My girlfriend

Hello everyone!

I will try to be short and informative as possible. Me and my girlfriend have been together for 10 months now. Yes, she smokes I do not. In the beginning I did not even take note or care about it. We did see each other only during the weekends while partying the first few times. As we continued to visit each other more often I started to get feelings for her. That´s where I started to notice that cigarette in her hand and the feeling of concern came in the picture.
We were talking about something and I remember telling me that she did not love anyone to tell her what to do or control her life in any way, she would get really annoyed about it. So I keep quiet about if for the next month. So when we ware dating for 2 months I took up this conversation for the first time and that´s when she realized I did not love the idea of her smoking cigarettes and that I was worried about it. She was understandable and told me that she would try to reduce the smoking. I did not bother her or asked how it was going. I was understandable and did not want to make any pressure on her. Of course I was curious in hell how the things were going, did she smoke 2 cigarettes a day or 10-15? I wanted to know if there have been any improvements. But I kept quiet. Note that after this conversation she would NEVER smoke in front of me. I could still smell her cloths and mouth that she was smoking, did try to ignore it as much as I could.
Some time later (about 4 months dating) we had our first fight. Guess what it was about, smoking. When I saw her smoking when we went out, I felt so helpless and really bad about it. I remember my hands shaking and I started to cry like a little boy.. It is hard to describe those feelings, I was completely crushed. 
Just want to add that my father has cancer and he had surgery last year. That is probably something that made me extra sensitive and more caring for the one I love.
Anyway, she was shocked about my reactions when I saw her smoking and she would say that she did not know it was hurting me so much.  She really was sorry and decided for the first time to quit smoking after 11 years of smoking not for her but for me. 
A half year later she still smokes. I see that she is really trying and fighting. I can sense that she is not smoking all the time. She usually comes to my house during the weekends. 2-3 days with me and she never smokes. I remember when we were on vacation for a whole week during the summer, she only took few puffs and that was it, I was so proud of her. She never smokes when she is with me. So she has proven that she can stop if she want´s and I do believe her and trust her. But as soon as I leave her she starts smoking. The interesting part is that we still never talk about it. If I bring this topic up she gets defensive and would say it´s her problem and that she needs to solve it by herself. I really want to help her but she is rejecting me all the time. Why would she do that? Would it not be easier if she had my help? Like when she is with me, that’s the only time she really can say no to smoking. I am listening to what she says and am supportive, I am giving her the space she needs. We never talk about how it is going and I do not want to press her or anything like that. Sometimes it feels like she does not want to quit. Like she is doing it for me and not for herself. And I know this is the wrong mind set. She needs to stop smoking for her best not for me. The question is how? I can understand that she is enjoying smoking and that is stress relieving for her. Recently I have read a lot about smoking on forums, videos. Even bought the book from Alen Carrs easy way to stop smoking, just to get understanding on how smokers think and how I can help.
About her health, it is not in a good shape either.. She can walk for 15 min and she gets exhausted and tired. She is usually tired during the whole day and is home all day long. She is only 25 years old. 
Just wanted to add that everyone around her are smokers. At the job, her mother and brother smoke at home to as well as some of her friends. I am pretty sure it is making it a hell harder for her to quit..

I just cannot live this way anymore. I am too scared something will happen to her. I do not want to go through the same thing again if something happens to her. I just would not handle it... I am in the point where I lost all the energy. And I do not know for how long I can still handle it. It has big negative effects on me like weight lost, problem with stomach, cannot sleep etc. etc. 

I will bring this discussion up with her this weekends and I would love to hear from you what you think about the whole situation and give us some tips and help. What do I need to do? What can I do to help her?  what does she need to do? Should I let her fight alone?  Would really appreciate every thought or idea you have! 

I did read a lot on this reddit as well. Just want to say to keep fighting you are amazing! There is always someone who cares about YOU more than for himself, remember that. You can do it!

Thank you for your time.

TL;DR My girlfriend is smoking and I need your help so she can quit smoking.
