One week.

I was kind of on the fence posting this....  I just recently quit, and ecigs were a godsend.  I still smoked "analogs" as they call them, but over the course of about 8-9 months transitioned slowly off real cigs to mostly full-time ecig.  (Occasional real cig in the AM or after meals)  While it's not smiled at, I smoked my ecig indoors all the time at home and work.  I sucked on that thing non-stop.   After about 6 months I downgraded from full strength to 1/2 strength nicotine, all the while cutting back on real cigarettes. I planned on switching over to the 0% ecig juice around new years.  
Well, I got really sick last week (food poisoning) and didn't even get out of bed for 2 days.  Managed to stay off the ecig also and decided that it was time.  After 20 years of roughly a pack a day (pre-eCig) I'm done.

One week later, I feel pretty good.   I don't miss real cigarettes at all, but man I do miss my ecig.  Even tho as mentioned I could get 0% ecig juice I'm going to try and stay 100% cold turkey for as long as possible, hopefully forever.  Got a feeling even using 0% eCigs could (more like would) drag me back into the land of actual smoking, or vaping with nicotine ecig juice again.  

The biggest difference this time from all the other times I tried to quit (outside of the ecig transition) was the mental.   Every other time, trying not to smoke was nearly impossible.  My head just wasn't there.  I wasn't ready even though I told myself I was.  This time there was no prep, no plan, no big lead up.  I was just sick as hell, and the last thing on my mind was smoking.  Afterwards when I started to feel better I realized I was almost at the 72 hour mark, and I should try and stick it out.  It happened to be a long weekend for me anyway, so I didn't leave the house.  Major difference tho was I still had 10 smokes in a pack on my desk, and bottles and bottles of ecig juice.  I ignored them, and mentally told myself this was the time.  No more.     Gave them all away a few days ago and now there's nothing left except for a few pieces of old nicorette in my desk drawer **just** in case.  Never liked the nicorette so it will probably go unused.

Also a hot girl I work with said if I go a month she'd show me her boobs.... so I got that to look forward to.  3 more weeks!


Edit:  Two weeks in, cravings 99% gone.  Still miss my ecig but 14 days till boobs so....