39 days since I finally quit after a long process of cutting down and moving to e-cigs. Yesterday I shipped my e-Cig equipment away!

I've been a smoker since around 8 years ago, and now I can almost dare to say I've been able to quite without regret and the need to start smoking again. I used to smoke raound 1 pack a day, at one point at least. I almost quit during my time in the Army but that didn't last long. I didn't quit when I got my first kid, neither when I got my second one. I should have, but I never really felt like I *WANTED* to. For a long time I never smoked at home, but that didn't end up with me quitting.

So roughly a year ago, I decided to get a e-cig as some of my colleges ordered one as well. Thought what the heck, might as well give it a try. Found some liquids I liked and after a few months, I noticed that I didn't want to smoke normal cigarettes any more. The bad thing was that I smoked more, as I could do it inside the office as my colleagues smoked as well. *insert that escalated quickly image here* Anyway, after roughly half a year, I went out drinking with my friends and forgot to recharge the battery and thought I'd just smoke a normal cigarette instead. The weird thing was, I didn't like the taste, started coughing and felt like a kid again :D The next day I made myself a promise that I would quit smoking and gradually decrease the amount of nicotine my system was used to.

After roughly another 6 months I've been able to quit, finally! In my case I can easily say that for all this time when I knew I shouldn't smoke it didn't help. All this time when my gf asked me to quit, I didn't. Only when I decided that I really wanted the change, I managed to quit. It took some time, and perhaps I could have quit a lot faster but this way I have no regrets and it was quite easy :) Yesterday I shipped away my Lavatube e-Cig mod to the other side of Finland, so I'm not getting that back any more, and couldn't be more happy!

TL;DR: Stopped smoking after 8 years with the help of e-Cigs.