I wish you were here

I'm 22 years old, my father is 52 and my mother is 51.

Both of their fathers are deceased, because of smoking.

I believe people are allowed to live their life and all that blah blah blah. I've smoked too! So I understand the incredibly strong appeal. I don't judge people who smoke.

However, I would give anything in this world to spend one afternoon with my grandfathers. They were both intelligent strong men.

I would give anything just to talk with them. Now I only have other people's stories.

My father's dad was a slim 5'5' Korean war veteran. One night my dad (hefty power lifter) 5'10" high Schooler came home beligerently drunk. My grandfather flipped his ass over his shoulder breaking the dinning room table (apparently they taught him judo in training). My father is an unreasonably strong man (power lifter body type) and he admits that his father kept him in check. Everyone describes my granddad as a soft spoken intense man. He never let anyone walk over him and was smart enough to put others in there place. He loved animals. He had such wisdom and was a loving person. He died when I was one year old. My mother says I remind her of him.

My mother's dad was an awesome guy too. Standing 6'2" he was the star receiver for (maybe too specific southern state). When his football career ended he became a very successful salesmen "...he could sell sand to an Arab", I was told. He was a stoic man, that commanded respect by his words and merit. He died of lung cancer when I was 7 years old. 

I'm telling you this because I feel a deep connection with these men, even though I haven't met them (as an adult). I want to know their stories! Their perspectives! Their flaws! 

My dad's dad did boxing in the Philippines during his naval years.

My mom's dad was a poker master who frequently visited Las Vegas in his free time.

I would do anything to know these awesome guys.
Smoking directly causes heart disease and lung cancer. 

I hope this might be an incentive to keep away from smoking. 

I've never been able to identify with my dad. It would be awesome to have someone like my granddads to talk to.

Your children and your children's children WANT to know about you! They want to know so that maybe they can have a deeper understanding of themselves.

Keep at it guys! I know it's not easy but you'll make a lot of future generations happy!

