Might get hate for this, it might even get me deleted but is reducing smoking at least a step in the right direction.

Let me clarify I started smoking around 16-17 and quite buying cigarettes a year and a half ago. So step one complete, I no longer buying cigarettes! My boyfriend smokes so I have been sharing from him. I smoke maybe 5 a day.

Then I went to dentist for the first time in 10 years about a month ago. Turns out I have gum disease. I know for a fact that it isn't simply because I smoke, both my parents have it, I don't eat well and I sure has shit ben neglecting the hell out of teeth not to mention not having professional cleaning done in 10 years. I brushed once a day, never flossed, never did mouth wash so I know smoking is just a contributor not the cause. When I found this out I freaked out and I quite cold turkey and let me just say I am as miserable on day 1 as I was on day 30.

So I started thinking. Are there any health benefits of extremely moderated cigarettes? I'm thinking smoking one cigarette 2-3 a week. Because it just crushes my soul knowing I would give them up for good. 

Also I want to add that I now have prescription strength mouth wash, I brush twice daily and floss, do oil pulling 3 times a week, The dentist even said my mouth looks a lot better than it did my initial visit.

I have a feeling I am just gonna get a bunch of "just quit" responses which are fair. But I really just enjoy a smoke. Having a few cigarettes a week to me seems like there has to be some sort of benefit over smoking about 35 a week.

And finally I do have pretty good self control about things. If I make a plan I usually stick with it. So I feel that I would have no issues only smoking 1-3 a week.

Maybe after doing this for a long period of time I could cut down to two or one and then get to a point where I just have one for special occasions. But swearing off smoking forever just saddens me. I know it isn't good for me but what's the point of life if you can't occasionally say "fuck it" and do something unhealthy ever once in awhile. 

Opinions?

EDIT: You guys are helping me see the light and I appreciate it. I guess I just got swayed from a few people saying "You will crave them until the day you dieeeee!" Hopefully it will get easier in the future to not want one. I can only hope. 
