Day 4..Going pretty well.

So about 4 years ago, I started flirting with a girl while I was a heavy smoker.  I really liked her (and wanted to quit for a while anyway), so I decided to quit.  We started dating officially and then I kind of started again behind her back.  

It was innocent enough at first...went to a bar with some buddies and they were all smoking.  I was drunk and a cig seemed like it would be AWESOME so I bummed one.  One turned into 4 or 5, but I swore to myself that it wouldn't become a habit again.  It started getting easier to tell myself it was just a social thing and limited it to just when I was drinking with my buddies (which would be like once a week max).  

One day, I was stressed out from work and broke down and bought a pack.  Never really stopped...just kept buying more and more packs as each one ran out.  I kept hiding it from my girlfriend.  I would try not to smoke a couple hours before I would see her, but if I needed to smoke, I would try to mask it by washing my hands/arms/face/neck and spray febreze on my clothing.  

I have to admit, there were a few close calls.  Normally, I would hide my cigs/lighter in my car, but I forgot a few times and had them in my pocket.  I would get so paranoid that she would notice the outline of the pack in my pocket and it was not fun.   It was also putting a strain on our relationship.  She'd constantly ask me to sleep over after a date, but I always had to make up some excuse why I couldn't (when in reality, I just needed a cig).  

Well, the time came last weekend where I finally moved in with her.  Although I could technically smoke at work without her knowing, I felt that instead of craving the cigs during the increased amount of time I would be with her, I could just quit.  Day 4 and going strong.  I get short cravings, but they only last about 15-20 seconds.

What has also helped me is that I got sick last week.  I've been coughing a lot, so it makes me not want to smoke.  I also had a few huge expenses I needed to pay recently, so money is tight.  I mean, I could afford a 7 dollar pack, but since my bank balance is already low, I don't want to make it lower.  Thirdly, I work for a very hipster/trendy company that is focused on that weird stuff...you know what I mean...Yoga, organic foods, kombucha, that kind of shit.  As such, there were always very few smokers here.  Most of them ended up getting fired or left.  I was down to only ONE other smoking buddy at work, but she quit about two months ago.  That means nobody I can bum cigs from at work, so that helps toO! 