After 10 years of not smoking, I am almost addicted again

I elected to post this short anecdote partially as a warning and hopefully encouragement of those striving to quit, and partially as a way to confess to my self that I am risking a full blown relapse.

Junior high, I was 13 years old, typical acting out rebel with the cigarette as fashion accessory. It all started with my best friend's parents always buying 10s of packs of cigarettes at a time, so a few weeks before junior high was starting we stole a couple without them noticing out of curiosity/we are the "cool kids" type nonsense. I remember the attempts at inhaling, just burning sensation in my mouth, then as we grasped the concept of inhaling pure poison into our lungs it lead to lots of coughing and a few nicotine induced pukes. However, we WANTED to smoke, we didn't want the smoke, but we wanted to be smokers, so we persisted. I developed a full blown 20 a day addiction, and even at 15-16 I was starting to absolutely loathe it: I accidentally burnt holes in my clothes, always had smokers breath, shitty cardio etc. Already back then I stated that I would "soon quit", it wasn't until I had past 19 that years of pent up frustration over my addiction manifested action. One day I simply took one last toke of a cigarette, flicked it with my fingers, exhaled the toxic fumes and said: "Fuck it, this is it, I'm done". I gave the remaining cigarettes in the pack to my friend and left.

It was surprisingly easy to quit for a week, then a party came around and I relapsed for 2 months until I repeated the same method, no big build up of saying "I will quit on the 1st of next month" or "I will quit on Monday", nope, once again I just cold turkeyed spontaneously. This time I was aware how easy it was to relapse, so I stuck to it and avoided cigarette smokers diligently for a year. In the same period I made a conscious decision to clean up my act in general: no more weed, no more excessive alcohol binges, no more junk food. I replaced these old habits with new habits of exercise and healthy eating. This was surprisingly effective, within 3 months I didn't even think about cigarettes beyond being cautious of them. After 1-2 years they weren't even a thought in my mind, and ever since then I have had a borderline repulsion toward smoking, the very smell of second hand smoking was equivalent to smelling something rotten, I just had this visceral reflex of not wanting to even be close to that poison.

\*Then\* last month happened. I hadn't smoked weed in ages, but met up with some old friends, including a chick I've been dating as fuck friends off and on. I took it upon myself to roll the joint, just for fun, I wanted to just relive the nostalgia of the old days. Since we didn't have enough green, we had to supplement with some tobacco, which one of my old friends had (he's still a smoker). Keep in mind that at this point nothing about cigarettes was even REMOTELY tempting, so for me it was like "whatever". After sharing the first and the second joint we sat around chilling for a bit, talking about everything and nothing, as you do while high. Then, as I was high, my friend who wasn't really aware if I was 100% not smoking or not simply asked me in a friendly fashion: you want one? And I was like: "Fuck it, sure", and I got that nicotine rush from the old days: dizzy, lightheaded, needing to lean back to focus properly. It felt good, so in my altered mind state I asked him if I could buy a few from him "just for the night", he gave me 4. Me and the girl went back to my place and sat on the patio, at this point I was back in my sane mind state and had even forgot the cigarettes I had wrapped up in my wallet, until the girl asked me: "Can we share a cig?" I remember I immediately felt this very odd sensation of this being very wrong, but in the moment I discarded it like: "There is no fucking way I can be addicted to tobacco again, fuck it, let's enjoy the night". We smoked all 4 cigs in 20 minutes and went to bed...

I woke up and smelled tobacco, the repulsion of the smell came back, my breath smelled shit, my fingers smelled shit, my throat was hurting like crazy. So I just shook my head, popped a painkiller and took a shower. I didn't even think about cigarettes again, until I went to the bar 2 weeks later. As I arrived I had already drank like 4-5 beers, so I was buzzing a bit, but still lucid. As I was waiting in que I saw a guy light up a cigarette, and without even thinking I asked the stranger if I could buy one from him. He was a friendly bloke and just gave me one. I lit it up and that nicotine high hit me right away, it felt awesome. The rest of the night I would smoke like 5 or so more cigs that I got from different people there. Didn't think of it. "I am immune to addiction", was pretty much my mentality.   


I fuck up majorly. The week after my random cigarette bumming tour at the bar I was at the gas station to buy some basics, and impulsively I told the cashier: "I'll take a 20pack of Marlboro Gold". As I uttered these words I felt a chill go down my spine: "What the fuck are you doing?". As I waltzed back to my apartment 5 minutes away I was constantly going through an ambivalent dialog in my head: "This is exciting, I can't wait to feel that nicotine high and play with the cigarette between my fingers" while "Wtf are you doing? This is just stupid, you don't even smoke anymore. You haven't smoked in 10 years. What the fuck?" came from the entity on my other shoulder. Sure enough I ended up on the patio, unwrapped the pack, popped one into my mouth like I was James Deen and lit it up with my lighter. Oooh, it felt smooth, it felt good. There was only one problem, the fucking cigarette ended way, way too soon. I had just lit it up, yet now it was gone, "fuck it, I'm not a smoker, I am doing this for the high, I can smoke more", so I sucked on 5 consecutive cancer sticks in the span of 20 minutes. I enjoyed it, I'd be lying if I said I didn't. I felt my throat started to hurt again, so I was like "Hah, that was silly" and put the pack outside while I went to attend to some important stuff. At 2 am I couldn't sleep. I felt like I wanted something, but I couldn't quite figure out what exactly, but within a short time period I was out on the patio smoking another 5 cigarettes. I continued the same thing the day after, I wouldn't smoke until like 20 hours after my last cigarette from the night before, but then I would binge 8 within 1 hour. Literally dedicating a whole hour on the patio to smoke. Suddenly my sanity's voice managed to reach through all the noise in my head: "Stop this shit right now, you \*know\* how easy it is to get hooked on this shit again, your body is already hurting, drop it!". So I took the last 2 cigarettes in the package, smoldered them up and threw them in the trash.

That was 2 weeks ago. Since then I've smoked over 70 cigarettes. and crushed 10 as "Now I am done" protests. Today I haven't had any cigarettes, it's been approximately 24 hours since my last one, but the craving for it is major, major enough that I felt the need to spend 30 minutes typing out this personal anecdote to strangers I will never meet. I am refusing to buy more cigarettes, right now I am supplementing with beer (not healthy, but yea it's a vice I just need to feel something right this very moment to get over the first 72 hours so I'll be back to normalcy). I never, ever, ever thought I would EVER struggle with cigarettes again, and while I'm not addicted again after just 70ish cigarettes, I feel that if I had kept this up for another week, I would be a full smoker again, even after 10 years of 100% absence without any interest in cigarettes, without a fleeting thought of cigarettes in a decade, as soon as that shit gets into your blood again, the dopamine is released and the cravings come back. Fuck cigarettes. Period.