My smoking journey

I started smoking when I was a teenager. I was hanging out with a friend, he offered me one, and I said, "sure." I didn't even know how to inhale--a girl showed me how to do that a few months later. I coughed, but quickly got hooked and smoked a pack a day for 9 years. Then when smoking indoors was made illegal, I had a particularly annoying night out trying to juggle buying smokes after I ran out, smoking, talking with friends, and drinking that I realized this was stupid and needed to give up. So I got Allen Carr's book and started reading it.

I quit about 2 days later. I had cravings for about a week; I would drink strong tea whenever I had cravings and that worked. I quit smoking for 8 years.

I started again about a year ago for a similar reason: I was out drinking with friends, a friend offered me a cigarette, and I said yes. I thought I'd just smoke one that night. Then I ended up smoking again the next night I went out drinking. Then I started smoking one cigarette a day--at night just before I went to sleep. I wanted to smoke one to get that dizzying buzz.

I thought I could limit it to that, but of course I couldn't. After a month or two I started smoking 2 a day. That turned into 4-5, which turned into 20. Soon I was back to a pack a day.

That was about 8 months ago. I realized I was addicted again, but this time I hated smoking a lot more than last time. When I was younger and smoked, I never really noticed the bad smell. This time I was repulsed. Every time I smoked my hand smelled awful. I'm sure my breath and body smelled horrible too, although I couldn't smell it. I could sense it. At the same time, I was freaked out by how much I coughed. Constantly. Sometimes the coughing was really bad, sometimes it was just minor throat clearing. But I was coughing at least once an hour, even if I didn't smoke for 2-3 hours. Obviously this was extremely unhealthy and disgusting.

Oh, and that one cigarette buzz was totally gone. I never experienced it.

When I realized just how awful smoking was, I got Allen Carr's book again. Read it again. Then I remembered why I was smoking and why I should stop. So I stopped.

It's been two weeks now. I think about smoking, but I don't really have any cravings per se. I'm pretty sure the nicotine is out of my body, and now I can get back to a life without cigarettes.

I'm not coughing anymore. That's a relief, since the damage I was doing to my lungs was so obvious that I was getting really scared. But I actually enjoy the lack of stink much more. My hands smell fine all the time. The third benefit of not smoking: I'm not constantly thinking about it. I'm not constantly looking for a place to grab a smoke, or planning my life around when I can go smoke, or worrying that I'm smoking too much, or feeling guilty that I smell bad around people. I'm probably much healthier because I quit, but I'm definitely happier and more at ease.

I think about 2-3 years after I quit smoking, I honestly forgot about cigarettes. I forgot that I'd ever smoked at all, and cigarettes just never entered my mind. So after 7-8 years, I'd totally forgotten all of the downsides of smoking. I think that's why I said "yes" when I was offered a cigarette so readily recently.

Let this be a warning to you: if you've quit smoking, don't forget how horrible, stupid, pointless, and expensive it was. I did, and sadly my body had to pay for it for a year.