101 days and continuing - My third attempt of quitting

Quitting the first time was so easy for me. 

My first attempt lasted 21 days. It was very early in my habit of smoking. I wanted to prove to my self that I can control this nasty habit. I used to smoke a couple everyday. After 21 days, I was confident that I can control it. So, I started again. This was during last few months of college.

I started my job and after two years, One of my friend got mouth cancer. He wasn't a chain smoker then as much as I was. But that really got me scared and I thought really hard about my priorities. I was about to get married in a year and my to be wife wanted me to quit before that.

So I stopped Second time which lasted for 2n half years. 

I again made the same mistake of starting to smoke again in a controlled way and started smoking. This went on for 2 more years. Which brings to the current attempt which has lasted for 101 days.

I am really great full of all the help and encouragement that I get from  /r/stopsmoking. 

So i thought that may be I can put together something that worked for me to quit. Its mostly created using my comments from some of the other posts on this sub.

**Tips**
Find all the information out there about why you should quit. List all health, social, financial, personal problems related to smoking. This will help you to understand how much important it is for you to quit smoking.

Next, find out what part of your daily routine is related to smoking. Like for me it was my daily commute to office. Right before I would start my work, I would need to have that start of day smoke which I could never avoid. Also drinks on weekends. List out all such triggers. This will help you understand all the situations in which you might be weak and wont be able to stay off when you start your smoke free life.

Next, make a list of all the Substitutes you can do whenever you have a craving. A game on your phone, reading your favorite quotes collection on phone, going through your favorite friends and family photo album on your phone, news app on your phone, a happy memory or place's thought. Keep this substitute list handy.

Next, make a back up plan. If on a particular day if you could not stay off, you need to have access to a back up. Like nicotine gum, patch, e-cig etc. Just because you don't have access to back up you might end up smoking one. And if you have one then rest will follow

Once all the prep is done, Go cold Turkey.

Avoid all those situations, places, friends,smoke break buddies from work who may trigger a craving for cigarette. Don't worry you wont be closing off social life all together. Its only temporary till you are sure of getting rid of this habit. Whenever you have a craving, drink a glass of water and pick up anything from the list of Substitutes. Trust me, Cravings reduce over a period. First 3 days are the toughest. Also weekends if you smoke and drink on weekends. Make a note of days and situations when you might be more weak in particular. Give your best on such days. Remember that even if you pick 1 cig, its as good as starting again. Cause you will. Go for a long walk / run on that weekend. Of course if you do pick up... don't worry, start again. Keep Calm and Carry On :)

Cravings will get reduced over time. Start exercise, pick up a sport, they help in reducing cravings too. When you start exercise, start with something that you can measure. Like walking, jogging or running. You can note down speed, distance, heart rate etc. Over the next few months you will be surprised with how fast your body has not only recovered but also made significant progress.

When you quit then there might be a time when you start to think that now you can control the urges and you will start to think about having one in some party or smoke only when you drink.

*DON'T*

You won't be able to control it. Make sure that you don't have to quit it again.

On of my attempt lasted for 2.5 yrs. Then on one day I had this brilliant idea that I can smoke only on parties... Soon it was only on weekend... And I never even realized that I had started again. 

Do some research. Make a plan. Stick to it. Many have done it before you. You can too. Good luck. 

Best of luck... Non smoker for rest of life... That's what the goal is. Never look back now.
