I hope my fear of not succeeding helps me quit!

I've smoked for about 12 years. I've been trying to cut it down to an "acceptable" amount of say 5/day for the last 7 years. I've made spreadsheets and graphs about every cigarette smoked and it has honestly not helped, mainly due to the fact that if I was coming under my goal then I'd reward myself with some more ciggies. I've also tried to cut down with vaping by trying to replace at least one cigarette a day with vape and hoping to transition gradually, that absolutely did not work either, all I did was increase my nicotine intake. 

Fast forward a bit.... I randomly decided I'm quitting, without thinking about it much. The sad truth is, I'm not fully committed, I don't really want to stop, even though I know I need to, I realize that, I'm just not really ready to give them up. However, I quit. If I make it through today, that'll be 2 freaking weeks which I can't even believe! (since I started smoking, I've never gone a day without, even if I was so sick I couldn't get out of bed, I found a way).
I have been using vaping as a crutch to helpful me quit. It's still really really freaking hard. Almost at 2 weeks and I'm still getting so irritated and emotional sometimes to the point of crying. 

As far as fear of not succeeding, I guess one could say I've never known true failure. That perhaps is what's motivating me to go through with this even though I know I'm not ready, but I've already said "I quit" (words I've been avoiding for all too many years). The mind is a powerful thing. I am also scared of how much I would smoke if I relapsed, 1 because of the vape (24mg) and 2 to make up for lost time.

I'm so confused right now I don't even know what message I'm trying to relay. I guess I just really needed to get this down on "paper" and hoping anyone in a similar situation can give me some insight and advice as to how to proceed, because it seems like every 3rd day I'm breaking down crying trying real hard to make it to the following day.

TLDR: tried cutting down with no success, don't feel like I'm ready to quit, but said "I quit" almost 2 weeks ago using vaping as a crutch. Very confused and emotional. Hoping my fear of failure is enough and seeking advice from ex-smokers who quit using vaping.
Thanks in advance! Much love and appreciation for all you ex-smokers out there.