Smoking more before quitting helped me

I do not know if it is an advisable path, but I am in my longest quit(73 days).

I smoked for almost 17 years, during the last two years I smoked almost a pack a day.

I tried many times to cut down before quitting but after quitting completely I never lasted more than 4 days. I assume that when cutting down I suffered more the withdrawal so cigs appeared more rewarding and later I had to deal with that memory. I also think that cutting down takes its toll on willpower.

I also tried to smoke a lot the last day to feel wasted the next day and then quit, it worked the morning after(still nauseous) but then the urge was too great. It was not a good idea since it is a drug, but I tried a few times due to a previous experience which happened many years ago. One night there was free Guinness at a pub, I do not remember how much beer I drank, but even the smell is still revolting (I wish I liked it!).

I also used to try quitting almost any other day,  which caused relapses even after a few hours, I guess I was depleting  my willpower.

When I felt that I was getting ready to attempt quitting, I chose to smoke a little more, without many refrains, similar to when I was on holidays. Then I asked myself what was a reasonable amount of time to be able to look back in the future and say: I smoked as much as I wanted, I was as happy as a smoker can be but I still wanted to quit. Then I decided that for at least twenty days I will not attempt to quit. I added another week to my quit date to experience the feeling of looking forward to stop smoking.

Therefore instead of 19 or 20 cigs per day I smoked from 22 to 24 cigs. I had more morning cough then usual, cigs were not rewarding, I felt like I just had the chore to feed my nicotine-addicted reward circuits. Nicotine was a third need besides eating and drinking. I also noticed that cigs had been diverting my attention and interrupting my life too often. I also found out that my non-smoking parents had more energy than me!

Other stuff has happened to help my quit, but it is helpful to know that going back to smoking means going back to a life from which (as much happy as a smoker can be) I wanted to escape.