I kept on relapsing. Wanna know what was my problem?

Was it lack of willpower? Low self esteem? Impulsivity? Depression? Rebellion? Indomitable spirit?

After each relapse I thought: “why did I crave it so much, it is not such a good experience. I guess i really need this shit to live well”. 

It was a wrong conclusion, the problem was that I did not understand how addiction works. It is not simple (at least for me!) so let me use an example and then an explanation.

You are a hunter living thousands of years ago and, for some reason, you have decided that today you are hunting a mammoth. You woke up before dawn because it takes 4 hours to reach the area where mammoths live. You are almost arrived, you are already a bit tired and worrying about the hunt. After all mammoths are big beasts and very dangerous when wounded. 

Fast forward to the feast at your village for the killing, the meat of the mammoth will support the community for a week. You are a hero, you will get the best spears and arrows, you will also merry the most beautiful girl. This rewarding outcome stimulates your reward centers to generate a very pleasant release of dopamine in your brain. Your reward centers are meant to reward actions that increases your chances of survival. 

Now a year has passed, you are not a hero anymore because you have not killed other mammoths. You miss the feast in your honour (actually your brain misses the dopamine high). Your reward centers start suggesting actions which will release dopamine (making new friends, having more fun with your loved ones, helping other people, achieve something, pursue an ideal) but none is viable. You could try to hunt a mammoth but you remember the fear and the fatigue (the negatives).

Since you have not been getting other dopamine highs, your reward centers start working in the background:

* They erase or make less vivid the fear and the fatigue (the negatives)

* They conceive thoughts and rationalisations about the positives of hunting. For instance: I was scared but, after all, it was exciting; no mammoths can tell me what to do; it was a spiritual moment, I was one with the hunting; there was just myself, nothing else.

* They make you remember details about the feast, they make you think about the feast more often. They enhance positive memories (even the wine was better!) and boost nostalgia. 

All in all, your reward centers warp reality, manipulate and deceive your mind in order to get a dopamine high (It is not a bad thing because it is meant to give you more chances of survival). You even start fantasizing about hunting ..  just one more mammoth!

Now meet nicotine, a substance that deceives your brain by mimicking so closely  acetylcholine that there are some receptors called nicotinic receptors. Nicotine was crafted by the tobacco plant evolution to fu*k the brain of bugs that want to eat it.

Needless to say, nicotine causes a release of dopamine in your brain. The reward centers react to the event and associate it to survival, smoking becomes a primary need.

When you quit, your brain misses the dopamine highs and your reward centers start manipulating your mind to make you smoke because it is a matter of survival!

You don’t need that shit to live well, the reason why you crave cigs is that a part of your brain is actively trying to deceive you by putting in your mind “positive” thoughts about smoking, erasing bad memories about smoking, creating nostalgia.


My problem was that I could not conceive that my brain would try to deceive me. If you read again the story of the hunter, it does make sense: a part of your brain actively tries to deceive you.

After being aware of this effect it was much easier, as soon as a thought about the “positives” of smoking surfaced, I labeled it as “bullshit” and quickly discarded it. 

I learned a lesson: some thoughts, even if they pop up often, have no value and must be discarded immediately. If you give credit to them, then cravings and nostalgia appear.

What about the junkie inside my brain? The junkie is dormant , he is hopeless about getting high with nicotine. The reward centers have accepted that they can get dopamine highs by: making new friends, having more fun with my friends or loved ones, helping other people, pursuing an ideal or a career, being more adventurous, achieving something, even small daily goals! 