Smoker since age 11, smoked for over 20 years, I just had my first cigarette in 28 days and it was a very interesting experience.

I may have a different outlook about smoking than most. I started smoking when I was 11. I grew up in a very rural area and buying cigarettes, even as a child, was no problem. I've smoked for so long and for such a large portion of my life that I don't even remember a time when it was like to not smoke. This created a problem for me. I had no idea what type of person I was without cigarettes.
  
I know alot of you long term smokers understand this problem. When times get tough, when your stressed, when your happy, when your relaxed, all aspects of your life revolved around smoking. You smoked when you first woke up until you went to sleep. With that kind of integration if your life, cigarettes are a part of who you are. We, as long term smokers, are simply not the same person when we're not smoking. Quitting can be terrifying. 
  
I quit smoking last month, oct 18th. It was cold turkey. Believe me when I say, any hope I had to be a leved headed person evaporated after day one. I had/have no coping mechanism. To put it simply, I discovered that I am a bastard. If you asked anyone I knew before Oct. 18th what kind of person I am, the general description would be zen-like. I was calm, practical, kind, and empathic. Well, not anymore. Douchebag would be a more fair description now.  
  
So, you can imagine the kind of stress I was under to smoke again. Day 25 was just as hard as day 1. I had enough of it. I baught a pack today and not more than 20 minutes ago, I had my first cigarette in 28 days. What happened just now was so profound a personal experience for me that I had to come here and write about it right away.  
  
I've been told that smell and taste are some of the most potent memory inducing senses we have. I beleive it. When I lit that cigarette and tasted it on my lips I felt like I just got ripped back in time. I remembered clearly my childhood, me, smoking on my parents back deck in my pajamas, sneaking out at night to burn one behind the house, the taste ashy, and not very pleasant, but the feeling could not have been more pleasurable. There is a very simply joy when you smoke. Most of us, after smoking for so long, sorta forget it. Because I had been smoking for so long I had completely forgot it. My biggest fear about smoking was I no longer remebered a time when I did not smoke. That was an error. It was amazing. I never again want to forget that feeling, of lighting up, not out of habit, nor out of need, but out of simple enjoyment. 
  
So, now, I have a reason to keep this up, for the first time since I started. Yes, health, yes increased stamina, but I will be honest with you: after 28 days, I had not seen any sort of benefit to quitting. None. If anything, I had every reason to start smoking again. But after today, for the first time, I have a personal reason to keep from smoking. If it means that I can enjoy a cigarette as much as I just did by continuing this bullshit clusterfuck I call my life, and be as contented as I am right now, then by god, it just might be worth it. 

TL;DR Needing to smoke is a far cry from simply wanting to smoke. I prefer the latter so much that I am finally sure I have enough will to kick the habit. God save my family and friends.