Thanksgiving is my quit day. I'm thankful I'm still alive and want to continue living and prospering.

I'm elated to find this subreddit today, today is day 1 of being smoke-free.  I've tried quitting two times before, so I'm somewhat aware of what I'm up against.  I planned this as my quit day about a month ago, smoked some cigarettes in that time, and reflected on the negative impact it's had on my life.  My health and my personal life has suffered and I'm doing this now before it's too late.  

A little bit of background on myself - I grew up around family smokers and have been smoking since 17, now 32.  At my peak, I smoked 2 packs a day on weekends while drinking.  I averaged about a pack a day over the last 2 years.  

I've walked a couple miles in the snow to buy a pack of smokes (I actually did this regularly for exercise).  I've bought cigarettes instead of food.  I've avoided social settings because I'd rather smoke.  You name it.  Everyone knows me as a smoker, It's not the 70's and 80's I don't want to be THAT GUY.  The guy I'm going to be is the guy that says "If I can quit, anyone can quit!", and if you knew me in real life you'd believe me. 

I'm quitting today for multiple reasons. 1. My family - They all want me to quit.  2. My health - I want to live and I want to be healthy. 

So..yeah 15 years of smoking, nearly half of my life and my entire adult life. 

Smoking has always been my crutch, I also drank heavily in my 20's, but for some reason it didn't affect me like nicotine.  I could binge drink 3 nights a week, and drink a few beers almost nightly, and quitting that had no noticeable affect.  I just drank less and less frequently until I realized I stopped drinking. LOL  

I have nicotine lozenges at the ready for this weekend.  I'd love to quit cold turkey but I don't know if I'll be able to swing it with Tgiving. 

Thanks for your support guys, I will be happy to partner up with someone if they need it and I look forward to this journey. 

Any tips would also be helpful - Being totally honest I never really tried support groups because I found dwelling on the non-smoking only made me want a cigarette that much more. 

Thank you r/stopsmoking