Jiddu Krishnamurti on quitting smoking

Krishnamurti was a philosopher and spiritual teacher who, in the vein of Buddhists and Hindus, stressed the need for a revolution in the human psyche which necessarily must come from within each individual, not from some outside force or authority.

&gt; If you find smoking rather stupid, a waste of money, and so on - if you really see that, you will drop it, there will be no problem. Smoking, drinking, or any other habit is an escape from something else; it makes you feel socially at ease. It is an escape from your own nervousness or from a disturbed state, and the habit becomes a means of your conditioning. So, smoking is not the problem. When you approach smoking with your memory, your recollection of previous trials and failures, you approach it with a conclusion already made. Therefore, the problem is not in the fact but in your approach to the fact. You have tried by discipline, control, denial, and you have not succeeded. So you say, "I shall go on smoking; I cannot stop"which is, after all, an attempt to justify yourself, which means your approach is not very intelligent.

&gt;To give up smoking, sex, a particular habit of thinking, a particular way of living, a particular food, may be a very small affair, or a most complex affair. We see that will is not the way out, and a gradual process is not the way out. It must be done instantly, without effort. To give up something immediately, no time is involved at all. How do we do it, sirs? I don't know why we make a mystery of it. **It's very simple. There's a wasp there, a pretty large one. There it is. What takes place when we see it? There is immediate action to get away from it.**

See what he's getting at? The moment we awaken to the attachments which keep us smoking is the moment we're able to let those attachments go. This mirrors the process of capital-A Awakening.

If you have 20 minutes to spare today, here's a great video in which he talks about breaking free from habits: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ng7Y0phq0Ls&amp;t=764s