Day 11: I finally threw away my cigarettes, and it feels like someone died

TL;DR: I am bawling my eyes out after finally throwing away my cigarettes, and it makes no damned sense.

I've been a smoker for 20 years, and I've tried to quit a billion times. I never make it past hour 6, no matter what. When I quit this time, I still had 4 packs left from a carton. I didn't throw them away because those suckers are expensive, and I figured I would fail like always.

But I didn't fail. After a few days, I asked one of my sons to hide them from me because I had gotten too close to caving in to cravings. 

Then I didn't fail for a few more days. I got to days 9 and 10, and thought "I need to actually throw them away." But I held out for some reason and let them remain hidden. 

A little while ago, I had to wake my son up to take some medicine. He was tired and moody, and was stressing me out. My biggest craving trigger is stress from kids and I just don't know how the fuck to handle it without a cigarette YET. Then, it started to rain, and one of my favorite things to do is sit on my porch when it rains and have a cigarette. I told myself "Fuck this, I can't handle this shit without cigarettes. I just don't give a fuck, I want to fucking SMOKE!"

So I told my son to go bring my cigarettes to me. After 11 days nicotine free. He asked me 4 or 5 times, "Are you sure?" I told him yes every time. He looked at me with disappointment, reluctantly said "ok," and walked out of the room to get them. 

For me, I have done the impossible. I made it past 6 hours. I made it past 24 hours. I made it a whole fucking week. I made it 11 days. I CAN BREATHE. When he came back in the room with those last 4 packs I have been mentally and emotionally hanging onto, I lost it crying. Full on sobbing. 

I told him I needed to waste those cigarettes right that second. I opened each pack, sprayed water into them, then twisted and crushed them while he watched and I bawled.

I sent him off to bed, and I'm crying my eyes out. They're gone. My cigarettes are really gone. I've been a non-smoker for 11 days, but shit just got real. These feel like tears of grief, and I don't know what the hell to make of it. It feels like a gutwrenching loss that I'm crying over. It doesn't make sense because I've been so happy and proud to be free from those damned things. 

If you read all of this, thanks for letting me ramble while I cry and snot all over the place. I WILL NOT SMOKE TODAY.
