I need help!

I have smoked for more than 6 years of my life.
I seriously tried many times to quit smoking but relapsed after a month most of the time. I somehow convinced myself everytime that I needed a cigarette as my life was already worse. I'm turning 25 on 3rd March. And I wish to live my rest of life as a non smoker. I smoked marijuana for like 4 months in the hope that it would help me quit but in reality the opposite happened. Anyway I quitted marijuana without getting addicted to it. I occasionally drink alcohol until I vomit. I have realized that I have become a person who has no desire to enjoy this life anymore. The only reason I am living is because I love science and my parents and I want to see how far we can go. I don't even get pleasure from doing things that makes people happy. I'm unhappy, worried with extreme lack of self control. I know this is not me. I know this is not what I want to do. I used to hate smoking but my curiosity and compulsive behaviour made me an addict of it. I want to erase every memory associated to cigarettes. I have got a jar and I'm going to save my money  in it instead of buying cigarettes. I'm going cold turkey. I would like to mention that this is not a pre-planed quit. Actually I woke up smoked 3 cigarettes felt really bad and thought "why don't I try quitting from now on" .
I'm a Procrastinator, I'm impulsive, I have problems with my mood, but I believe I can fix everything if I can remain sober for the rest of my life. If everything goes right I will open the jar on my 26th birthday.

Quit DATE &amp; TIME - 28th Feb 2017
 09:07am

Quit Method - Cold Turkey

Smoked for almost 7 years
Smoked  5 to 20 Cigarettes every day depending on my impulsiveness. 

State of Mind when I decided to quit - Pathetic


4 months ago I broke up with all my friends from whom I got this filthy addiction.
I have no friends now.

Health is not very good at all.

Any tips, advice, help, personal experience, quit stories, struggles related to this addiction would be really encouraging and helpful.

Any information, link, book, website, video would be really great and helpful. 

Thank you for Reading and wish you the best with your goals to improve your lives. 
