Day 18: it's bad, but there's also hope

I've smoked for about 6/7 years, tried to quit a lot of times. Can't remember if I ever made it this long. I also quit weed at the same time. There are definitely benefits so far, mostly physical. My sense of smell is starting to come back strong, my skin and nails look better, the circulation in my hands and gums is noticeable. I feel more energetic and my appetite is there as well. I don't feel threatened by cravings at all, I drank on multiple occasions from day 11 to 17, only had a really strong desire to smoke then. I drank mostly to curb my incessant restlessness and ridiculous insomnia (I know it's not actually beneficial). From day 11 on I haven't slept once before 5 in the morning and never longer than 6 hours, even while drunk, exercise did nothing for that.

Overall Im happy with my progress and know that I won't fold, I know I couldn't do it when college starts again. I also think I need the improved focus be successful in my new study (switched from BA to CS).

Mentally it's a different story. My concentration is completely shot, my mood swings by the hour and I mostly feel very irritated in general (writing this helps more than I expected though). Also I can't bring myself to do one thing for longer than 5 minutes it seems.

Since day 15 I begun to have very vivid dreams. They we all bizarre/nonsensical to varying degrees. Today, after I fell asleep at 7 in the morning something happend that amazed me tbh, it was the first time ever I won a fight in my dreams, normally its like my arms are like silly-putty, Im sure you know what I mean.

Before I fell asleep today I drunk texted a bunch of people which I have never done before to that extend. It wasn't anything sexual or obscene ,but I haven't even touched my phone once today, because I feel so dreadful about it, I don't know why.

The exciting part of quitting seems to be over. It seems like I'm stuck in limbo, with my face to the grindstone and have to wait it out until week 4 or something. I think my brain longs for any type of stimulant at this points to compensate. It's evening here now and I already now I won't sleep again.

Good luck to you quitting, can anybody relate ?

