I. Am. Quitting. There, I Said It (But I Might Need Some Help)

[Day 1]

Hi Reddit,

This is just as much for myself to see my honest thoughts, plainly in front of my face (so I cannot deny it), as much as it is a reaching out for help (because I know that I need it). I am almost 23 and have been smoking since I was 15. It started as a rebellious "fuck you" to my parents when they were the process of getting divorced but then of course as it became more of a habit, cigarettes began to intrude into every aspect of my life. I used to be very active, playing on 4 or 5 sports teams a year, at the gym 5 days a week, lively, vibrant, out-going and driven and I know that person is still inside me somewhere. Now I am cynical, dismissive, frustrated and lazy, mostly due to the fact that I know I am so much better than what I am doing to myself.

For years I told myself that I didn't feel anything, that cigarettes must not really affect me that much because I would still play sports, albeit with much less finesse than I used to. Now I've completely fallen off and rarely exert myself unless necessary. Then last week I started feeling a tightness in my chest out of the blue and my heart dropped. I am way too young to be worrying about shit like this. My friends are running races, going on adventures and living life while I'm cutting mine short with this stupid, self-destructive habit.

I also had the pleasure of meeting a girl at my work who really changed my perspective on things last week. She was 20 years old and had a rare disease that left her wheelchair-bound and very developmentally delayed but she was lovely. Her mom informed me she had a very rare disease that had almost no research funds so her and her husband had raised about $600,000 to date to fund it. What really struck me was that the doctors had given her daughter about 12-15 years to live and told her to enjoy the time they had. Like I said, she is 20 and still going strong. I had to take a minute in the back by myself after that because I just thought "Oh my God, what am I doing with myself?"

In 2 months I embark on one of the biggest adventures of my life as I move across the country to do what I love (snowboard) and live the dream in the Rockies and I want to do so in the best frame of mind. I know that great things await me there and that I want to be as healthy and as positive as I can be to take advantage of the opportunities I may have and I know that I cannot do that with cigarettes being a part of the equation. 

I have tried to quit before and have (longest for about 6 months) but this time it's for good. Cigarettes, I want no part of you anymore. You make me slow and weak, angry and short-tempered, isolated and anti-social, unambitious and unmotivated, disappointed and full of excuses. You bring out the absolute worst in me and it's that I put you in your place.

This post seems a little all over the place, it's just a culmination of thoughts that have lead me to this point. Thank you to anyone who read through this, any support is greatly appreciated and any advice even more-so. I'll be updating (hopefully daily) with progress, successes and struggles. 

Much love Quitters, you are all so much stronger than you know. I hope to be like you one day :)