Don't quit , continue smarter

Hi Reddit !
I'm taking my study break but i'll try to present the essence of my thoughts as quickly and simple as possible.

* Story time !

I was a smoker with ~10 years of experience in my bag . I started off as a generic wannabe cool elementary school dude (15 years old in my country) . But as we all know it , an occasional cigarette while hiding in the school's courtyard became a pack a day run . At first I didn't even want to think about possible consequences and sometime later the thought of it just stuck although i chose to live with it . I have always been somewhat rational person but i've never lost my touch of biasness towards anything . My thoughts on cigarettes were justified , completely . I enjoyed the rush , i lived that social atmosphere they were creating , the flow of smoke excited me more and more with each puff . It became a lifestyle , my passion ... it became a part of me . I can wholeheartedly say i was thriving.

* The essence .

Now , the thing is , i've always believed we people go through phases in our lives . As we progress we kind of blend into our social groups and they condition us into what we think we want to be . That is perfectly fine , it's the way it works . No baby is born with Kant's judgement . But as we progress , we kind of retain conventional style of life . Smoking is just a part of the assimilation . Its the agent of group consolidation . A habit that sticks with us when one group dissolves and the bonding agent of another group .

What I'm really trying to say is that we don't really know who we are until certain age . We don't really know if we want to be smokers or not . We really just remain smokers because we stop thinking about it.

* The conclusion .

Everything you do in life , do for a reason . If you've never thought about whether you want to be a smoker or not , think about it . If you really enjoy smoking to this day , if it pleasures you and makes you a better/more interesting person then, by all means , continue and don't quit . If you think you can manage without them just as good as with them and if they don't really affect your personal/social output then please , think about quitting .

I'm not here to rant about health effects. No label ever stopped anyone from buying them . Everyone becomes aware of the risk eventually . I just want you to think about your choices because it's your choices that make you you . In the end , you don't have to stop but you at least have to think about not stopping . You do kind of owe it to yourself.

If you need any further help , feel free to comment , I will try to answer everyone .