Lent!

OK, probably many people talk about giving it up for Lent, but please bare with me.

I've been a smoker since I was fourteen. My mother smokes and her brother did. My father doesn't and never did; however, his mother smoked until about fifteen years ago.

I started occasional, maybe 1-3 a day until I was sixteen, and then I was on 5-8 a day. By the time I was twenty, I was up to 10-15. My father abhorred that I smoked. His mother quit and went very anti-smoking, and as we were very close and I didn't to disappoint her, I didn't tell her I smoked. She found out anyway, and of course she was disppointed.

When I was twenty-one, my gran died, due to emphysema caused by smoking. I didn't stop, even though I wanted to honour her memory by doing so. In fact, in the two years that followed as I did my degree, I smoked more and more, sometimes going as far as 40 a day at my worst. When I graduated I went back down to 15 or so.

Eighteen months or so ago, in August 2016, my uncle (mother's brother) died, about five years after quitting. Died of cancer; metastatic and systemic. He had become anti-smoking after stopping, and stuck to his guns bigtime.

I wanted to quit, and tried but couldn't, for a number of reasons/excuses... I work at a computer, at home, all day, so going otuside for a cigarette is a good way of ensuring ten minutes away from my screen every hour... my mother is still a smoker and gets snotty with me if I don't go outside to smoke with her... I occasionally smoke weed in small doses to help me sleep (lifetime of insomnia/anxiety/depression and it's the only thing that helps), and in the UK weed is too strong to smoke pure... and if I'm honest, I *enjoy* smoking. I always have.

Just to be clear: other than smoking I have a healthy lifestyle. I eat well and walk a lot, work a couple of mornings a week at a local charity shop to get out of the house. I'm 5'8" or so, weigh ~130lb, have good lung capacity and have pretty much always measured 100% on blood oxygen tests (found out when going in for surgury re chronic rhinosinusitis).

So here I am. Twenty-eight, been a smoker for half of my life, and I want to not rely on cigarettes. I don't want to say "stop smoking" because whenever I've tried to stop it's become a Big Thing in my mind and I've just sat with the shakes until eventually giving in. Either that or I've tried to cut down and ended up smoking more. I want to not rely on them, but possibly continue enjoying them from time to time. 

Here's where Lent comes in: I'm a (privately) committed Christian, and want to use my desire to make some kind of sacrifice for Lent to back up my willpower. I'm also using an e-cig to take the edge off wanting a cigarette. So far my plan is to not tell myself I'm quitting, but cutting back severely; thinking of allowing myself one single cigarette before bed each day, so I don't have the weight of quitting on my mind. Eventually I'll be able to take it or leave it (as I usually have with the last one before bed) and not think about it - especially if I'm vaping - but still have one occasionally. This is what I want.

So... I don't know so much why I posted this. I think I just wanted to get everything out today. I'd say I'd like opinions, but I imagine most replies will be 'don't do it that way, stop completely' ... which I can understand. Has anyone maybe done it this way before, themselves?