Breached the first major wall, so many left to go.

I only was a smoker for 2.5 years. But that time adds up. Add in the four years of college and the first year out where I was only "smoking a little" and you get to where I was 3 weeks ago. 
I still play rugby, and still work out regularly. I could finish an 80 minute game. I'd be tired but everyone was.
What made me quit was when I realized I couldn't take a full deep breath anymore. If I was running or working out or just walking down the street and wanted to fill my lungs, there was a stopping point. I used to be able to inhale more, even when I was little and my lungs were smaller. This hurts. My chest was always hurting. I had quit in the past, and the longest I had gone was 6 weeks during my fall season, but this time feels different.   
For the first 10 days when I worked out (I do a lot of plyometrics, which is mostly jumping) my energy was way lower. I couldn't do as many jumps as quickly as when I was still smoking. This was impossible to me. What was the point of quitting if my lung capacity wasn't any better, if I had less energy? But I told myself I'd get past that. And I didn't buy that pack. I didn't light up. A smoker friend visited, and I didn't bum a smoke.   
This week I did the same exercise and did it in half the time. My rests were shorter, my sets quicker. I have more energy.  
When I lifted weight, however my body continues to scream for oxygen. Trying to lift heavier weight puts a strain on my veins and demands more air. So I take my biggest deepest breath and still hit that breaking point. I know I can take in more, so I keep trying to breathe, but there is no room in my broken lungs. It's only been 18 days after 2.5 years of daily smoke, 7 years of semi-regular smoking.  
I breached a huge wall in getting over constant craving, in stripping my blood from the nicotine. But there are many walls to come. Full lung capacity may never return, but that is no reason to give up completely. I haven't killed the smoke monster yet, but he is starved and dormant. I will never feed him again, never again allow him to take control of my limbs one blood vessel at a time. 

TL;DR - Only after 10 days of quitting after 2.5 years of smoking, did my energy levels increase. Lungs still in recovery.