Stop smoking = be your self

Hi everyone, I started smoking about 18 years ago. I've been trying to stop smoking since a year ago. And if I'm not mistaken this is my 4th attemp to stop.

At the first time I stopped smoking because I realised that the dose is gettig too much. But, instead of stopped smoking I was only suceeded to reduce the dose. From 2 pack a day to 1 pack a day. What I did to reduce it is just keep my self busy inside a room. So, I wouldn't have time for smoking.

And that condition remained for a month. After that I pushed my self to leave the room only on lunc break. So I only took cigarettes on meal time (after brakfast, lunch, and dinner). This situation remained longer than I expected, it lasted about 6 month. However, after this effort I realise how addicted I with cigarette. Not smoking felt like not being your self. Moreover, I noticed that not smoking, had nothing to do with productivity issue, like most of my friend claimed. I can be as productive as I was, altough I needed to get through the process.

Luckily, after the previously-mentioned effort I had a chance to make my self really busy.  Because of my rapid daily activity, I was only able to take 2 cigarrettes a day. At that moment I started to think about stp smoking. Somehow, I felt that smoking just give me restrictions and limitations. When I was smoking I believed that, cigarettes help me do many things ( making friends, facing a stressful moment, make me feel confident and so on) but at that time I started to ralise that I am able to do those things without smoking. "You are as perfect as you are with or without smoking." Smoking will only take your time and money. 

That was how I started to stop. I slipped so many times after that moment. But I kept trying. The most difficult temptations to avoid were hanging out with friends who smoke and drinking beer or wine. Those occasions just led me to another pack of cigarettes. So I just simply quit alcohol too.  But, quit seeing your friends is not something normal.

To deal with this I just simply tricked my self. I call it fake smoking. Buy a pack of cigarette, open the seal, take it wherever you go. Whenever you have a temptaion to smoke again, just take smell of a cigarette, just smell without litting any fire on it. I'm still doing that trick now. In my 3rd week of quitting smoking. And it can help me control the temptation.

For someone who ever smoking for a long time. Just remember! We are always quitting. Eventough we already stopped but we will always found reason to smoke again. So keep quitting