~10 Month, Thank you guys!

Hey guys, i wanted to share my story with you, since i remember the struggle i went through almost a year ago and this sub really did a big part in helping me quit. And sorry for my bad english its not my mainlanguage.
I started smoking when i was 14 (1 pack in 2-3 Days). Soon after i went to prison for 2 years, thats when I started smoking alot 'rolled'-cigarettes without Filters and with the cheap-dark tobacco.
After my release i started smoking the expensive cigarettes again. 1 Big Pack a Day until i was 22 years old.
Now, I never gave a shit about health since i never had serious health Problems (thank god).
I always said im never EVER going to quit smoking, cause I really REALLY loved it. Especially after a nice meal, under stress and so on. 
In Summer 2016 all cigarette-packages in germany had to have a so called 'Shock-Picture' on it. I really didnt care. Until December 2016. At one day i looked at that pic of a man lying in the Hospital and his wife and son watching him dying ("Quit Smoking - keep Living for your loved ones").
I dont have children but a few People i love. So i was thinking about me lying there with my loved ones looking at me, sad af just because i didnt want to quit smoking. Around that time i discovered reddit and THANKFULLY this subreddit aswell. 
I didnt had the Intention to quit tbh but I read alot of Posts here for 2-3 weeks, just lurking. Alot of People mentioned a dude called Allen Carr. So i gave it a shot and listened to a few minutes Audio of his Book on YouTube. I loved how he made everything so clear and explained things so logical, but still i couldnt imagine a life without cigarettes. So I read more stories on here, some very sad some really nice and uplifting.
So on 23th of December 2016, five minutes after I smoked a cigarette and laid in my Bed i decided to quit Cold turkey. I still had a full pack of cigarettes on the table. The next morning i told my gf that i just decided to quit smoking and she can throw that pack away or give it to whoever smokes marlboro cause I wont touch that shit anymore. Of course she was sceptical cause she knew how much I loved cigarettes. so she hidd that stuff for a month in case i fail. noooooope. I didnt smoke a single cigarette since then! the first Week was very hard and i came here few times a day to read some Motivational stuff and yes it helped. After that time its the first time now i come back again here to say Thank You !!!
Thank you for this sub and for everyone whos trying to help people quit this stuff.
Its never to late even if u smoked half your life or even more, u will see changes not only on your wallet but on your condition too. 100% WORTH!
And if u decide to quit smoking consider yourself a Non-Smoker, no matter if u just quit 5 mins ago. Most People laughed when I said im a non-smoker only a few days after i quit, but it helped me alot thinking that way.
And if you have problems during the quitting, the first thing that will pop-up in your mind will be a cigarette of course, but dont forget a Non-Smoker doesnt need cigarettes :P.

TL;DR: Quit smoking, worth it.

I wish ya'll the best and success! 