3 Years!

February 4, 2012.  After dinner.  That was my last cigarette.  I had run out of them before dinner and bummed my last one from my father while standing in the front yard of my brother's house.

We stood there, smoking a cigarette after helping get my mother into the car.  She was having such a hard time with the chemotherapy. Her stomach was in pieces.  She was so weak that she could barely walk.  That's when I realized what I was doing.  That's when I realized the gravity of the whole situation.  As I stood there puffing away, I looked at mom. 

She was sitting in the passenger seat, struggling to catch her breath. Gasping for air between coughing fits, in soiled clothes.  She was embarrassed and humiliated... she just wanted it to end.  

I knew I was watching her die.  She knew it, too.



I also knew that there was a strong likelihood that, if I didn't change something, my son and daughter may also have to watch me go through something similar in twenty years.

I snuffed out that cigarette and filled my Chantix prescription the next day.  I haven't touched a cigarette since.

That night seems so far away now.  So much has happened since then.  I've lost a job and subsequently started a successful business on my own.  I've gotten into the best shape of my (adult) life and dropped nearly 220lbs.  I've also dealt with one of the more stressful events of my life: the loss of my mother this past April.

It's amazing what you're capable of- once you're resolved to a course of action.  

I smoked anywhere from 1- to 2-packs a day for around 17 years.  I *loved* smoking.  It was a huge part of my personality, like a best friend that had been with me everywhere.  Nearly every memory prior to three years ago prominently featured a cigarette.  

No more. 

I'm tempted from time-to-time.  It'd be dishonest for me to say otherwise, I'm an addict- I know that.  Even though the temptation is there, it's fleeting at best.  Most days, I never even think about it.

My wife still smokes, as does most of my social circle.  They try blowing me some shit every now and then about my whole *reformed smoker* attitude, but I don't let it bother me.  I don't harp on them to try and get them to quit, because they won't.  That isn't my fight.  

Fortunately, my wife doesn't smoke around the kids.  That's about the best I can hope for.  For now.

Sorry for the long post, I had a few things I wanted to say.

**TL;DR** I've made it three years without smoking, and it feels as awesome as it sounds!