Impressive is too good a word

So I was spending time with my friend before leaving for college, and a conversation we had together left an impression on me.

Before I went to his place he texted me, requesting that I buy him cigarettes. So I got them and we spend some great quality time together. Eventually I asked him if he was out of cigarettes, and that's why he needed me to get him a pack.

 He said, "You know what? I actually did some cigarette math this afternoon. I know that I smoke about one cigarette every 45 minutes, and that I smoke a bit more frequently if I'm drinking beer. Then I had to account for the fact that you were coming and wouldn't bring your own cigarettes. At this point I calculated that the cigarettes left would not cover me through the morning before I get to work." 

At which point I said, "Wow, isn't nicotine addiction impressive? For how many other things in life would you put as much planning into?"

He replied, "I wouldn't call it 'impressive'." 
"I guess it's too endearing?"
"Right. Let me put it this way. There was no way that I was going to go without a cigarette before going to bed tonight. If I'd have ran out, I would have probably drove out-- piss drunk-- and gotten myself a pack of cigarettes. It's absolutely disgusting that smoking turns your rationality inside out. It's just disgusting."

After I heard him say those words I almost felt like crying. I could see in his eyes that he had already surrendered, and wasn't willing or feeling capable of quitting any more. Furthermore I was shocked to hear him say that he would have driven while heavily intoxicated. This guy is a wonderful, considerate person. Yet his integrity is completely compromised because of nicotine. 

Anyway this reinforced my will to stop smoking and am hoping it reaches other people too. Just try to separate your brain telling you to have a smoke, and *you* knowing you need to quit. That voice telling you to quit is *you.* The voice telling you to smoke a cigarette is *your brain* giving you bad advice.

 Wish me luck, everyone! I wish you all luck too!
