5 months and 2 weeks, things DO get so much easier and you DO forget to want one, you CAN sit with smokers and not want one!

I am 5 1/2 months cigarette-free after being a pack-a-day smoker for 10 years.  I didn't want to quit but found out I was pregnant (I did have my one last cigarette right after the test came out positive, to admit), so over the next three days went hard-core into chemical withdrawal and dealt with that by sitting with my lit cigarette at my smoke spot, even putting it against my (closed) lips, and going through the entire process of pretending to smoke a cigarette without ever inhaling a puff. It was a terrific way to quit. I will admit I panicked and rationed those butts and split the smokes into 2 or 3 pretending sessions just because I was so SCARED of running out of smokes. But I didn't inhale and when that pack was up I just threw away the carton and never went back to the store. I ended up craving them a lot and had to breathe through it and go eat or just be restless, but it wasn't as bad as actually deciding not to go to that store and buying that new pack. 

It was harder when I wasn't showing because I knew I could choose to smoke and no one would judge, but I didn't because I this baby didn't choose to smoke and I love it more than smoking. So began my journey as a reluctant non-smoker. 


And to admit it was mentally difficult. I got past the withdrawals fine, but the mental craving NEVER went away. Every night I wanted a cigarette. I dreamed of being at the hospital after giving birth and sneaking outside in a hospital gown to smoke that fresh amazing first cigarette as soon as I could. I would be out and about and in the middle of a conversation and BAM, cigarette craving. I loved to smell the second-hand smoke of others. 

That lasted about 3 months, the same thing every day. Then into the 4th month my cravings only came say once a week and I would notice them more because I was experiencing them less. They passed within seconds now, not minutes. I didn't sweat or think about going to the store, it was as if I was craving a cupcake or brownie or something. It was easy.

Now, I can think about cigarettes and try to imagine inhaling one and all that, and I have zero craving, mentally or otherwise. I can sit with smokers and not even notice the cigarette. I haven't had a craving in weeks, and the last craving I had was about as bad as wanting a can of pepsi, that's it! 

I feel so much better and have a healthy baby kicking around in my belly. I don't cough anymore. My nose isn't stuffed up. My throat isn't sore. My skin has cleared up for the first time since...well since before I was a teenager. People remark I look younger. I don't smell. It is awesome! I am free. I just wanted you all to know that the cravings DO get really easy pretty quick, and they DO go away (or are at least so far apart that they become irrelevant). 

I just hope that helps someone worried about "craving them for the rest of your life" which was my worry. 
