Loved one wont quit despite serious health and cancer - anyone else here in the same boat?

My dad has been a smoker for 40 years. He is 54. Just about a year ago he had surgery to remove a massive blockage in his colon/intestines and a bowel resection. They pulled out a baseball sized malignant tumor. Thankfully it was localized and did not spread anywhere else but his doctors took it seriously (as they should) and so did we. For the first time my dad actually committed to quitting smoking. I have never been so proud of him. We could see the changes - his near constant cough went away within a week, the snoring stopped, he was able to be more active, he had some taste buds back. It was amazing and we were so happy. All I did was tell everyone (and him) how proud I was of my dad for quitting smoking. 

Mid September he had emergency surgery due to complications from the first surgery. The surgeon decided that a temporary colostomy bag would be best and we have been dealing with that and it's almost time for his surgery to put everything back together. The issue is that a few months ago we noticed signs of him smoking again. We knew that his return to working would be the make or break point. And clearly it broke him. We noticed the cough and wheezing coming back. Taking more walks and finding reasons to get out of the house. I wanted to give him the benefit of the doubt so I always just made excuses for the behavior. 

But a month ago we had company over and he came in from outside and was talking to me and his cigarette breath just slapped me in the face. I could have cried right there. I was so heartbroken. I told him "if you want to keep up this charade that you're not smoking maybe at least brush your teeth so people don't find you out." He said nothing and we haven't talked about it since.

But now every time I smell it on him I get so upset and angry. It stresses me out beyond belief. I can't say anything to him or bring it up as a family because all he does is scream yell and curse and tell us he is a grown adult that doesn't have to answer to anyone and we just ruined a nice evening by bringing it up. My mom has given up trying to talk to him about it.

I know that smoking, as with any addiction, is something that the person has to WANT to quit. We can't guilt him into quitting or say he should do it for us. But at this point I feel like he will never CHOOSE to quit - they pulled a cancer baseball out of him and that didn't motivate him. What will? I'm afraid nothing.

I realize this post really doesn't have a point. I guess I'm just looking to see if anyone else has been through this? Living with a loved one who refuses to stay quit despite their health problems. How do I deal with the stress and anger and sadness this gives me?