I am trying to quit smoking for my 22nd cake day, but it is really the hardest thing due to emotional issues. Advice?

I was addicted to heroin once. Heroin. And, then, one day--I stopped using it forever and never looked back. That was over a year ago.

So why is it that quitting nicotine seems to be the hardest battle in my life? I tell myself every day, "This is the last day." I started smoking at 18 and would really like to stop before I hit 5 years because I have battled asthma since I was a child, and I feel that 5 years is when it starts becoming more and more detrimental. I know that any year is bad, but I've been experiencing chronic sinus infections this past year and I believe that smoking is the direct culprit. I know it is.

But quitting fucking sucks. It makes me want to cry. Sometimes it does make me cry. I can only, at this point, go two days without a cigarette.

I wanted to quit smoking today because I am now 22 and figured a birthday would be a good day to quit. Well, I am smoking as I type this.

I don't know whether to throw myself in to it full force or what. I have terrible anxiety--which I've read can actually be caused by cigarettes. I know all the details. I know I should detox with green juices, maybe fast, drink lots of water, exercise---but those are all the last things I want to do when I am craving.

Does anyone have any advice on how to handle the emotional side-effects? I have a history of major depression and know that quitting smoking can trigger episodes. Like I said, I know all of the facts but I am helplessly chained due to my emotional ties to nicotine.

It's what I don't get and what I hate. I quit using what is supposedly one of the most addictive substances on earth, cold-turkey, without looking back once. But nicotine? Nope. Break downs commence. I think it's because it's so readily available and more circulated than most addictive substances. But I am also ready to believe it IS the most addictive substance. I'm actually not the only former opiate abuser I know who has been able to stop using opiates but has not been able to stop smoking.