I have to quit, and even thinking about it has me super nervous, jittery, and clinging to my pack like a child clinging to their blankie. Please...help me.

Hey, /r/stopsmoking. I have no idea how to start a post like this, but I want you to get a feel of who I am as a person, since that greatly impacts solutions to the elephant in the room.

I grew up around smokers and lost someone very important to me at a young age after a long battle with cancer. I swore off smoking right then and there, and for the next 11 years, I was extremely adamant about it, even going as far as requesting my parents not smoke around me. (Boy, that was a fun fight.)

At 18, I landed a sweet job making a lot of money at that age, and I loved my job(working in a group home with the mentally handicapped). Due to the nature of the job, breaks were optional and not required by law. I was the only person that didn't smoke there, and my boss had rules in place that breaks were ONLY meant for smokers. 

Well, we had a very physically behavioral client. It really started wearing down on me, so I fake smoked in order to get breaks. I never inhaled, only into my mouth, then blowing it out.

After a confrontation with a co-worker, she outed this, landing me in trouble. I loved my job too much to leave, so I started inhaling for real.

I was hooked almost instantly. You all probably remember that heavy, loopy feeling you'd get when you first start smoking. I loved that feeling, so I smoked as often as I could, just to get it.

Here I am, nearly 6 years later, and I'm addicted. I'm so addicted, it makes me sick to think that I have something in my life with this much control over me.

I've tried many times, making it a whole 6 days at one point, but it's hard. I've long since left that job, but now my job is more stressful than any other I've ever had, due to immense responsibility and uncooperative co-workers. Sometimes, I just need to step away, and smoking gives me that.

So, why do I smoke? Well, stress is a huge one. I know smoking doesn't actually help, but between my job, my extremely ill father and constant money problems, there's not a day that goes by that I'm not stressed for at least half of it. Smoking lets me walk away from whatever situation I'm in (work stress, a bad phone call pertaining to my dad, my recent health problems). I can walk outside, clear my head, have a smoke, and then come back full force.

I'm also addicted to the oral side of smoking. The motion, back and forth. It's part of so many daily activities for me. Driving, walking, my morning cycle. I know it's a bunch of crap, but it almost feels like I'm more addicted to the motion and pacing (I pace when I smoke) moreso than the tobacco itself.

Now, I need to quit. At 23, I have such severe GERD that my esophagus is eroded at the bottom 2/3's. The meds don't work. The tums don't work. They can't find anything more extreme, and because I'm still smoking, they feel that surgery to correct it is a waste, as I'm not trying hard enough myself.

I throw up everyday. I feel miserable nearly 90% of the time. I keep TUMS in business, purchasing what a normal person may purchase in a lifetime every 3-4 weeks.

I need to quit, but even as I'm sitting here, typing away at all of the awful things it causes regarding this, I still know that my break starts in 15 minutes, and I can't wait to have a cigarette.

What do I do? Any suggestions are more than welcome (please...share them.) If you need more information, please ask.

I'm so desperate, yet so addicted in so many ways, and right now, /r/stopsmoking, I'm terrified for my health, my life, and my well being.

Thanks.

PS: If anyone knows of a good GERD subreddit, support forum, anything, please share. I'm still at a total loss over recent discoveries.