Just can't get enough (rant)

Hey, all, longtime lurker (I love that word), sick of making excuses. I have been a near pack a day habit for about half my life. I still remember the first drag I ever had (why did I take the second????) at 13. I fully became a "smoker" about 16. I am now 31. 

The first time I tried to quit was when I was 17. My boyfriend hated it; so I took lots of showers where I would cheat. The next time I tried to quit was in college. I got loaded up with suckers, hard candies, veggie sticks; it lasted less than 3 days. The third time I tried nicorette with my mom. Over ten years later, she's still on the gum, I'm still on the cigs. I have maybe only tried to quit twice in the past 7 years. Always an excuse. First it was "when I turn 25 I'll quit". 25 came and went without missing a drag. Now, it's "when I get pregnant I'll have to quit." That's no excuse! Quit now, mal_adroit, and you'll start feeling better tomorrow! 

I have quit every other vice in my life. I had a moderate drinking problem: done, cold turkey. I had an addiction to mountain dew: don't even like the taste anymore (lie, do you think coffee would help? I never liked cigarettes and coffee together). I sit and wonder why I can't do this with smokes. A few weeks ago, I think I stumbled upon the answer: I have never been an adult without also being a smoker. I didn't really hit the sauce til college, and I def didn't hit the dew until I started working nights in my early 20s. 
But smoking...smoking's been a part of me since junior year! I knew I could quit the others because I could remember life without them. I am so far removed from who I was as a 16 year old that I truly do not know how I can get by without cigarettes. (I know this is irrational; I'm an addict, forgive me.) 

My smoking definitely follows a pattern. I can only get out of bed in the morning when the pull for a smoke is just too much. I feel like such shit every morning. On day 1, I know that is going to be a huge hurdle. How do I get out of bed and not smoke? It's all I'm going to be thinking about. I'll start grinding my teeth; nothing will hold my attention until I get my nicotine; the shakes will start after a couple hours; the headache; you know. And I will not have enough will power to not smoke. After about 3 hours, I'll start sifting through anything I can think of that may have a butt in it; and then I'll take a drag off a stale butt, feel that wooze coming on for a second, and then it'll dissipate and I'll feel like shit because I couldn't even make it to fucking lunch without a damn smoke. 

Then it's time for work! I smoke 3 cigarettes on my 30 minute ride to work: never less, sometimes more if the weather is shitty. If I so much as get cut off or if someone tailgates too long, I feel my adrenaline rushing and the rage coming on: Time for a Smoke! Get to work...managing a bar/restaurant. I actually think work may end up being my saving grace. A lot of *former* smokers here, but it's been several years for them all so they're far removed from that immediate pull new non-smokers face. 

Even just seeing that word: non-smoker: I want to be one. It shouldn't be hard. I have done everything else I've ever set my mind to; why can't I just *try*? 

I have no motivation to do anything ever. I am always tired. I hate going to restaurants, theaters, etc where you are confined to a *gasp* non-smoking area. I always have a cigarette when I've finished eating. Seriously, even if I have a banana I'll need to smoke right after. I do believe now that the smoking is THE CAUSE of my health problems. I used to think, "Well, if I start working out (P90X y'all!) I'll feel better and still smoke, and then eventually I won't want to smoke cuz I'll feel so healthy!" But I never want to work out because I'm so tired! I weigh in at just about 110, 5'3". I eat yogurt, fruit, veggies, altogether I should be one healthy ass mofo, but I know now it's because of the cigarettes. 

I can't blame anything else but my choice to smoke for feeling like shit everyday. I just re-read what I wrote and I'm crying. I'm so mad at me. Why can't I just.not.smoke? 

I do apologize for the rant; apparently I've really needed to get this off my chest. I guess if you have advice, please share. I've read so many of your stories and identified with so many, but somehow I haven't been able to turn that switch in my head to get me to quit. In fact, because of the emotions I'm experiencing, I'm about to head out and have a cigarette. It's not going to make me feel better, and yet here I go. I am such an asshole. Thank you for your time, stopsmoking, you are inspiring. One of these days, I hope to have a badge. 