I really want to smoke and at the same time I really have no desire to do so. Advice and motivation needed!

Tldr: It's been 8 days, and I am sporadically having a killer craving for that one good cigarette. I want to do it because I know I'll hate it. This sounds like twisted logic. What can I do?

I've been a regular smoker for the last 5-6 years, and over the last couple of months, I realized that I really did not like smoking. For the most part. I'd say 1 out of 40 was actually enjoyable for me, and this realization pushed me in part to quit. My other motivations were money (did a budget for my roommate and when I told him 200 a month he just stared at the paper in shock) and a promise I had made myself when I started college that I would quit when I graduated. My boyfriend and our roommate quit with me. It's been 8 days. 

I love not smoking. I feel so much better already. I don't hack up phlegm balls when brushing my teeth, and I can walk for so much longer already because I'm actually getting oxygen. My car smells better. I know I'm setting a better example for my niece and nephew. One of my biggest secret motivations is to make my body safer for my future kid(s) even though that is probably a decade away (if I can help it). 

I thought work would be hard. I wait on tables, and there is frequently a two hour dead period between when I finish my opening work and when I finally get sat and I use to fill the time with smoking. Every other waitress smokes, too. I've just been taking out toothpicks from the bar and a tall glass of water with a straw, and I can sit next to the other women while they smoke. I don't want a drag. I'm not even secondhand smoking. The other night, I stayed after work and had my first drink (something I've been a little nervous about). I sat at the bar while two people were smoking. I destroyed two toothpicks, but I did not want a smoke. 

Now, after all that text, here's my issue: there are times when all I want is a smoke. I just want one drag. All the reasons for quitting melt away. Yesterday, I almost caved. I visited a colleague at her office and we went to lunch. I survived the entire four hour meeting without once even craving a cigarette. Then, afterward I was reading on her office porch, and BAM! All I wanted was a cigarette. I even texted her for one, but thankfully she left her phone in the car.

My question is, Will this rogue craving ever go away? I keep thinking that if I have one more cigarette I'll really hate it, but I don't know if it's worth taking the chance of smoking again. I still think of that 1 smoke out of 40 and miss it. I've mentally eliminated my cravings for the other 39 but this 1 is killing me. Will it get easier? What would you do? Is it an absolutely horrible idea to relapse just to prove to myself that it sucks? Or should I just keep reminding myself of the other 39 reasons why I don't want smoking to define the rest of my life?

Seriously, thanks for reading. This support community is what has inspired and encouraged me to get the ball rolling and to keep going. Thank you all for all the support you give to each member of this community!