This is my most genuine cry for help. Please read, and please comment.

I am at... what feels like a crisis point in my addiction. I am very confused. I am a smoker, and I am addicted to nicotine. There is no confusion about that. I am confused by my... resolve, I guess. I was home recently, for three or four days. I smoked three or four packs. Ran out every night before I went to bed, and picked up a new pack first thing in the morning. I hate being home if that wasn't obvious. I have tried to quit several times before. Most recently I stopped for 4 days before relapsing. Before that, I spent a week on vacation with my family and had no problem without smoking. No withdrawal. No urges. My family doesn't know I smoke, and I would like to keep it that way. I am rambling for the purpose of background, but if you bear with me, I think I am getting to the meat of the issue. I find moments where I am truly loathsome of my addiction and of myself in turn. I wake up in the morning, smoke what I say is my last cigarette, and pray to God for the strength to guide me through withdrawal and urges to reach a breaking point where I want to live more than I want a cigarette. This happened again the other night. I was in the midst of a binge on whiskey and beer, smoking a Camel crush in my bathroom and feeling disgusted when the menthol pocket collapsed wetly instead of *popping* in the midst of New York's humidity. I don't know why this set me off, but it did. I did the same thing. I told myself it was my last pack and yadda yadda. The next day, at 6 in the evening, I very calmly took a stroll to the corner store and bought myself a pack of non-filtered Lucky Strikes. I am no longer smoking a pack a day, at least for now, but who knows how long even that slightest restraint will last. I guess I am asking... why? See, the part that bothers me is that the part of my being that is allowing me to smoke isn't just telling me that I am weak and need a pack of cigarettes. I don't know how much I even do. Again, I felt nothing going a week without smoking, and yet strolled right back in to the habit at first convenience. The problem, I think, is that while I can reasonably tell myself that smoking is doing irreparable harm to my  body, I am in better shape than I ever have been. I run a faster mile than I did before I started smoking. The loss of energy and lung capacity only seems to hit me very briefly and sporadically. Maybe it is because I am young, and think I am immortal, but... I don't know. I really don't. Again, I am not in denial of my addiction, at least not from an intellectual standpoint. I have confronted and, to an extent overcome some of my other addictions (weed, whiskey, amphetamines during the semester. I know I mentioned an alcoholic binge, but believe me-- it is better than it used to be). I guess what I am asking is, why? Why am I having so much trouble even wanting to kick this habit for more than a few hours? When I made my first good faith effort to quit, I felt good. I really did. I wasn't sweating or aching.  I could sleep like a baby, but when I went back to smoking I didn't say "Just this one" or even "Just this one pack." I said fuck it. I don't even particularly enjoy or get any physical release from smoking, outside of maybe the first one of the day, which puts me in a near-narcotic stupor for less than a minute. I am not asking for pity. I know many members of this sub have struggled through worse than I could imagine, and I respect everyone who faced their addiction with strength and resolve I can barely understand. I am not asking for tough love either, at least not for its own sake. I have gotten plenty of that from friends who look at my habit with disgust: who think thatI am wrapped in a vortex of weakness that I can not escape without their oh so calculated and invested sense of self-righteousness. I really just want to understand myself better. To understand what drives me to relentlessly improve myself physically while still not really giving a shit about the horrible things I am doing to my lungs. I sit here now with a pack of Luckies. I think I am hoping I will ruin my throat with a cough from the unfiltered smoke. That doing that will force me to up and quit. I am not confident though. I am not even confident that the catharsis I get from posting this even relates directly to my urge to smoke. Maybe it is more of an issue of self-loathing. Or maybe it's that I can stop smoking for any period as long as I am confident that it is not my true last cigarette. So, reddit, please. Tell me what my problem is. Is it that I am a youth who has yet to see his true bottom. Is it that I have wrapped up my smoking habit in this bizarre and very complex sense of self-loathing that should be evident to anyone who has read this far? Or am I simply over-intellectualizing the whole issue, and my nicotine addiction is simply very sneaky that way? Please, please, please, post anything that you think may help me (or even yourself, if engaging in these conversations helps you deal with your own addiction) The one thing I really ask is don't be glib. However I come off; self-indulgent, narcissistic, self-pitying;  please don't post a one sentence reply just telling me not to buy a pack or to just man up. Anyone who has smoked before knows that these thoughts have run through my own head more than anyone else can count. I really just want to understand what bizzare, nebulous state of mind I am going through. Fire away. 

By the way, I know I have posted on this sub before, and if it looks like I am just here to jerk myself off, that is not the case. There is no karma in this sub.