30 days a nonsmoker, and I will be for the rest of my life.

I've been a nicotine addict for 22 years.  Started with chewing tobacco in high school and over the years slowly added smoking into the mix.  At the last point I was smoking a pouch of drum every two days (no filters) and going through a can of skoal every 2 days.  Basically when I was not smoking I was chewing, and sometimes I was doing both.  I slept with a chew in and would still often get up in the middle of the night for a smoke and a fresh chew.  I'm not sure what I could have possibly done to increase my nicotine consumption.

The really inane thing about my addiction is that i've seen first hand the damage that it can do.  My Grandfather was a lifetime smoker and by the time he was in his early 70's his emphysema was so bad that just moving from his bedroom to the dinning room required two rest breaks to catch his breath, And he was on oxygen the entire time.  One night he made his way outside with a rifle, in what must have been a tortuously long journey, he ended it.  He left a note that more or less said that he no longer cared to suffer like that.  I should know better, but its never the kind of thing thats going to happen to you right?  I'll stop someday, well before it gets that far...

I've quit a handful of times over the years and it was always this horribly miserable experience that never lasted more than a month at most.  

I hate all the usual things about smoking that everyone else does, the stink, the dependency, yada yada, but a couple of things happened to me over the last year that hit home and pushed me towards giving quitting another go.  First I had started to experience some issues with erectile disfunction.  Nothing consistent but often enough to embarrass and concern me.  It's funny that with all of the other horrible side effects of nicotine addiction, the one that really got my attention was having a good time in front of me and not being able to come out and play.  I'm sure you understand.  I'm only 38 so "on average" a good 12 years before I should have to worry about such a thing. 

Second I was laying in bed one night a month ago I realized that I was having difficulty drawing a full breath.  I was breathing normally but it still felt like I was not getting enough oxygen.  It felt a little like drowning and it scared the shit out of me.   

So I  geared myself up to raw willpower through another attempt, and thought I would pop over here and see what sort of support I could find.  I poked around on some posts and one thing that quickly became evident was the respect for Allan Carr's book "The Easy Way to Stop Smoking".  I love to read, especially books that offer some kind of insight in to the mind and why we do the things that we do, so I thought this might be just the ticket for me.  Saturday morning one month ago today I opened it up and read it front to back in about 3 hours, with a few small breaks, smoking and chewing copiously the entire time.  I had convinced my self that whatever this guy was going to tell me, I was in. I knew it was a perspective hack from page one and wholeheartedly and without reservation ate it up.  At the end I smoked my last Cig, didn't even finish it all, and that was that.  No gnashing of the teeth, no pacing, no anxiety.  Sure there was a little discomfort for a few days, that itch that you can't really scratch.  The routines that no longer include lighting up that needed to change.  Put into the proper perspective I was amazed to realize that nicotine withdrawal was mildly uncomfortable at best.
  
All in all the last 30 days have been no big deal.  Some briefly fleeting moments of temptation. Trust me when I say this that I'm not trying to belittle anyone's attempt to quit.  I know, oh so well, how difficult the raw willpower method can be, and other cessation methods have been just as much torture for me in the past. 

I'm not afraid that I might relapse, I won't. Without a doubt I know that I will never smoke again.  I'm a nonsmoker! Thats a powerful feeling and in some inexplicable way thats what makes it so easy.   I felt compelled to share my experience in hopes that someone will be able to take something away from it.  And to say thank you r/stopsmoking. I'm choking up a bit as I write this...from the bottom of my heart, for pointing me in the right direction, and quite literally saving my life.  Thank you.

Edit: added actual paragraphs to my ridiculously long story.  Thanks for reading.