I just wanna rant about whatever, and tell my tobacco story.

I can remember my first cigarette. I smoked some Marlboro Mediums with my friend Dustin and we sat there on his bed, and smoked one after another. We stayed up all night and laughed and smoked. No one gave a fuck and we just smoked. I brought the pack home with me, and hid it behind my dresser. 

I wouldn't really smoke much after that, but I would reach my lanky ass arms behind that dresser whenever I wanted to sneak a smoke out on my balcony. I would smoke one and walk into my room to lay on my bed and the whole room fucking spun around as I closed my eyes. I fucking loved that feeling. 

I would eventually run out of that pack of mediums, and I'd occasionally steal singles out of my Mom's pack and go for long walks to hide the fact that I was smoking. Nasty ultra-lights. My friend Steve and I used to cut the filters off, because " we weren't pussies". She had to know, but never said anything. Maybe she didn't know. 

I started smoking weed, and would pick up dank from a dude named Steve. His last name was Diamond, so we called his weed "diamond danks". " I was 15 years old. I also loved smoking weed too. I became a total pothead that summer. Cigarettes made weed even better. Especially menthols, turkish golds, and 27's. We all loved 27's. 

My addiction for cigarettes grew from about 3-4 a day from age 15-17, to about 20 a day around age 18. I smoked like a fucking chimney. I would smoke a bowl, and then smoke a cig. Smoke a bowl, smoke a couple cigs. Smoke some more bowls, and just keep smoking til my throat couldn't take it anymore. I guess I thought I was invincible or something. 

I joined the military, and I went to run my first 2 mile run. I ran around the track one time, and puked my guts up for about 15 minutes.My lungs hated me.  I was finally free of cigarettes since I was in basic training, and couldn't smoke while I was there. I found myself craving cigarettes so bad I would be looking for half-smoked ones when we were on 18 mile ruck marches. I found one, and quickly stuffed it in my pocket.

I heard from a kid that you could actually light stuff on fire from using your flashlight and dog tags. You just simply placed the dog tags across the two prongs on the flashlight and turned it on, and they would get extremely hot and glow. So I snuck into the bathroom at night and would use that to attempt to light my shitty half cigarette. It worked!

Soon enough I was a real life tobacco smuggler. I would get my family to send me a couple cans of dip in a care package. My addiction was so great, that I couldn't even wait 3 months to finish basic training. My dad sent me a box with a couple cans of dip along with a couple boxes of soap. I quickly threw the box with the dip in the trashcan fearing endless amounts of push-ups  and showed my drill sergeant the boxes of soap I had just received. I had to do push-ups because I got a package. Just like anyone else, whenever you got a letter from home or a package you did push-ups. It built character and muscles. Afterwards, on the way back to our barracks I grabbed that box out of the trash-can and threw my soap in there like nothing had happened. No one saw.

I went straight to my locker and used 100-mile an hour tape (duct-tape on steroids) to wrap my cans of dip all together. I then  proceeded to go to the bathroom and hide in the stall. Each stall was the same, except for one. One had an empty circuit breaker box that went back into the wall and you could look to the left and to the right and see along the wall. I had a genius idea to make a long-ass rope out of the tape, and I would throw my dip behind the wall and whenever I wanted it I would just go into the stall and pretend to take a shit and get my dip from behind the wall. Pulling it strand by strand, closer and closer, just to get my fix. I would do basic training, and at night I would go and take a pretend shit, and dip for about an hour to get my fix. No one knew. Or they also did it too, and didn't give a fuck. My addiction was strong. So were my military prison skills. I mean seriously, this was a pretty good hiding spot. Think Shawshank redemption good. 




*******Meh. This is getting pretty long. But that's a piece of my tobacco story. Maybe I'll keep adding to this when I get cravings. 



