I want to start again.

Bit info beforehand, I've smoked on and off for a long time in last years. Whenever I do have cigs, I smoke away a lot and don't even like it. Quitting isn't that hard because I don't have an very eventful life at the moment. So when I smoke it's only been on saturdays normally, but lately it has begun during the week also again.

But on saturdays. I work parttime, on Saturday. For about 5 years now, and I always smoked on saturday with the other workers there. It's the ONLY time I truly enjoy a cigarette. On fucking saturdays. I don't enjoy it throughout the week at all, but at work on saturday? Hell yes.

So I quit again now and honestly, I don't have that much effort with it for some reason. I quit before (so technically I didn't, but still, it lasted a year) but due to stress issues and a burn out I kept picking it up. 

But yeah this saturday is coming, 2 coworkers quit, and my boss still smokes. I have more breaks with him, we are more social together, and it's a honest time. I don't know how you call this, but it's social smoking? It's just so unfair I get more breaks when I smoke, and considered more social when I do so.

Thing is, I am not very social, but during those breaks on Saturday it's much easier and relaxing. I don't care for smoking outside of it, not on Saturdays, but the danger is coming back to it of course.

I am moving to a different country in a couple months, and then live permanently with my girlfriend. Looking forward to it, because whenever I am with her I feel 0% need to smoke. 

So now I am feeling a bit mixed up about this situation. Do I buy a pack so I can smoke on Saturday? Or do I not and feel uncomfortable? I did it before for 7 weeks of not smoking, also not on saturdays and I kept feeling uncomfortable as fuck during out the day. 

Should I try and keep it only on Saturday, until I move and start my new life where smoking has no place in it? Because it sure outweighs feeling uncomfortable on those saturdays. I've had a burn out not too long ago and simple work days like that saturday is really tough to pull off.

Sorry for rambling, I hope it made any sense. I was just hoping for some opinions on this, as it confuses me very much so. 