How it feels to be free + some tips

I'm at a point where cigarettes no longer have a place in my life, nor do they have the appeal they once had. It blows my mind that this was once such a miserable, existentially important part of my everyday life.

Only now can I really appreciate how the 2 years that I tried to quit had not been as much of a test of willpower as it was a learning process. I really needed all those relapses, doubts, internal struggles and cravings to motivate and shape me into a practicing 'non-smoker'. Abstinence is like a craft, you have to experience success and failure. Even if you tried to quit 100 times, each time was unique because experiences are never exactly repeated. So long you keep trying despite how powerless you feel, total freedom is just around the corner (trust me on that).

To me, quitting felt like stepping into the dark. I didn't know what it would feel like to go a day without smoking, or two, or three. Yet somehow I made it, and I would find myself at that benchmark numerous times. Next was weeks, then months, then back to square one, then back to months. Yet in all this I never gave up on the end-goal and I became more and more familiar with the post-smoking life. Now I realize that long-term relapse wasn't end of the world, it might be a useful skill to have if I ever find the need to smoke again in the coming years.

After a few months, I begin to see the habit for what it is. I see smoking as something like coffee or a nail-biting habit that I used to cope with life and addiction rather than something I need for life to make sense. I just feel like I've experienced everything smoking had to offer and I don't need it anymore. What once was such a devastating stressor is now just a conquest I sometimes recall.

Tips:
1. Never stop trying

2. If you are an addict, you will never be able to 'cut down' forever. Just cut it out entirely.

3. Get in touch with your body, learn about what makes you tick, nicotine is just one of many substances that gets you wired

4. Remember that the nature of addiction isn't to want less and less, but more and more

5. Smoking enters your life gradually, thus, it will exit gradually. Everything that you associate with smoking should be tackled individually. i.e morning coffee cigarette and post-sex cigarette will trigger new cravings until maybe 3-6 months later when you did everything you do on a daily basis.