What lead to you saying "I quit"?

I've been wondering lately what makes people decide to quit. With most of the people I know, it simply comes down to the cost of cigarettes or the health risks involved that causes them to try and give up. 

For me, since I'm 18, I'd been having my mum and aunt (who are smokers themselves) constantly go on at me about the damages smoking causes and the fact that it just isn't something that's worth doing. My father, who was a non smoker, passed away 10 years ago due to cancer, and this had been something that my mum kept reminding me of every time smoking was brought up in a conversation. She would keep telling me how he wouldn't have liked me smoking and that if I carry on, I could be in with a chance of getting cancer myself.

While I would just take no notice of what she was saying, it wasn't until my friends (who smoke occasionally) mentioned that I smoke an awful lot and should probably think about quitting. I had been smoking for about a year and while I'd noticed how quickly I had become addicted, I never stopped to think about just how bad I'd gotten. Within a year, I'd gone from smoking every now and then to smoking a pack a week to smoking a pack a day, and it wasn't until my friends mentioned the fact that I smoked pretty much all the time that I actually saw a problem with what I was doing.

I tried 'quitting' previously but it was more because of the fact that I had no money to buy cigarettes so therefore I'd just take a break until I'd get money so I could start up again. For an 18 year old without a job, it is an extremely expensive habit to have, and I was spending money that I didn't really have in order to fund this habit.

Eventually I decided that enough is enough and that I should listen to the people around me because in the long run, I'd probably end up ruling the day that started to smoke. I'm not going to pretend I didn't enjoy smoking, I found myself becoming more comfortable around people because of it, but the cons definitely outweigh the pros the more I thought about it. 

My uncle, who usually tells my mum ans aunt that I'm grown up now and can make my own decisions, even spoke to me about it, telling me that he has been smoke free for 35 years now after he had a stomach ulcer that almost killed him which was supposedly caused by his smoking addiction. This brings me back to my original question as to what lead to the point where you guys decided enough was enough? Was it due to health issues, the people around you making you realise quitting might be a good idea, or just waking up one day and deciding "right, I'm done with this"? For some reason I find it really interesting reading about peoples experinces when it comes to giving up smoking.