I think I might cry.

I've been smoking for something like a year or two. I know that I haven't been smoking as much as, perhaps, other people on this thread, nor have I probably smoked as much each day (I only smoked about 15 cigarettes a day, maybe more on work and school days (college)), but I still felt like a slave to it and it's made my life miserable. In between classes I would sit in my car and smoke 3 - 4 cigarettes at a go while reading, smoke a cigarette walking to and from my car, and in the mornings (recently) I would smoke in biting cold while switching hands every 10 seconds.

I have tried to quit several times, but I just did not have the willpower. I tried using an e-cigarette, but I just went back to smoking regular cigarettes on social occasions and whatnot. I've been thinking of trying Chantix, but I've heard of the terrible side effects (personally I wouldn't mind the nightmares, but the idea of it totally fucking up your mind like it did for that one guy who had flash visions terrifies me as I drive often, and with my son). 

My grandpa died of lung cancer, so that should have been a warning, but those warnings have never worked for me. I know that there's a good chance it could cause me cancer. I know that smoking is why I can't run for shit (despite nobody else in my family being able to run for shit, it's a curse unrelated to lung problems). I know that I smell bad and that my clothes reek of the odor of stale smoke. I know all of this.

My friends, and my wife, smoke as well, so there's also the social aspect of it. I remember being so pissed when Indiana passed the smoking ban because that meant I couldn't chill with my friends at Denny's and smoke while we eat. I got pissed at this one old lady who got after me for smoking on campus (a rare occasion, as smokers are everywhere, and nobody seems to really give a shit). I remember being pissed every time my wife told me that I couldn't smoke because I just had one, and doing it anyway, dragging her down with me.

But whoever posted that article on r/science about smokers who quit before 40 having similar odds in life expectancy as those who have never smoked, thank you. Because I looked at that article, and then I looked at the comments on Reddit, and I saw the name of the man I wish was still alive so that I could thank him profusely: Allen Carr.

I saw that many people had mentioned Allen Carr, and then looked at the posts here in r/stopsmoking on the thread asking what helped the most to stop smoking (the e-cigarette was the other favorite, but personally it didn't work for me, and it still had the negative cardiovascular effects of the nicotine), and found that many people also mentioned Allen Carr. Some people didn't really dig it, apparently, but nothing works for everyone.

I bought the book on my Nook and read about half of it before I needed to go to sleep so I could wake up for my 7:30AM class, and then the other half after my first class. The book completely and utterly took away my (faux) desire to smoke. I smoked my last cigarette while I was reading the book (I know it says to finish the book before you try, but I couldn't force myself to smoke), and I haven't smoked for hours since. I feel great, and instead of feeling anxious and wary of the withdrawal symptoms to come, I now want them to come. I want to feel the effects of the nicotine leaving my body, knowing that the only control it has over me is the influence it had on my mind, but that I am in control of my mind. 

I have never felt such a lack of desire to smoke. I have never felt more excited to go a complete day without smoking. I no longer face the coming days with anxious hesitation, thinking about whether or not a cigarette or two would be too bad throughout it to kind of ween me off. Perhaps I am a bit premature in writing this, as it's only been a matter of hours, but I cannot deny the feeling. I felt like a slave before, even while trying to quit, and right now for the first time ever I feel free of the nicotine trap.

tl;dr: Allen Carr is a genius.