Cinnamon toothpicks

So i quit smoking two weeks ago yesterday and had a small hiccup on saturday night when i smoked two cigarettes. I had a bit too much whiskey to drink and made a poor decision. I am back to not smoking and dont have any plans to pick it up again. I really need to focus on not allowing situations like that to get the best of me. Anyways the purpose of this post is in regards to cinnamon toothpicks. Before i set my quit date i ordered a box of them off of amazon to help kick the cigs. Long story short I havent had that big of an issue with cravings so i really haven't chewed very many sticks. We're talking at most 1 a day. Anyways i went golfing on Saturday which is one of the places that I was use to smoking quite a bit. Before i started the round i started chewing one of the sticks as normal. There were a couple times throughout where the stick seemed pretty fucking hot. I'm talking like where average is a 5 and unbearable is a 10. This would have spurts of 8-9s. I really wasn't enjoying it all that much and just decided to toss it. Fast forward to saturday night and a half of bottle of whiskey later i made the poor decision to smoke a few cigarettes. Now to get to the real question i am posing, i woke up yesterday with a burning mouth. For one, I now have fever blisters on both the corners of my mouth and secondly my tongue just constantly has a burning sensation. It feels like all my tastebuds are fucked up. Now i never have fever blisters either so that part of it is not a common occurrence. Now back to the inside of my my mouth, it feels similar to those situations when you eat too much sour candy in one sitting and your mouth just becomes raw. Happens sometimes with too many seasoned sunflower seeds as well. It is now Monday and to be honest i havent really seen(felt) too much progress as far as the interior of my mouth goes. I am posting this in hopes that someone has some insight or has had a similar situation. My assumption is this is all from the toothpick but given the delayed reaction, I can't be too sure. But once again, the fever blisters are in both corners on the tops and bottoms of my lips. Words of wisdom would be greatly appreciated. 