1 week! Fuck yeah.

I feel so goddamn awesome right now. My lungs are hurting less and less each day. I love waking up in the mornings feeling like an actual human being. Even after nights of heavy drinking I'll wake up feeling fabulous because I haven't smoked 40 cigarettes during that drinking session. It's amazing. 

My room no longer stinks of cigarette smoke. I no longer stink of it either. I feel like I *look* better as well - whether I do or not... not sure! But I look in the mirror and feel prouder of myself. I don't have to worry about buying a packet of cigarettes every single day. I've got more money to play with. I feel like I'm being good to myself. Like I'm actually valuing my life a lot more now.

In previous quitting attempts I tried the cold turkey approach and it didn't really work. I became irritable, edgy and anxious because I wasn't getting my nicotine even after three to four weeks of not smoking, which eventually led me to snap after a particularly stressful day and go back to smoking as if I'd never stopped. Now I've been using electronic cigarettes and while I know that there are no proven studies alluding to their safety, I do feel that they've *got* to be better than smoking normal cigarettes. I feel physically better. I'm still addicted to nicotine, but my goal was to stop smoking normal cigarettes and in that, I think I'm succeeding so far!

The nicotine addiction is a different beast that I'll have to tackle further down the line, but for now I feel encouraged and motivated. I feel more radiant and youthful, like I'm a proper 26 year old instead of a 40 year old with aching lungs and coughing and wheezing and stinky breath. 

I'll start reading Allan Carr's book too, I know people keep recommending it and I know I ought to check it out! But to me quitting is a state of mind in a way - now that I've switched over to electronic cigarettes, normal cigarettes seem revolting to me. They smell horrible and I imagine smoking one now would make me feel awful. Allan Carr's book may be a helpful boost either way. Nicotine doesn't scare me nearly as much as all the bad stuff in normal cigarettes do though, so even if I'm stuck with a nicotine addiction forever I'd rather use e-cigs or gum or patches than go back to real cigarettes!

I'm not a poster girl for electronic cigarettes though - they may not work for everybody and I know some people on this subreddit really dislike them if they're more concerned with quitting their nicotine addiction than quitting normal cigarettes, but for me they definitely seem to be working and they're still vastly cheaper than normal smoking. 

Overall I'm just thrilled I've gone a whole week without smoking one normal cigarette and I hope to turn that week into a month, then a year... I value my life, I don't want to die of lung cancer or any other smoking-related illness. Since I quit smoking, I feel like I might have a proper chance at life again, that I may live until I'm 80 after all, that I'll experience the coming decades and not be caught with cancer at an early age (at least not from smoking!). Whatever crutches I may need to get there, I'll take. Anything is better than those damned death sticks!

If anyone here is struggling.. well, personally I say take whatever help you can get. Being hardcore and going cold turkey can work, but if not, there's no shame in alternatives as long as you stop putting tar in your lungs!

Anyway I just wanted to post and I wish you guys all the best in quitting/staying quits as well!