Been a long time

My tag says almost 300 days, however that's not true. I haven't been on in a long time. In fact I started smoking again almost 8 months ago. the reason why I started again? 9 months ago I found out I was going to be deployed to Afghanistan (obviously military), now I'm only in the air force. But I will admit that I'm a bit of a "pussy" (so some of my brothers in arms would call me). I joined the air force because I never thought I'd go somewhere as fucked up as Afghanistan. But here I am a 21 year old kid being told that I will be sent there for 6 months. Naturally I get scared as shit. What's the first thing I do? Get drunk and smoke a pack of Marlboro southern cut. I told myself before I got there I'd quit. It's just me being nervous of going. I didn't quit before... I smoked until 3 months in. At the 3 month point, after battling weeks at a time of not smoking, I got sent to Kuwait. Much safer, didn't touch a cigarette the whole 3 months I was there. But I'm not gonna lie to you all, there was a women there that helped me not touch them, she also helped me get back into shape and appreciate a sober life. then I came back... and what's the first thing I do? I get drunk. And what do I do while I'm shitfaced? Well I take my problems out on anyone that is talking to me. That women was The person I happened to be talking to. So there I am, shitfaced and just realized how big of an asshole to the one person that was there for me and that pushed me to be the better person I could be. What next is really where i dissapointing myself... instead of realizing what I have done and fixing it by not drinking and not smoking a pack a day, I dived further into it. I'm up to a bottle + many beers a day and more than a pack a day. I really do want to quit both but I have no one to talk to. All my friends just say "maybe you shouldn't drink or smoke to much". Not "I'm here to listen to you, I want to help bring that better person out that I know you can be. What do you say we go to the gym?". I guess I'm posting here hoping that maybe some people do actually care what people are going through. And maybe I've just chose Shitty friends that care more about not getting involved in someone else's problems to help. I want to apologize in advance for the emotion dump and self loathing. But I really want to say, I need help...