My Origin, My Struggle, My Triumph.

An excerpt from a journal I started today.  

The nicotine addiction started when I got curious. I used to think addiction was STUPID. I didn't believe it was a real thing. I imagined myself to be stronger, smarter, higher willed than those who couldn't break a stupid habit. How wrong I was. I thought I was invincible at that age. I might have been in middle school.  
  
I learned to enjoy the smell of smoke. It was familiar. Marlboro reds were my mom's crutch. I wondered why people did it. I wanted to try it. It started with me stealing cigarette butts from my mom's ashtray. I would smoke what was left and listen to cool music and think I was the fucking shit. It was rebellious and new. Smoking was cool to me. Maybe it's because my role models, my family, all smoked. I don't know. I don't blame them, but they sure as fuck didn't set me a good example to follow. I couldn't blame anyone for falling into that trap.  
  
The next phase of my addiction was smoking real cigarettes (not just a few hits off a dirty butt). I would get them from my cousins usually. I thought it was fun, but I still didn't really understand it and rarely did it. Then, and I remember this as clear as fucking day, my cousin Jessica informed me I wasn't inhaling. All that time I had never drawn the smoke into my lungs, I just pulled it into my mouth. I was embarrassed and started to do it correctly, inhaling that ugly smoke into my lungs. Fuck you Jessica! I'm kidding really, I would have found out eventually anyway.  
  
I don't remember much after that. I wouldn't smoke in front of my friends that didn't smoke (so as not to ruin my image [vain fuck] ). Eventually I started getting friends to buy me packs (I was ~16) and stealing them off my mom. At 17 I became a full time 1/2 pack a day smoker, buying them from the bodega that didn't card downtown. I never told my family (except those that found out on their own) and hid it from my nephews.  
  
You would not believe the effort I put into hiding my habit from those boys. I knew I was their role model and I didn't want them to see me smoking like I saw my role models do. I always felt and still do feel that they are as much my pride and joy as their parent's. I never told my family because I thought I would disappoint them. I wish I did in retrospect. They would have helped me.  
  
At 18 I began to see the effects cigarettes had on my life. Less money, more stress, yadda yadda, health, etc. etc., too many to count really. I tried to quit January 1st 2012 (and maybe a few times before) and it failed so fucking horribly. I used cigarettes as a crutch when I went through my bout with depression and when I felt stressed out because of my relationship with my (then) girlfriend. So when I quit, and I got rid of that crutch, I fell, and I fucking fell hard. I think I broke down after 14 days.  
  
Cue late November 2012, I quit 1 week before finals. I abused marijuana for 12 days straight, but I managed to get to where I was in early 2012. After that things went pretty smoothly. Got through finals, got home for Christmas break. I was still using marijuana pretty often at that point, rolling joints to simulate cigarettes, but on December 26th I ran out. I decided I should go on a break since I was spending so much money.  
  
I then came to a very unhappy realization. Marijuana was my crutch. As soon as I stopped smoking weed my cravings for cigarettes came back and so did the mood swings. It was hell, but I survived 3 weeks, until I no longer felt like I needed the marijuana to cope. It was no longer my crutch. Now I can proudly say I have not smoked tobacco for 68 days and counting and I am able to use marijuana as frequently or infrequently as I like without depending on it as a crutch.  
  
Thank you /r/stopsmoking. Thank you for reading.