I changed my life one year ago.

Hello /r/stopsmoking! 

My story is simple. I purchased my first pack of cigarettes when i was about 17 years old. I started smoking cigarettes socially, on breaks at work, always thinking i'd be able to quit at any time. Three years after i found myself wanting to quit, my first trial showed me just how powerless i was to that nasty stick of tobacco. 

It was embarrassing to myself because i'm generally strong willed. I managed to quit for three months when i was 21 by having a small cup of water at the cooler every time i had a craving. It worked up until i went out to the bar for a friends birthday. One won't hurt, right? 

Another three smokey years go by. I've read quite a bit of material on quitting by this time. All proper quitting logic embedded into me, yet i still couldn't get myself to just drive by the gas station in the morning without stopping for a pack of smokes. Just one more, tomorrow i will definitely not buy one. 

A month after my 24th birthday i overslept by a half hour. Looking miserably at my alarm clock, i went to the bathroom to cough up the gunk in my throat, in that moment i realized that change can no longer be put off. I was losing energy by what seemed like a daily basis. I smoked cigarettes that entire day, after work i stopped by a sporting goods store and picked up a pair of running shoes and a water canteen. I had two cigarettes left by the evening, smoked them pretty much back to back, and made a mental note that those were my last two, ever. 

In the morning i felt a new sense of power, i put my new shoes on and went to work, driving right by the gas station without even looking. 

Major cravings went away after 2 - 3 weeks. I then started going to the gym 2 days a week. A month later, i was at the gym 6 days a week. It's now been one year since i've quit smoking cigarettes and i feel great, am in awesome shape, and most of all i've beaten that awful, nasty habit that was controlling my life. 

I can confidently say that i'll never smoke another cigarette in my life. Over the past year i've been inspired to help others quit as well. I'm not sure whether i want to write a short sub-100 page book or start a YT channel that can guide people to breaking the habit but it'll be something. 

Last but not least, to those who are looking to quit or are in the early stages of quitting - You are strong, you can do it, don't give up ever. Oh, and start eating better and go to the gym! :P