Sorry I don't know how to title this without sounding pretentious.

I smoked for about 7 years. I started when I was 18. I smoked on and off. I would quit for months at a time then start up later. Every time I quit it was intentionally temporary. I was never in the mindset that I was going to quit for real. I work in pretty stressful environment and most of the people I work with smoke. I personally love smoking. I never really wanted to quit. Smoking for me was like taking a little break from everything that was just about me. If I was out with friends, I would take some time every once in a while and just take a break and smoke. Also in my experience there is this bond you get with people when you smoke. I know it sounds weird but I find that I would connect with strangers that smoke. Just because we both smoked and nowadays most people look down on it. I always find that when someone smokes we usually get along great.


This time though I know I have to quit. I love smoking, I really do. But it's time to quit. I have gotten sick of the habit. I know what it does to my health, but I would just push those thoughts away and continue on smoking. I can't do that anymore. I need to quit. I hate wasting $200 a month on this crap. I'm still technically smoking. I'm using an e-cig. It was hard for me at first. Changing from cigarettes to the electronic ones, but I really can feel the difference in the way I feel. Mornings are not as bad. I'm not breathing as hard when I exercise. This is better than the things I love about smoking. 

I have already ordered my juice with low amounts of nicotine and one with no nicotine. In the next month I foresee my self getting off the the e-cig and quitting completely. It's a hard road that at times I wish I never went down originally. But I'm almost there. Getting over the cravings for a cigarette after eating, when I'm really stressed or when I just see someone smoking is hard and I'm not sure if those will ever go away, but its worth it. I'm excited so far about my progress. I know I can do it, it's just about putting in the effort and staying strong.  [This](http://i.imgur.com/8Xg6bgs.jpg) image helps me personally when I feel like caving in and having a real cigarette. It probably won't work for everyone, but for me it does. I played a lot of sports growing up and I have always been more receptive to this type of motivation rather that one geared more towards coddling (which there is nothing wrong with) tough love just works better for me. 

Sorry to just dump this here. I just needed to get it off my chest. None of my good friends smoke. They were/are all just social smokers (usually when drinking). Nobody that I know really close has actually quit before so I don't feel like they really know what I'm going through and I just wanted to explain this to people that are going or have gone through what I am right now. 