I went to give my girlfriend a kiss, and noticed the smell of cigarette smoke. HELP

My girlfriend is 20, and I'm 21.  We've been dating nearly 3 years.  This morning she comes home from an overnight shift, and I go to greet her with a kiss, and a welcome home.  That's when I smelled cigarette smoke.  I immediately drew back, and asked her if she smelled like smoke because her co-workers smoked, or because she smoked.  She told me the truth - that she smoked.  She said she's been smoking every day for the last 3 days.  In the past (when she was 15/16ish), she told me she smoked, but stopped.  Randomly throughout our relationship (maybe twice), we'd get into some argument about something, and she'd blurt out that she smoked a single cigarette.  She says she needs it to calm her down and keep her sane.  So today is the 3rd time she has come back to cigarettes, and at the beginning of our relationship, I told her I DO NOT date smokers.  I just can't stand the smell, I think the smoke is gross, and I just find it unattractive (no offense!).  I confronted her later this morning and I pleaded her to stop.  She told me that she would not - that there was no chance in hell that she would.  I then told her that I won't date a smoker, and that I wanted her to pack up (I know, sounds harsh, but I seriously, seriously hate smoke, and it's just so bad for you), to which then she agrees to stop smoking.  Smoking is just so bad in general - I can't even comprehend why she wants to do it.  We were doing great - started eating better and working out a lot more.  She has a job and so do I, so I feel that she doesn't need to smoke.  At the end of our argument, I ask her to throw away her cigs.  To which she replies "go ahead".  I told her I didn't want to do it.  I wanted to see her get out of bed, take them out of her purse, rip them up, and throw them in a dumpster.  To which she said "Why?  That's not going to teach me a lesson.  It doesn't matter.  You throw it out.".  I let her know that if it doesn't teach her a lesson, it's at least the principle.  I told her I loved her, but she was being disrespectful of my requests...she knows that was the ONE deal breaker for me...After work I'm going to try to talk to her again...I just don't know what to tell her.  I asked one of the workers that work around me if he regretted starting smoking, and he said "every day".  I don't want my girlfriend to feel that way.  And if she ever got pregnant, I don't want her to endanger my child.  It's just bad in general...Her sisters and dad smokes (but not her mom).  My dad used to smoke for 10 years, but quit cold turkey.  Everyone I talk to says that they regret it...can anyone maybe shed some light on the situation?  Any reasons to stop smoking?  Anything to tell her to help the situation?  Stories that relate or that will make her think twice about cigarettes?  Please, everything is welcome.  I just want what is best for her, and everyone around her.  Thanks, Reddit.

Edit: Grammatical corrections. +2nd time to fix spelling.