Last pack

As I start this post, I am smoking the first cigarette from my last pack. It tastes so sweet, yet so bitter.

Here's my story. I'm a 23 year old man from the south who has been using nicotine (first chew, then cigs) since I was roughly 15. Now, 8 years later, I can't (don't want to) imagine the damage I have done to my body, health, and wealth. But, that's just water under the bridge now.

Why am I quitting? There are two very important factors.

The first is my livelihood. Since I was a teenager, I have been fortunate enough to play music with some very incredible folks. It has been my bread-maker (crackers, sometimes) and the best thing that could've happened to me. I'm thankful that my calling was to be a musician and entertainer. It has entertained me as much (if not more) than the thousands of people I've seen over the years. In less than three weeks, I begin recording my first project. I am traveling out of town (one of the big "industry" towns), bartering some fantastic musicians to help me, and am ready to get this ball rolling.

I'm frightened and excited roughly equally. I'm sure you've felt that before. I cannot, however, do this to my full potential if I am not healthy. I need my lungs; I need my voice.

The second reason is a personal one. Last December, my mother passed away. She was the fiercest, most loving and caring person I could have ever hoped to have had raise me. For six years, I watched her wither away from COPD until one night, she couldn't fight it anymore. She was suffocating.

This shock led me to make a pact with my beautiful best friend that we would both quit smoking. We quit...for a little while. We picked the worst date possible (New Years Day 2013). I made it to Jan 24th. She made it until Feb 1st.

This time, I'm going to do it. I've taken other steps to improve my life (exercise, diet, minimal drug/drink), and now it's time to tackle this "smoking" thing.

I sit here finishing that first cigarette of the last pack. I just opened my first beer of a twelve-pack. I'm going to sit down, have a drunken heart-to-heart with myself, and finish this pack. If I don't finish them all tonight (I hope I do), I'm flushing the rest. I can't start tomorrow with a cig.

This is the beginning of my journey, I suppose. I've went through the initial quitting phase before (see earlier), and I know it's tough. I'm tougher. The next phase is habit. I will check in tomorrow morning once I am a non-smoker. Thank you for reading.

TL;DR - 23 y/o smoker of 8 years gets drunk tonight and quits smoking for the better of himself and others.