After celebrating two months, I want to thank this amazing community and hopefully give back the support I've been given!

[On May 31st, I decided to quit smoking on a whim.](http://i.imgur.com/1uzJl3Q.jpg) The night before, I had finished off my carton of Marlboro menthols, and was using my "emergency" pack of Reds (blech!) until I had a chance to run to the store. That afternoon, I was getting ready to take a shower, so I was having my pre-shower smoke because god forbid I go 30 minutes without one.

As I was standing on the balcony, I suddenly realized how much I hated smoking. Maybe it was those nasty reds that did me in, but I just couldn't stand it anymore. All the money I spent on it, how gross it made me smell, I just didn't want it anymore. I put out the cigarette without finishing, and contemplated quitting while I showered. In the shower, I cried just *thinking* about quitting. I felt like I was making the decision to break up with someone I loved. It was hard.

After I dried off, I brought the half-empty pack inside, dumped the cigarettes into my ashtray bowl, broke them into pieces, [and turned the faucet on.](http://i.imgur.com/lR5waC3.jpg) 

About an hour later, I regretted my decision. As the withdrawal symptoms started to creep up, my willpower started dwindling. How was I going to make it if I already was losing my drive? I was thankful that it was a Friday so my husband could be there for me for those first three days. When he got home from work, I told him I quit (he was thrilled, me not so much) and I asked him to put my credit cards into his wallet and make sure I couldn't get to them. I never thought I'd quit until I got pregnant and had to, so it was a surprise for both of us.

As the day went on, I did my best to stay strong. However, I quickly realized that I was fighting a battle unarmed. I didn't read any quit smoking books. I had no idea what to expect as far as all the emotions. I just wasn't ready for this. I am so thankful for everything my husband did for me because I wouldn't have been able to do it without him. He was strong for me when I was weak. He held me while I cried. And wow, there was a lot of crying! 

When we went grocery shopping on Saturday (which was a really bad idea because it involved a lot of triggers) I bought some really hard candy and those plastic floss picks to help me out because I didn't want to start stuffing my face. **I think flossing was a great idea and I highly recommend it - it keeps your hands busy and it replaces a bad habit with a good one. The picks are nice because you can use them while driving.**

The third day was by far the most difficult. That whole weekend, I felt devastated but I couldn't exactly explain why. I just kept crying. I kept feeling like I couldn't do it anymore. No, I didn't even want to try anymore. That night, after my husband had fallen asleep, I found his wallet with my cards and planned to go buy a pack. I stood in front of the door for what felt like forever, contemplating going to that gas station down the street. 

I woke my husband up with my crying and he was mad. I kept saying that I didn't want to quit, that I wasn't strong enough, I couldn't do it, etc. He was really frustrated after spending so much time trying to help me. He asked me if I took my card out of his wallet. I could've lied, but somewhere deep down inside me, I knew I did want to quit, so I handed it over and he put his wallet under the mattress while he slept. 

I think that third day was one of the lowest moments I've had in my entire life. I have never felt more weak and pathetic as I did then. He went to bed, and I stayed up for a little while fuming. It was late and I knew I wouldn't sleep, so I took some nyquil and went to bed.

That fourth day is when things really turned around for me. I felt like my head was a lot more clear. I found [this website](http://www.killthecan.org/robs/symptoms.asp) and it really helped me understand the psychological effects of quitting. It's for quitting chewing tobacco, but it's still nicotine so as long as you replace "chewing" with "smoking," it's very relevant and I hope it can help someone the way it helped me. 

On the fourth day, I realized that I was crying so much because I had my perception of this situation all wrong. I felt like I was mourning the loss of my best friend. Smoking had been there for me when no one else was. It calmed me when I was sad or angry, it was there through the long and lonely drives moving across the country, it was at parties with me, it was just always... there, through the best and worst. It was my support net, my crutch, my everything. 

What saved me was realizing that smoking wasn't my best friend. I just got out of an abusive relationship with my addiction. I know how corny it sounds, but it's true. My addiction took over my life and I didn't even know it. It told me I *needed* it. My addiction convinced me that I was weak and pathetic without it. My addiction was using my body, killing me just so it could be fed. 

I had to separate myself from my addiction, and it was the hardest thing I've ever had to do. I realized that I'm not my addiction, and it is not me. I felt empty and lonely at first, and I sort of had to relearn who I am. I had to turn my thinking around, and remember that not smoking makes me strong, not weak. 

Since then, I've struggled with a bit of depression over these past few weeks, but I'm beginning to feel normal again. I've had some pretty big milestones since I quit, and I'm so proud. I ran a mile without stopping - something I haven't done since I was a freshman in high school! I sat up in bed one morning and realized my hair smelled like shampoo and not like cigarettes and perfume. I started eating breakfast every day. I exercise more. I am stronger. I can go up the stairs to get to my third floor apartment without being out of breath. I can go to the movies and actually enjoy myself instead of sitting there impatiently waiting for the movie to be over so I can smoke again. 

And the biggest one I feel like? Cigarette smoke used to smell so sweet to me, and make me want one so badly. I noticed the other day when I had a whiff of it, it smelled **disgusting.** 

I feel so free. I feel like myself. I feel healthy. I'm healing.

I've saved over $200 so far, and my husband and I have made a point to go out and do fun things with that money to celebrate. We had the car cleaned out really well, we've gone to the movies and out to dinner a couple times now. It's great to have those new memories instead of lighting the money on fire.

Anyway, this turned into a bit of a novel and I won't be offended it nobody reads it. I think I just needed to get all this off my chest. 

You guys have helped me through this journey. Seeing the posts celebrating, knowing others are struggling right alongside with me. It really helps. I hope that my story can help someone too. I thought I couldn't do it, but here I am. Time slowed down those first three days, but now I can hardly believe it's already been two months! We are saving each other with this sub and I think it's so amazing. I smoked for four years, and I feel like I have a much brighter and healthier future ahead of me.