Learning to live again.

Hi, everybody!

Long time lurker, got C's in English so excuse my poor formatting or w/e.
Anyway, 21y/o male here, been smoking since I was about 16 (junior year) Been on a pack every 2 days since then.

I met this really awesome girl somewhat recently, and our favorite summertime activity was to go to her family cabin, drink copious amounts of beer and chain smoke weed and cigs.

My life has been pretty stressful recently due to some legal fines I'm paying, not having a vehicle (related to fines), my shitty dead end job that allows me to pay my bills and not much else, and I'm kindof stuck in a butthole California town where the only friends I've ever had were lazy stoners. (Stuck until I can get a vehicle again lol)

Anyway, on to quitting.
At the start of the summer, I started smoking weed heavy with my cigs. I think it started off recreational then I started to like how the weed and cigs really tailored to the way I lived, getting high, playing video games, and going to work 2 days a week. I would wake up in the morning at 6am because I had a wheeze in my chest, then go smoke and feel good and forget about it cause it would go away within 30 mins of me being awake. My girlfriend heard this one morning and it scared her pretty bad to the point of making herself want to quit lol. (I'm an inspiration)

I've tried to quit before, each attempt lasting around a month or 2, but this time I feel I have the right motivation (girlfriend, living, and I spent a bunch of time on /r/PersonalFinance) It's been 4-5 days and I feel that I'm past the initial withdraws, which sucked HARD with all of the stressful stuff going on recently. Before I quit, if I was bored or feeling anxious, I could just go smoke and get high, forget about it all and continue being the lazy ass that I was. Now that I've quit, I realize that there are better, more healthy ways to deal with my stress and anxiety that actually do GOOD for me, like working out, cleaning myself up and trying to better my situation, rather than just learn to live with it.

I have an initial drug screening for a job next week, and after that I'll probably toke up on occasion (from a vape) but my heavy smoking days are over. FOR GOOD. YEAH IT FEELS SO GOOD.   

Edit: Just an afterthought, fuck triggers. Fuck feeling like a cigarette will make things better, I know that it wont. I know that the 30 second headrush will be gone and it will be the same shit again, if I get the urge to smoke, I say fuck that noise, I don't need these substances to feel okay. I can feel GREAT without them and often times only without them.

