Keep moving forward

Well currently Im on day 10, and could not be happier I am successfully able to hang out with smokers and not be the least bit tempted to smoke. Some people I know have decided to quit as a result of me and them seeing that it really isn't as bad as some people make it out to be. They have all asked me for advice so I figure maybe it would help here too.

1. To get me through everyday first thing I do in morning is wake up and find something that is better today then it was when I smoked. I.e. not have congestion in the morning, the smell of morning air, able to taste breakfast or simply getting that extra sleep time because I don't have to smoke while I get ready so mornings go faster.

2. To deal with cravings constantly have things to put your mind to work and re focus. I did get cravings but when I did I immediately changed my activity to force my brain to re adjust and focus on a new task. Puzzles were a great way to do this. 

3. Its only a physical battle the first few days after that its no longer your body wanting to smoke its your mind telling you that you do. Take up a new hobby or something to replace it I went with exercise every time I wanted a smoke I went for a walk did push-ups or sit ups.

The last thing I told them all and its a simple line from a children's movie but hey what ever works right I told them any time I felt down or couldn't shake the feeling I just kept repeating in my head "Keep moving forward" looking to the past and how I used to be wasn't going to help because I chose that I didn't want to be that way anymore and the only way to not become that again is simple keep moving forward.

So my advice to some people that are having issue that maybe you haven't done find a quote or a saying or something motivational and make that a go too, Keep moving forward, Rome wasn't built in a day.

And to anyone who reads this that may have relapsed you didn't fail at quitting you tripped up and fell on your journey but just remember "Even if you fall on your face, you're still moving forward"
