I stopped smoking today, and I'd like to share my thoughts with y'all. 

So yeah, smoking. Yeah... 

To be honest, I'm not sure why I picked up smoking again. It's just something that sort of happened. I know why I started in the first place though, and it's pretty lame in retrospect. I worked for a company that cleared out houses and apartments that were repossessed, and everybody smoked there. I sporadically smoked weed at the time, and I picked up smoking when I noticed that everybody else got to take short breaks so they could smoke. It's not like I was not allowed to take a break, but I had nothing to do when they did. Everyone had ciggies on them, so my gateway was there, so to speak. I quit when it got too expensive, started again when I got stressed at my internship (I'm a student teacher, and my students were the devil incarnate), then quit because it got too expensive. I'd quit for about 4 months before I picked it up again. 

The reason I picked it up the last time was because I was stressed out and I felt that smoking would relieve some stress. My dad just had a heart attack and I had relationship troubles, so the smoke seemed like a good choice. It probably was an act of defiance too, because my girlfriend HATED smokers. I stopped smoking weed for her (I haven't smoked weed in a long while though, and I haven't felt like picking it up again), but this seemed like something I could do to sort of walk that edge. I threw away the pack after smoking two cigarettes, because I didn't want her to find out. When she broke up with me two months later, I started smoking sporadically. I made it a point to only buy one pack a month, just so I wouldn't get addicted again. 

We're about 6 months later now, and I've decided I wanted to quit. Today. I smoked my last few cigarettes during my break, threw out my lighter and I've committed to not smoke ever again. I've never felt embarrassed about smoking, or at least I thought so, until I bought my last pack this Monday. My commitment to lasting a month on a pack was thrown out the window a long time ago, and I could barely last a week on a pack. The only reason I didn't smoke more was because I didn't want people to find out. I never smoked around the house because I didn't want my family to find out, and I didn't smoke around my friends because I made this big point of quitting the last time and I didn't want them finding out. I hated it. 

The breaking point was reached this Monday. I was listening to a song on the radio about relapsing, and I felt so ashamed of myself. I was dedicated to quitting, but I wasn't strong enough to pull through then. I just really wanted to quit doing this. So this morning I was walking to work with a colleague who also smokes, and I light up my second cigarette. He notices and says "Geez, I never knew you were a chain smoker." and that's where I broke. I had become a chain smoker. I just felt so thoroughly and utterly fucking embarrassed that I made a vow I'd quit. For good this time. 

So I smoked up my last ciggies during break, threw out my lighter and here I am. I'm hoping that spewing the innards of my brain will help with me quitting, because I don't want to be that guy. I don't want to hide and I don't want to be stamped a chain smoker. My body likes the nicotine, but my heart can't stand the embarrassment. 

My lowest point is probably something that happened a few months back. I was visiting a friend who was trying to stop smoking, and I offered her a cigarette saying "You don't have to quit cold turkey". She's back to two packs a week now. I'm disgusted just thinking back to it. 

So yeah, here I am. I'd say that I'm trying to be a new me, but I'm actually just trying to go back to my old me. Here's to not puffing ash. 

Sorry for the wall of text.      