100

I just realized that today marks my 100th day of being smoke free. 

The longest I quit prior to this was 10 months. Started up again for no good reason at all. A close friend who I hadn't seen in years came into town. We celebrated with a cig. It snowballed from there. I failed. I was disappointed in myself. But I was fooled into believing it tasted great at that moment. That it was no big deal. 

Quitting again seemed damn near impossible. I would have the same argument with myself over and over again. "You need to quit. You are going to die if you don't. It's expensive. You stink. No one takes you seriously. You've already done it once, do it again...." 

"But the guys will never let you hear the end of it if you quit. They're just going to roll their eyes when you tell them you're quitting again. You won't enjoy your nights out if you're not smoking. It helps me socialize. I love a good cig after (meals, drives, etc.). I look badass." 

The cycle seemed never-ending.  I'd wake up weezing.  Then proceed to have this same back and forth day after day. It would work me up so much that I'd puff one to "calm" myself down. 

So what made me stop again you ask? 

1)  I watched my older brother get diagnosed diabetes and suffer a major heart attack within weeks of each other. He's in his mid 30's. He's a smoker. (He's doing well btw. Battling with quitting like everyone on this sub). 

2) I had my own minor health scare after going in for a routine physical (circulation issues and thick blood).

3)   I wanted to hug my mother without her having to smell how gross I was. 
 
4)   It was time for me to grow up. I became my own man and stopped giving fucks (not literal ones. I enjoy giving those on the rare occasions they are wanted) . I realized that I make the decisions. No one else. If my friends or anyone else didn't like it, I had a meat cigar they could puff on.

I feel incredible after these 100 days. Better than I did when I quit for that 10 month stint.  This time I didn't use a nicotine sub. It was completely cold turkey. All of my cravings are gone. All of my triggers that would call for a cig don't come to mind at all anymore. Cigarettes never come to mind, except for today when I saw a post on my front page of someone wanting to quit after already making it 9 days. This place helped me. I couldn't leave the guy hanging. That's when I noticed my flair. (I didn't know about r/stopsmoking when I quit prior).

To most people, a silly piece of flair next to a crummy username, on a website filled with pictures of cats and insecure women propping their ass up in the air, doesn't seem like anything to get excited over. 

To me, that silly little star, followed by the words "100 days", is a stark reminder that I failed, sacked up, tried again, and am now flexing huge nuts that no one, and no cigarette, will ever shrivel up. 

To everyone going through withdrawals, stay the course. It gets much much easier. You'll wonder why you couldn't do this all sooner.

Here's to another 100 days.  Good luck!

TL;DR - Cigarettes ain't got shit one me.



 