My confession

As lame as this will sound, I am going to tell you guys why I quit smoking. I have been smoking about a pack a day for over ten years and have tried to quit several times (two weeks was the longest I went). I recently started seeing this girl, and I hid the fact that I was a smoker from her. I wouldn't smoke that day if I was going to see her, and I always had mouth wash and cologne handy. We went out for about a few weeks and I was absolutely crazy about her, haven't felt this way about a girl since I was a teenager. Two weeks ago, she became distant from me, no reason at all, we went from talking and texting everyday, to a couple texts every other day. I finally confronted her about it. Turns out, she didn't find me attractive anymore ( she never knew I smoked, sorry to those who thought that was the reason ).

I was shocked, hurt and embarrassed. Now, I don't think I am an ugly person (I would rate myself a 7 or 7.5?), and I have to admit, I haven't kept myself in the best shape, smoking and sitting at a desk all day will do that to you I guess. I took a few days off work to reevaluate my life. I wasn't happy with myself either. I decided to say fuck it all!!! I am going to quit and I am going to get in shape and be healthy again. Its been three days since my last cigarette! And to be honest, I don't miss it at all! I can stress this enough, but if you are quitting smoking or thinking of quitting, exercise!!! It makes it so much easier. I have been to the gym three days straight now, and I can already feel the difference. I am sore as a mother fucker, but mentally, it feels like I have a whole new positive outlook on everything! I am already eating better (baby carrots ftw), and I am drinking a hell of a lot more water, which actually helps with minor cravings.

So there it is, I decided to quit smoking because of a girl, like I said, pretty lame. But in all honesty, I am glad she hurt me the way she did because it has made me a stronger person and has given me the motivation to get my body clean!