On the nature of addiction...

The prevailing narrative on what it takes to quit smoking is far removed from the reality of our mutual situation. It is said that quitting requires strength, willpower, perseverance, and so on. It takes strength tto lift a heavy object, it takes willpower to study for a bar exam, it doesn't require any of those qualities to quit smoking. To quit smoking, one only needs a understanding of the nature of addiction.


The most difficult step is to say "I'm going to quit". I would like to propose the question; what is it that you are quitting? Smoking has created a situation in you artificially induce pain (both physical and psychological) so that through smoking the cessation of that pain is more profound. Pain is a necessary condition for pleasure, imagine a world without pain- pleasure would be the standard operating state and thus wouldn't feel like pleasure. Smoking only serves to enhance our pain, contrary to our typical belief that smoking creates pleasure. 


Smoking enhances our pain by making our every day ordinary state uncomfortable. We escape that discomfort through smoking. The cigarettes are directly responsible for our discomfort, not our comfort. The cessation of the discomfort is what we mistake for pleasure. It isn't pleasure, it is only a temporary reduction in our discomfort- discomfort which is artificial, we're doing it to ourselve s. 


What is it that you're really quitting? Are you giving up your pleasure? Is that why you're afraid and hesitant? If that's what you believe, you've misunderstood the situation. In quitting smoking we stop enhancing our pain. We give up artificially increased pain, and as a result we also give up the pleasure of reducing that pain through smoking. It's a vicious cycle, but are you a masochist?


This pain you're feeling is exactly what you wanted. It is a necessary condition for the cigarettes to feel good. Cigarettes only feel good when you suffer long enough, for those of us who smoke every 15 minutes we can tell you that it doesn't feel good anymore. There isn't enough suffering taking place in 15 minutes to merit the response we crave from smoking. So we smoke even more, hoping that the next one will make that happen. It won't. So if you want to continue to enjoy smoking, make sure you suffer well. The rest of us will leave it behind, in the trash, where it belongs.