Four days clean. A rant.

Just going to dump some word vomit here because I know for a fact that nobody around here gets it, but jesus fucking christ withdrawal is shitty. The real stupid thing about it is that this isn't my first time quitting. I've started and quit smoking 3 times before. This is the fourth. 

Every single time I go for anywhere from a few months to a full year before something happens and I buy a pack. Sometimes I feel like I legitimately can't function without nicotine in my system.

I **hate** cigarettes. I hate them the way a normal person hates that ex they can't stop hooking up with after a beer or two. It's always just one or two here and there. And I tell myself "it's cool, I can go a few days without one, I'm not really addicted". It's just a nice way to relax and take the edge off life for a bit. A few weeks later I'm smoking one on the way to class, on the way back from class, during my break, when I wake up and before I go to bed, after meals, while I stop to talk to someone, after it rains, when I can't get something off my mind, when I want to get something done. I've suffered severe chronic depression for most of my life. For the hour or two after I smoke a cigarette, I don't feel fucked up. I feel bright and alert and friendly and hopeful and capable. That's why I keep going back to it. It puts me at a mental state that nothing else does and that feeling is so seductive and intoxicating.

I'd do it the rest of my life if I couldn't tell it's fucking me up. The *need* for a cigarette is a horrible feeling. Knowing that I can't be me without one. Knowing that I can't run for shit when I'm smoking. Knowing that without nicotine in my system, I can't think or sleep or function in social situations at all. The past four days have been nothing but a haze of being pissed off, having suicidal thoughts, and wanting cigarettes. I want to ask every single stranger I walk by if they have one. 

It'll be over in about a week. The worst of it at least. The pain and the borderline uncontrollable craving and the constant rage. I've already quit drinking. I know I can quit this for good too. I just...don't have the words to convey how shitty this is to people who've never smoked. The hardest part will be not relapsing. Again.