How my addiction manipulated me and how I kicked it in the balls.

I'm 21, been a pack-a-day smoker for 5 years. During that period, I managed to quit twice for two months. 

The first time I quit smoking because I wanted to see how far I could go. Apparently, two months.

The second time I quit because my gf asked me to (asked, not forced). Then we went to a wedding two months later and she said that I could light up if I wanted to. That's all I needed to hear and I started smoking again.

Now, the thing is that both of those times I didn't quit smoking because *I wanted* to quit. The first time it was to test my willpower, the second out of respect towards my gf.

But something happened after I started smoking again at that wedding. I felt really bad for smoking. Since then, my relationship with cigarettes was not the same:

Every week since then I smoked an entire pack in just one day of the week. Basically 1 day smoker, 6 days not. The reason behind this is that I still enjoyed smoking, but every time I did, I felt bad. I realized that smoking gave me some pleasure, but it was never as good as my mind told me it would be when I had cravings. Basically my mind manipulated me by making me think "dude, imagine how fucking awesome a cigarette would be right now". But when I light up, I just think "it's not *that* good".

I realized my addiction was manipulating me. Before that I thought "I don't want to quit something I like doing". Now I think "I won't let that fucker trick me, I am way stronger than he is."

Now for the first time ever, I quit because *I wanted* to. I want to get rid of the manipulating asshole that lives inside my head, I want to make my own decisions. 

Every time I have cravings and I'm around other smokers, I fantasize about smoking for a short moment, and then I just think "I am really going to regret it if I light one up, so the 5 minutes of not-that-awesome pleasure as my mind tells me would be, are not worth it."

I also started jogging because I want to "heal" my lungs, if that makes any sense. I have never felt so strong in my life. 

Also, now that I am smoke free, I realized how much smokers stink. Seriously, when you smoke, you just can't smell your own stench. But when you quit, other smokers just smell like shit. I was a little ashamed when I realized I smelled like this for 5 years. I also thought "now I understand why my girlfriend, apart from the health issues, didn't want me to smoke."

Hope that helps you guys. Thanks for reading.