Just quit a few days ago and I'm having terrible nightmares...

Hi to you all, I'm new here.

As the title goes, I decided to quit smoking a few days ago while I was having a bad flu which led to bronchitis. On top of it all, my long-term boyfriend has severe asthma and I've felt guilty about what I might be doing to his health for a while now, even though I try to avoid smoking around him. 

I've been smoking for ten years now, since I was fifteen. I grew up in a country where cigarettes where cheap, easily available (regardless of age) and socially acceptable.
 
The first day was okay; I was still ill and the idea of smoking didn't appeal to me at all as I was coughing my lungs out. 
By the second day I started to experience waves of anxiety. 
I went to the store to buy some 4mg nicotine gum. 
Regardless of that, I started having terrible insomnia and nightmares that night. I'm now on my fourth day and the nightmares and insomnia won't cease. 

I haven't slept properly and I'm starting to feel desperate. 
Last night I vividly dreamt that my boyfriend (who is an amazing person) tried to kill me while I was searching the house for cigarettes. It was incredibly disturbing and I woke up literally crying. 

I need to be back in university by next monday (I've had a holiday this week) and since about half of my classmates smoke, I have a bad feeling I will relapse. I almost feel like the gum is only making me want to smoke more. I should be completing coursework this weekend, but I can't concentrate, I'm seriously depressed and anxious. This is the first time I've tried to quit. It's now almost 6am and I still can't sleep. I'm afraid to go to sleep. At the moment, I'm staying at my parents place and both of them are chain smokers. The smell of cigarettes is everywhere. The packs are lying out in the open. I just popped another piece of gum and it helps a bit, but I worry that it will only prolong the addiction. Besides the relief only lasts for a short time before the intense anxiety and craving hits me again.

Is it normal to still feel intense withdrawal symptoms while chewing nicotine gum? Is it normal to have terrifying nightmares? When will they end? I have 8am classes every day and I need to be able to sleep and concentrate. What should I do? At the moment I'm really close to stealing a cigarette from my parents and only my pride is keeping me from that act. All I want to do is sleep.

I've been thinking of buying a vaporiser, but they are rather expensive here (especially for a student budget). 

I really need some help. Thanks in advance for any advice you can offer.