Read this and Never Relapse! I promise.

People relapse because they can't control themselves when urges hit them. They sort of go into auto pilot mode and relapse. People do this again and again. They are are stuck into this cycle. They make many vows, promises and self talks, but they all seem to be useless. 

 

**I won't bullshit around i'll come straight to the stuff :-**

People relapse because they are unconsciously doing it. Their smoking habits are installed in their sub conscious mind. Their urges originate from the sub conscious. *So in order to control the unconscious we must make it conscious.*

 

Fair enough, it makes sense that if you somehow make the unconscious activity into conscious activity then you could control it, Because we can easily control the conscious.

 

Now how do you make the unconscious thought conscious ? 
Answer is simple - Observe it, become aware of it. Become a 100% witness to the arising thought. OR meditate on it. 

 

Meditation is method by which one can increase the level of consciousness dramatically high. See consciousness and unconsciousness together makes 100% mind. if you are 10 % conscious then its obvious that you are 90% unconscious. Even scientists have said that we only use 1% or 2% of our brains. So it makes sense to meditate. People from nofap and pornfree have reported to experience less urges, more joy, more dopamine, more happiness in their lives. 

 

So in order to remove your smoking addiction (or any other) you must increase your consciousness. 

 

Ways to Increase consciousness- 
 

Meditation
 

Yoga
 

Prayer
 

Living in present
 

Eating less
 

Vegan diet
 

Practice qigong / kungfu
 

Pranayama
 

Avoid sugar
 

always try to speak less
 

Avoid coffee
 

In short live like a monk, These are the traditional methods of increasing consciousness. I hope you find joy and happiness in your lives again and win over this addiction. Love and peace. 

 

Sources -
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VfSHW4Fk26w


