I literally have no coping mechanisms outside of smoking

I'm only  about to turn 21 but I started smoking when I was 12, so about 9 years ago. I have had problems managing anxiety since my early teens, and I'm finally taking the steps necessary to try and gain control over it, it's just going to be a long process. 

My main motivation for wanting to quit is superficial in that I feel like I'm destroying my looks. I finally stopped being plagued by shit loads of acne, but the texture of my skin overall is still pretty gross, and I know that a lot of the problem is from smoking. I'm showing some clear signs of premature aging, and that's incredibly hard on the ol' self esteem. But beyond that, I want to regain control of how I'm managing my day to day life..

I have attempted quitting before, and both times relapsed (2 days, and then 10(!) days on another attempt) due to some unexpected stress or another, usually pertaining to my family and their general dysfunction. Even though I've made some progress in addressing my mental health, I'm basically on a waiting list for 4 months until the "real" process begins. So until then it's more or less one day at a time, and some days are worse than others. I literally depend on cigarettes to maintain composure when some trivial thing is threatening to set me off. Having started so young, I grew up around cigarettes being my go-to option, even when it came to minor, every day stresses. I'm working on managing my emotions, but cigarettes have always been a major, major part in said management. 

Thing is, I don't think I'll ever be "ready" to quit as in there will never be a point in life that's guaranteed to run smoothly and stress-free, so unless I can come up with some real coping mechanisms, I'm always going to have a "reason" to continue. A part of me is saying to just wait until I have my anxiety fully under control, then I'll be better prepared. But that's in four months, and it'll take time until I'm actually benefiting from whatever treatment I may receive. 

Currently, I'm unemployed because my anxiety was really heightened in my customer service job. I have an opportunity through a family member to begin a decent job in August, but I just know I'll use the stress of a new job to not quit, again. 

It seems logical to quit before I'm obligated to go forth and function in a work place setting. I feel like committing to quitting is committing to temporary insanity, and it'd be a lot less stressful to do that while my schedule remains relatively free.

I don't mean for this post to be so rambling and self indulgent, I guess just any insight or advice would be appreciated. Thank you for reading

    