Yesterday was my quit date, and I didn't even plan it! [crosspost from /r/electronic_cigarette]

Lately, I'd been thinking about quitting. A lot, actually. I've been smoking between 1 and 7 cigarettes a day for the past two years and I've finally had enough. My lungs are sore, I can't sing anymore and now I'm coughing not just in the morning, but throughout the entire day! 

So I started to look into my options. I was really interested in e-cigarettes because they address the psychological component of the addiction. Unfortunately, where I live, e-cigarettes are very controlled. There are no physical stores you can visit, so there are no experts you can talk face to face with about what e cig might fit your needs the best. 

Other than the cheap, disposable ecigs at convenience stores, the only options available are online stores. But then you have to wait for it to be shipped and such. Plus starter kits can cost a pretty penny, which I'm fresh out of at the moment. 

But I seriously needed to stop smoking ASAP or else I'd probably hack up a lobe. I couldn't keep this up. 

So yesterday, my friend asked me to pick her up a pack of smokes on my way to her place. I went to the convenience store, asked for the pack, and right in front of me on the checkout counter was a display with disposable electronic cigarettes.  I thought, *what the heck? It can't hurt to try.* 

I was skeptical. Most of the ecig forums online said that convenience store brands are off-putting and not worth the time. So I wasn't expecting much. 

As my friend lit her smoke, I took my first pull of the ecig.  

I was impressed. 

It was grape flavoured. It tasted great! There wasn't a throat hit since it was nicotine free, but the vapor that I breathed out made it sort of feel like I was smoking. It was actually quite pleasant to be able to partake in a smoke break with a pal, but not have to worry about the coughing that would ensue later that evening.

This morning when I woke up, I wanted a smoke. Really badly. But instead, I got dressed and smoked (well, "vaped") my ecig as I watched some TV. Afterwards, I didn't feel as though I needed an actual smoke! 

If tomorrow and all the days that come after are as manageable as today, quitting's going to be a lot more possible than I thought! 

I can already feel my lungs getting better! So here's to day two! :) 
