Almost a week - today is a bad day. Words of encouragement?

Ugh. I am committed, like I said when I joined, but jesus I want a cigarette right now. I know it will pass. I know it will be ok. But I had a long day at work, I'm tired and irritated, and I'm bored and I'm lonely. It's the last two that get me the worst. I don't have a lot of friends around this town yet and since I work again tomorrow, I can't go out and do anything too exciting to get my mind off things. Can't see my boyfriend tonight or anything either. Which is ok, I need to be able to do this by myself. If it's the bored, lonely moments that are the worst, I can't keep avoiding them. 

Anyway I just want something to do with my hands, I want something to settle my anxious stomach, I want something to get me outside, but it's raining or else I'd take a walk. I have a lot on my mind today and that's exacerbating the problem, as I mostly smoked to self-soothe through anxious episodes. 

I do have this advantage though - I know that at this particular moment, the desire to smoke is only partly a nicotine craving. It's mostly that I need to replace my self-soothing rituals with something healthier, since I'm having a moment of anxiety. The problem isn't that I'm not smoking, it's that I'm nervous now with no distractions and I need to get to the bottom of why and how to deal with that. Doing that can get my mind off smoking. Right?

While I've admitted that I'm craving bad right now, I will also say this: my lungs are clearing out, and last night was the first night I went to bed without wheezing in a long, long time. I know there's still more to go, but already air feels so much... airier. I took a long drive yesterday and rolled my windows down and instead of smoking and coughing, I just *breathed*. Everything smells so good! It's spring! I can smell green things and oxygen! So little things like that are making things more bearable. 

I can do this. I can do this. No slipping up, or I'll just make excuses. Almost a week! 