I'm struggling to quit these damn things.

Hello all, I'm new to this subreddit as of today, and have just spent the last hour reading some of the stories and things people are going through. There were some great reads, and I can relate to many of them.

This is my first week of trying to give up cigarettes, and so far it's been very hard. I'm only 20, and started smoking at age 16. Back then it was just for social occasions, but it escalated as time went on. I feel kind of embarrassed at posting this, seeing as some of the people here are give up after 15+ years. I've always told myself I could give them up whenever and it wouldn't be a big deal, but yeah, I was wrong. I'm going through about 10 cigarettes on an average day, and about 20-25 on a night out. I know that doesn't seem a lot, but it really hits after meals, and whenever I drink alcohol. Right now I'm sitting in my dorm room in college craving a cigarette to the point of tears. I've decided to do this after a night out last week. I woke up with a bad hangover, and the throat of death. It was the combination of feeling shitty, everything smelling like smoke, and ash and bits of rolling tobacco all over my floor. I just made a conscious decision that I can't keep doing this, and threw away the rest of my tobacco. 

Since then, I bought an e-cigarette that has helped a bit. It said it had the equivalent of 50 cigarettes worth of nicotine, and I had it gone in less than 2 days. That was on Thursday and the fear of having nothing as a back up kicked in. I had to stop myself from walking to the shop and buying tobacco today, I was halfway there and turned around. I really don't know if I can last another week, or even another night out. I find myself being easily annoyed and get frustrated a lot, assignments are starting to pile up, and I can't even look at them. It would be great if I had someone to quit with, my friends are all smokers. I've had to ask my friend to leave my room and go to the balcony to smoke, so I wouldn't have to watch.

Anyway, thanks to anybody who reads this, I just needed to get this off my chest. If anybody has advice on how to keep my mind off them I'd really appreciate it
