Reflections at 1 month 11 days 17 hours (and probably 18 when I finish wandering through writing this post :)

Hi everyone! 

Right now there are more quitters lurking in this sub-Reddit than days I have smoke-free. There are 20,566 Quitters subscribed, and if you multiply that population by 15, the product will be roughly the number of cigarettes I have smoked in my life (25 x 365 days x35 years).

We all know what smoking is like, and I'm not going to tread over that road here. I do want to share why I stopped, which I hope could act as a catalyst for those who want to stop and a motivator for those who are in the process of stopping.

Over the years I had two types of 'prompts' surface in my brain about stopping smoking. 

The first was filled with all of the energy of the scumbag addict lizard brain: "Yeah you better stop, you self-hating piece of shit. You smell like an ashtray. Your skin is grey. You're coughing-up all kinds of goop." And so on. The self-destructive energy of this message just drove me to grasp a smoke and light it and draw on it with all of the loathing sucking I could muster. Exhaling, I'd hold out my the cigarrate in front of me and tell it, "Fuck you." Of course, I was really saying "Fuck me..." in that moment, hanging from the hook. 

This energy is not really negative at the core, but I feel more I could more accurately describe it as 'hopeless and desparate' with a mix of 'sad and lost'.  I did, after all, buy only single packs, not cartons, for the past 20 years, because 'I was going to quit, so buying cartons wouldn't make much sense now right?'. I also used the trope of 'everyone tries ten times before they stop' (bullshit, and possibly made-up by the tobacco companies!) to visualize myself trying and failing so what's the point?? Twenty years of teetering on making the commitment -- but never taking that first step of stopping.


The second type of energy is the source of what we bring into life because *it is life*. It's positive, constructive, creative, and affirming energy. I don't know where this energy came from, when it started intruding on my self-destruction, but I don't believe I could have made the commitment to stop smoking without it. At least, that's how I feel.

I got sober many years ago. I had over six years and slipped. Got sober again, and slipped. It's not what I want to get into here, but it's part of my story. When I put down smoking, I was approaching a year-and-a-half sober again. I bring this up because all through my sober time since 2001, I alway felt 'dirty' and 'not really recovered' because, even though I was sober from booze, I still smoked! I felt my disease was hiding in my smoking and killing me that way instead. 

Smoking was depriving me of feeling really clean and sober and caring for myself, and this fact (for me) emerged stronger and stronger into my view of reality. I think this helped produce the life-affirming energy to help me stop. Also, a buddy of mine stopped a month before I did. This helped as well. I didn't think he could do it, but he has. Well...haha...could say the same for myself (as he would too!). 

The past month (and 11 days, and yes now 18 hours) has been, and I'm not a religious person, a miracle for me. I spent my 14th birthday celebrating with my first smoke. I spent my 15th birthday celebrating with my first drink. I spent my 38th birthday in medical detox for alcoholism. And now I spent my 50th birthday smoke-fuckin-free. Yes!

I am astonished by how much easier this has been than I thought it would be. Days 1 to 4 I spent on holiday near a lot of peace and quiet in nature. I have been on the patch, so yes I am still a happy little nicotine using addict, but I'm not smoking. The first day was hard but I did it. I tried to read Allan Carr for support. I walked and walked and walked. I did a lot of conscious deep breathing. One craving at a time. I used QuitIt app on my iPhone to record the hours and minutes and checked it a lot and congratulated myself for not smoking at each and every urge that I didn't cave-in to.

A few hours became almost a day. I peeled off my patch right at the moment I felt like I was going to fall alseep, knowing I had one and a pair of scissors handy for the morning (or the middle of the night!). As a newly birthed ex-moker, the first four days crawled by. My phone app has some health benefits, and after day one, a new benefit came up! I read it like a houndred times the next day every time I got a craving. I still remember when it went from counting hours and minutes to counting days and hours and minutes! I really recommend an app like this -- it keeps track so I can just breathe and be in the present.

Another thing that has helped me stay smoke-free is understanding that, since I'm on the patch, my scumbag lizard brain wants me to smoke because it is fixated on killing me! Putting a smoke in my mouth when I'm getting the drug already is some pretty serious self-destructive behaviour. So I focus on (1): self-affirming that I am getting the nicotine, so relax and don't smoke; (2) this period of being on the patch is to remember actions and behaviours that are my real non-smoking self -- that the real me never did smoke, never wanted to, and will be in charge from now on!

On the matter of re-setting actions and behaviours....easy does it. It won't happen all at once. Once I got back home after my holiday, I settled into routine. That means a smokers routine, with all its attendant triggers. I found not only did I have to overcome the urge to put a cigarette in my mouth, but now also fight against the current of behaviours that support the smoking me.

But I affirmed that my scumbag lizard brain was getting its drug, so I have gradually and steadily made some in-roads into re-structuring my daily routines that support the real me, the non-smoker.

It's still challenging at times, but I know now how do-able it is! And it is, overall, getting easier. There are moments of urges that seem harder, but that's just a trick -- it is getting easier so urges tend to come on now with more of a surprise, A-ha! effect. This might have to do with going from the 21mg to the 14mg patch in the past week. I swore I'd follow the instructions, but I jumped ahead to the 14mg two weeks early. I am good now with this. I wouldn't have done so if I really didn't feel ready.

My app also keeps track of money saved :) So I've been investing it in massage treatments, chiropractic, and acupuncture. I feel really nurtured and supported by my therapists, friends, and family.

**A few benefits that have surprised me:**

I used to go to sleep with an air-exchanger running because the sounds of my own wheezing would keep me awake. Even if I coughed-up the phelgm, more would accumulate just as I was drifting off and wake me up. This stopped after only a few days. No more wheezing. I do hack up some awful blackish brown bits from parts of my lungs that are coming out of a pulminary coma, and I expect to do so for a while. Better out than in!

Seems I have revitalized nerve endings and capillaries. The external change is colour in my face and palms. Internally, I am smelling and tasting again. I am feeling again in my toes, fingerpads, and even some welcome pain and soreness in my joints. *All* nerve endings and capillaries are waking up, and -- did I identify as male yet? Okay, well I just did. Add this transformation to the fact that I don't smell like and ashtray anymore, and I feel like my self-esteem has turned 180 degrees. 

So that's my ramble. I hope anyone who reads this finds some inspiration to stop now. Every day not smoked is a wonderful gift, a new life, and new kind of freedom I seem to have a clear memory of from long ago. You can do it. It's not easy, but if I, a pack a day smoker for 35 years, can do it. So can you. Good luck :)
