How i stopped smoking permanetly

So, i started smoking when i was 18-19 (23 now) and I've stopped for good sometime during early 2014. I've had a lot of struggles with stopping and would always somehow find myself with a cigarette in my mouth. When my mom found out about my habit, she would yell and scream about it all the time which caused me to feel really shitty about myself. I never got the message from her that i should quit for my health, she only expressed her disappointment in me and i was already depressed during my smoking period which made me even more depressed. I honestly just wished that she would ask me what led me to doing such a dumb thing instead of telling me that she hated me for it. Bugging and pressuring people to stop something when they're hurting doesn't work. I had to realize why it was bad for me on my own.

One day, after many failed attempts (failed because i didn't really WANT to quit) i had a realization. I was working hard to earn my money. I hated throwing around money and buying useless things but here i was giving all my money away to this habit. When you buy something, it should benefit you right? That's the point of giving away your hard earned money. But...i wasn't giving away my hard earned money to get something good. I was giving it away to get death. I was literally paying to kill myself and i realized how stupid i was being. 

I asked myself what led me to this stupid habit of paying to shorten my life. What an illogical thing to do. Then i realized it was because i gave no fucks about my health or whether i would live long or die young. This is very problematic and since this realization, i haven't bought a pack or smoked. Now even the smell of smoke makes me sick. I've changed my overall lifestyle, i eat healthy, i exercise and I've started to give a fuck about my life.

Quitting smoking isn't only about programs or steps (although everyone is different. If that's what works for you, stick to it. As long as it gets you to stop). It's also about your mentality. You either want a better life, or you don't. It's all up to you. If you really WANT to stop, just do it. 