How do I really commit?

Hey all,

My nicotine addiction started last year around this time when I took up buying cans of dip, but the combination of the high price of a can and the lack of time to actually enjoy it while on the 10 minute breaks at work got me to switch to cigarettes.  Just a few months ago I started to want to quit and stopped buying cigarettes but mistakenly gave into buying swisher sweets instead, which I know must be much worse for me, as a way to "reward" myself for not smoking for a long period of time.  Well a long period of time started out to me as a good 8 hours to a day, but now its back to the point where I basically buy swishers daily and smoke them the same frequency I would cigarettes only because I'm now used to them.

The thing I struggle most with is my commitment to quitting, and I can't seem to understand what causes it.  I practice meditation pretty regularly, and one of the tips I came across to quit was to bring more awareness to the act of smoking and how it affects me.  I use to smoke and feel fine throughout smoking and fine if not "better" afterwards too minus a bad taste here and there.  Since I've brought more awareness in, I'm at the point where smoking these swishers is basically choking myself and I feel nauseous and much more anxious than I did before lighting up that time.  

This is where I don't understand what's happening.  Every time I get that sickly feeling and want to do nothing but lie down for a while, I tell myself this has to be the time. I seem so unbelievably adamant about it too, like I've never been more sure of a decision in my life.  The logic is clear, there is not one argument I can make saying it helps me feel better, because I know from repeated experience for months that it does no such thing.  Next thing I know, whether it's in a few hours or the next morning, my brain seemingly flips.  It's not just that I have a craving and unknowingly give in.  I realize the craving and my brain immediately jumps to telling me I don't wanna quit, that it doesn't have to make me feel sick, that I might as well just accept where I'm at and wait til a better time.  I've even stood at my doorway for 10 minutes, when I was just on my way to buy some more swishers, realizing that that exact situation is the one I need to overcome to stop smoking.  And I just stand there and it feels like even though I have all this information and all the facts it's like I still know almost from the start that i'm going to give into myself "just because".  and "just because" never ever actually has a better reason behind it other than I almost feel like I deserve it.

I guess what I'm asking is, are there any tips that might help me when getting through that one rough patch?  It's like my desire to quit comes and goes no matter how much I want it to stay.  And even when it stays for a while I give into myself in the face of stress "just because"