Here I am, 1 week no smokes!

It's been interesting.  Last weekend I was away on a bowling tourney and I told myself that when I got back I would really start to quit, I had already been cutting down to make it as easy as possible on myself.  Well  when I got back on Tuesday I was feeling kinda sick, same Wednesday.  When I wake up Thursday, I feel like garbage.  Time to go to the doctor, $150 later... I got Bronchitis.  When I was younger it was strep, or just a bad cough... the older I got the worse the sickness due to smoking became.  I don't wanna turn up like my dad with pneumonia every year.  This is the main reason I am quitting. 

Well the silver lining is that because of being sick, I didn't bowl Thursday night.  Bowling is my toughest time... especially when your boyfriend and most friends smoke.  Friday I still wasn't feeling well so I took it easy.  Saturday came and guess what I had planned for the day?  You got it... bowling (catching on to the pattern here?)  Well another thing that helped is that I can't drink while on this medicine.  Also... it was 4/20... "International cannibas culture day".  I know I shouldn't be leaning on one vice to ease out of another, but in this case, I feel like it's helping.  Once the need or uber want for a cigarette is out of the way, the pot smoking will go back to normal.

Last night was the worst so far.  Which I shouldn't complain about, a week in.  I was at league.  4 people including me on a team, all of them smoke and drink.  It also didn't help that I bowled like shit, which just makes the want for the smoke that much greater.  

But I prevailed!   Still smoke free!  I am proud of myself... I am even proud of my boyfriend for not getting all mad at me when he was getting major withdrawal attitude from me.  He didn't understand why someone who is going through nicotine withdrawals, bowled like shit and isn't in the least bit inebriated around her inebriated friends would get so annoyed about the little things...

Ah, anyway... I guess I just wanted to talk about my experiences over the last week... Maybe someone will relate and feel good about themselves too.

Thanks for being here /r/stopsmoking !!