First Day Blues (a "discourse" on the first steps of a new trajectory)

I've decided to quit smoking cigarettes. I do still smoke marijuana but on rarer occasions and it's never been a problem for me but I'm quitting cigarettes cold turkey. I need to quit cigarettes cold turkey and I need to get my life under control. I need to begin exercising. I need to begin studying. I need to start chipping away at my huge reading list. I need to move out. I need to find a companion. I need to begin writing. And I need to stop needlessly procrastinating. 

I went through a pretty intense experience yesterday, which I'd rather not speak about. I came out with a split lip but most importantly realized how dependent I am on the people and things in my life. People and things that in hindsight appear to have had a toxic influence on me, despite the good. I've been without anything productive to do for some time now, mostly just fucking about on the internet and pretending I'm making progress. I'm supposed to be a writer but I haven't so much as written a short poem in a year. It's not writer's block or a lack of new ideas, it's simply a void in productivity which I've successfully blamed everything and everyone for except the only one really responsible, myself. 

But my split lip now stands as a symbol of the truth, a crack in a shell to reveal its true contents. I need to stop smoking cigarettes because I need to stop killing myself and start killing the dependency and weakness in my life. Every time I lose focus, I hope to turn to my newly-scarred lip and remember what I stand to gain, what I stand to lose, and who I will regress into should I falter. This isn't enough however, so I've come to post here. 

I suppose I just need to get my thoughts together and realize my goals. I might just as well be able to delete this post once I'm done but I'll post it anyway. I apologize in advance for its lengthiness and general lack of cohesion.

I want to be a writer. I don't want to be a dead one sooner than I should. I also have other career aspirations but for now I want to focus on the one. I also have a huge reading list which has been growing rather than shrinking as I insist on adding books to it. I want to be able to read at a steady pace everyday. Even if I take all the time that I ~~have~~ had a cigarette with and use it to read, I'll be satisfied. I want reading to be my new cigarette.

I need to go back to school, which coincides with my goals. I like school. I didn't like smelling like cigarettes and rushing out to have one versus taking the time to enjoy others. This was somewhat of a handy excuse. I didn't make friends after class because I wanted a cigarette, and I didn't speak to people while I had my cigarette because I wanted to enjoy it. I want to be more social. I really want to be more social. I know I just need to have more experience. I'm not hugely awkward, I am awkward but I make this a character feature not a flaw, I think. But I don't know how to say things. I'll have the perfect comment, question, statement, compliment, opinion, etc. but it never comes out right. Not what I wanted to say. Not even close.

I live with my parents and brother. I want this to change. I love my city, I grew up here in New York, but it is a very expensive city so finding an apartment is a pain. I have a shitty freelance writing job online that I can get 200-250 a week if I actually work at it. I don't. I want to change this. When I sit down to work I always think about how I'm going to reward myself with cigarettes through intervals or faux milestones. This is senseless and truly distracting. If I got my shit together, I could move out maybe. I don't have space in my current place, it makes finding the nerve to write truly difficult. This is an excuse but it still has some truth to it. I need to suck it up and find some way though. Maybe I'll go to the library. I need to move out. I need my own space.

I recently got out of an intense relationship a couple of months ago. I dreamt about her for the first time in a long while last night. It was nice. I cried in the morning. 

My entire world crumbled to shit yesterday. I may have my support system but I can no longer turn to anyone and retain my dignity and self-respect. It will only push me into the same vicious cycle of self-loathing and crippling ennui. I need to rebuild. I need to destroy the excess around me and build myself in a new image, one that I can be proud of, with principles, with drive, with a newfound sense of self-reliance.

I've always needed and wanted these things but this time, it's different. I no longer have the luxury of failing. I no longer have the chance to make another mistake. I need to do all of this quickly or I fear I will be lost forever. And now everyone I love and loved is watching me, waiting for me to fail, hoping, maybe.

I've heard that a man gets three and only three life-changing opportunities in their lives. If this rings any true, this is my third and final one. So much has been said, so much has been done, so much has changed. I need to act fast. 



>**TL;DR**
>
>Mostly getting bullshit off my chest and realizing my need to make several cold turkey lifestyle changes, quitting cigarettes being among them.