Need life advice and tips to quit smoking, long rant , sorry!

Okay where to start, life is bland right now. It's not that I have any suicidal tendencies or something. But it does not make sense to live. Maybe a good future is there, but the present is really taxing.
On the outside to a second person, I am damn awesome. But inside , I feel worthless and rot in misery. Sometimes I feel like I am conjuring all this up to hide or bring up a reason for my laziness.
I have a dysfunctional family, some terrible incidents happened to my family during my teen years.

So here it goes.
I am the eldest of the family and my parents don't get along, constant fights over silly issues. Mother OCD about cleanliness. Never ever had the feeling of a loved family. A freak incident and we cut all ties to our relatives. So we were a nuclear family thrust into a space. Nobody to connect to. The bad part was we ourselves could not connect to one another. I moved out to pursue my engineering in a big town. Now here , I was emotionally inept and tried to get in to relationship with a couple of girls who downright rejected me. Perhaps they saw my neediness oozing out.
Phew again demoralized. I also did not study my engineering properly. Because it was an excellent college. I somehow got a job. I am doing pretty good at the job. But I have a hard time adjusting the pressure and powerplay the people do here. The project I work now into is shit. Basically I am kind of managing the project being just a year experienced. I think it is all again my childhood incident where I was thrust upon to take responsibility.
I am constantly under anxiety, mood swings and irritability. Was using porn as an escape which has become a huge issue now and also smoking and drinking which I have started a year back. I do them to relieve the pressure and feel like supreme shit afterwards.
I got a promotion in one year coz I worked my ass off , only due to fear that I will be thrown out of my job. Such low is my self esteem. Also I suffer from the impostor syndrome.
I have huge interest in Music , esp EDM and thats probably the thing that is keeping me alive. I want to make it as a DJ where I can play and absorb myself in music. I think music is the greatest thing in this world.But I dont see any of it happening with all neuro stupid syndromes I have.
I am also limerent , you can google if you want the term. That shit is bad. My LO is an office co worker, gladly is in other project. I asked her out twice, which she declined. And that makes me feel even more worth less.
I am trying to quit smoking badly  but it seems to relapse conjoined with drinking and fapping . I feel very bad that I am wrecking my life. I am under constant stress that the so called awesome life of mine outside will crumble to shit following a chain of incidents. Nothing has happened so far, but it is the anticipation that it will.
I also sketch and write a bit and I am trying to learn the guitar. was very happy the first week or so.See I am taking steps, but after a moments silence , the emptiness all of it comes crushing back and life becomes pointless.
I could pursue women to fix myself, but I know that is neither the answer nor do I want to get my heart broken again. All said i am a little glad that my attempts to get into relationship failed. It could be even more disastrous.
I try to hit the gym sometimes , it does work. but my emotions and my work makes me feel shitty.
And I dont know what is wrong with me, sometimes suddenly I feel like I m on top of the world. And the next moment one slight thing Im six feet under wallowing in grief.
 
Smoking is a real pain in the ass. Please please help me out guys
