Former heavy Marijuana user- Quitting after 8 years 25/F

As a heavy marijuana user for the past 8 years of my life, IT IS possible to kick your smoking addiction even if you rely on getting high every couple hours to get through the day. I should know, I use to wake and bake, go to school/work, get high on my lunch break, and then come home and smoke at least 3 more bowls. Once I was home, I would load bowls for myself until I passed out in front of the TV. I was smoking about 1g a day, and was spending all my money at the dispensary or streets (whichever connect came through first). For a while, everything was great- I was a college student with a job and I had a low overhead so I spent all my money buying weed. I didn't care because it was the only thing I felt worth spending my money on.

I resumed this pattern of life post college- and continued smoking pot in graduate school. I told myself I would quit once I found an internship but I actually smoked even more due to stress. Last year, I graduated with my Master's degree and realized it is time for a life change.

My family is against smoking so it was a secret I kept from them. My friends are all stoners so it was easy to keep getting high with them. However, soon I found myself dipping low in money because I was in between graduation and finding a full time career. Even with only a few dollars in my bank account, I still bought weed. I began to feel guilty and started resenting myself for the behaviors I cannot control.

By this point, I was convinced getting high is part of me. I felt I couldn't stop because it was all I had. As my anxiety about graduation and finding a job grew, so did my appetite for pot. I started buying cannabis in ounces just to make sure my jar was always full. I would feel panic attacks whenever my jar was getting low.

This anxious/self-punishing behavior went on for many more months before I realized I was becoming a piece of crap. I didn't like my messy appearance and wasn't happy with myself anymore. It took me 8 years to realize what the effects of marijuana had done to me. BUT I still loved getting high (especially alone in my house) and struggled a lot.

I attempted to "quit" on my own. It was a total lie. I would pretend if I only smoked 2 bowls in the morning, I was "decreasing" my amount. However by mid afternoon, I would be so anxious that I ended up smoking again. Night time was the worse- I cannot be alone with my thoughts and felt I needed cannabis to control my emotions. Every time I thought/felt/experienced any kind of stress or anxiety I would pack myself a bowl. Nothing mattered... as long as there was weed I was okay and it was all I cared about.

One day as I was discussing my future with my BF I realized... wow I didn't have a future. He was making great income and I was behind because I couldn't piss clean to qualify for an actual job. It hurt to think about the future I was giving up on. I realized I could keep smoking weed and find a shitty part-time job, OR I could face reality and accept the fact I needed to quit to get hired.

The funny part is my degrees are both in the medical field. I have extensive training in substance abuse, neurological biology, THC metabolic pathways, and know all about treatment and recovery. It was easy to advise another person- yet I couldn't help myself.

I finally made the difficult decision to allow this cannabis jar to run out and I would not buy anymore. Every day as I watched the amount dwindle, I would feel anxious. I had questions like "What am I gonna do? How do I pass time? WTF this hour has been going on forever! I just need a hit".

Then one day it happened- my jar was empty. I woke up and stared at the jar. Then I did something bad- I began scraping for keif first and then resin. The resin balls were disgusting, and I used a paperclip to dig around the insides of my bowl piece. I would pull out the resin and then roll it in a ball to put in my bowl and light it. The taste was nasty but I was living for that "little bit" of highness. I probably pulled out more resin that week than I ever have in my life.

I felt embarrassed about it and lied to others that I had already quit. It was easier that way... to pretend I stopped getting high by saying resin isn't weed. Then the resin ran out and I completely stopped.

I thought about smoking every 15 minutes, every single day and night. All I wanted was a hit. The first night without pot, I was angry and then I started crying. I never felt so worthless about myself.. here I was a grown, professional woman crying because I can't get high. The first night was hell- I probably slept less than 2 hours. I threw up, had a headache, and just moped around the living room. I had no appetite. I couldn't shut off my brain from its cravings.

At around 3am, I secretly got up and started scraping for resin again! I found a little piece, smoked it and finally slept. I felt so dirty because I lied to myself. Still, I kept telling my friends that I had already quit. The next day would be a new day, I lied again.

After 3 unsuccessful attempts to not look for resin at night, I managed to break the paper clip because I was scraping so hard. As the paper clip snapped in half, so did my drive for marijuana. It finally registered in my head- NO more means NO more. I put my bong, grinder, and lighters away.

I started up my dusty treadmill and got on a low speed. I had a new plan- to exercise every time I had a craving. Exercising and drinking water has been the biggest help to my recovery. Every time my brain got stuck on thinking "I need to smoke... just one..." I would force myself to run. The harder I craved it, the faster I would run. The idea was to knock myself out of breath so I'm distracted trying to breathe.

Of course I still thought about weed. All my friends still smoke around me so it has been tough making that personal decision for myself. The first week was the hardest- it was all about thought control and self management. I kept telling myself that I'm a piece of shit if I can't control my own behaviors. This makes me no different than a baboon and the difference between humans and animals is that we have critical thinking skills. I was on a mission to prove to myself that I can be human.

Now that I have been THC-free for a while, I can honestly say marijuana is harmless. I look back and realize all those times I could have cut down on smoking but chose not to. I feel EXACTLY the same as a person. I can say marijuana does not change you for the worse as a person- one must learn to harness the power of it. If used moderately, it is an excellent sleeping/anti-anxiety aid. However, if you start abusing it and smoke 1g a day, you will find yourself out of luck.

I'm not ready to start smoking again (yet)- but I want to say taking a marijuana break is a good decision for anyone who is looking for a different perspective of life. I am excited I had a tolerance break so when I do get high again, I will be 10x higher. After 8 years, it is time to give it up - for a while.

As a former, heavy daily marijuana user- I want to say I am still in support of marijuana for its medicinal purposes. If given the option in the future, I pick cannabis over any kind of prescription pills -anyday. One thing I would do differently is to NOT wake and bake and only smoke in the afternoon-evenings. I find it helpful to be "sober" during day time in order to get shit done at home and at work. Good luck to anyone who is trying to quit, it's hard but it's definitely possible.
