This is my alternate account but I quit by reading this sub 200+ days ago. I'm going through something and thinking of starting again. This is somewhat of a smoking post and somewhat of a cry from the ledge.

Hi quitters! I quit on Valentine's of this year. Two months later my gf of nearly 4 years broke up with me. We were still hanging out these past few months and I stupidly didn't break contact and make her miss me. (I WANT TO DIE FOR THIS MISTAKE!!!!!!!) 

Anyway, tonight she told me she is going on a date. I have never felt this distraught about ANYTHING, except the death of my mother. But this is not a distant second. I'm nearly inconsolable. I think about killing myself metaphorically all the time (I wouldn't ever.) I think I'm distraught because we JUST spent the night together a week and a half ago, I just took care of her dog for ten days while she was on a work trip, and I have an overwhelming sense of regret for not breaking contact and making her miss me before she goes on a date. The person she is going on a date with is good looking, but otherwise not her type really. And she actually said that she'd rather be watching tv with me.

I want a fucking smoke. Smoking was what we used to do together. It bonded us after she came home from work. When I'd try to quit in the past she had almost broken up with me. I told her this time to promise she wouldn't but of course she did 8 weeks later. She was quitting at the same time.

I need dopamine. Or something. Why I'm wanting to reunite with my old friend the smoke. I'm so miserable I could die. Is there any hope? Just 2 weeks ago she said I was the most compatible person she had ever been with and no one measured up. And let me tell you- I have NEVER in my 35 years met anyone nearly as attractive (to me) as her, as smart as her, (so rare!) and this was so very rare that I can't believe I have lost her. I have terrible self esteem (which most people don't believe because I have great confidence and intelligence.) I don't know how I can get through this. Has anyone gone through something similar?

Has anyone ever gotten back with an ex? How about gotten over one of 4 years, at 35 where I should be married by now?

I'm tired of collapsing sobbing on the floor. Life seems hopeless, utterly and completely hopeless so in comparison calming myself with a smoke doesn't seem so bad. 

Love you guys! I really quit by looking at this subreddit every single night. I also provided support to others. I could use it now.

edit: Hey it's actually 222 days! I'm going to make a wish. Also, can I get some breakup solace? I'd go to /r/relationships but I like the vibe here and I really do want help/ opinions.

edit2: I'm sorry if this is a bummer. :(