Going on day 3 of no tobacco! Going strong I might add with the help of an e-cig.

A few hours shy of 72 with no cigarettes! I'm using a personal nicotine vaporizer, or e-cig, but I'm using a mild amount of nicotine (12mg/ml, I think 1.2% nicotine?). I have been smoking since I was 13 from 5 cigs a day to over a pack/day. I've wanted to quit the second I realized I was addicted. I have tried cold turkey, patches, gums, meditation, those dinky disposable e-cigs, wellbutrin and nothing worked for me. 11 years after my first cigarette (I'm 24 now) and I am determined to quit. 

My boyfriend started smoking these customizable e-cigs earlier this year and was able to quit easily. He hadn't smoked as long as I have so I credited that to his ease. I tried his and didn't like the flavor. It was a mock tobacco flavor and I just thought this is way more nasty tasting than my cigarettes so it didn't help me. Last week we were browsing sites for e-cigarette "juice" flavors I might actually enjoy and I found a few ones that sounded appealing so I ordered a few. When it came in I still had a half a pack left so I just tried to make that pack last with supplementing the e-cig randomly. When I ran out I had a mini panic but the juice I ordered grew on me and I really gave it my best shot. I must say this is the most comfortable and easy time I have had quitting. The longest I had ever gone before was 6 days but the whole time my jaw was tight, I was **super** irritable, sweaty, shaky, going through a true withdrawal. 

The e-cig might not be for everyone but for those who have tried everything in the past and have been smoking a long time this aid might actually work for you. I am having some negative symptoms associated with quitting like hacking phlegm, a screwed up sleep schedule, and acne breakouts but compared to the sweats and shaking in the past I can deal with it. I'm getting my sense of taste and smell back still and I feel confident I can make it through this time. I just use it when I normally would smoke a cigarette like after meals, when I wake up, while I'm driving. And I just need a few drags before the craving passes. My boyfriend and I learned everything we needed to know about e-cigs here: /r/electronic_cigarette!

I plan to be completely independent of nicotine within the next few months, weening myself down from the 12mg/ml that I currently use.  