My tale of 787 days of trials, friends, and not looking back. [super long]

It started when I was about 12. My friend from down the street convinced me to steal a couple of my parents' cigarettes, and act of theft that went on for about three days before my parents caught wind. After a long talk with my mother about the dangers of smoking, that was it. After all, I probably didn't inhale, and definitely wasn't addicted.

And I know what you're thinking - "Your parents smoked! Of course you went back to smoking! I mean, they are telling you it's bad but they are doing it." They told me all about the trap, how it's an addiction, and how hard it was to quit. And the fact that they didn't quit after I stole their cigarettes and smoked them was a testament to their addiction. It was actually a very valuable lesson.

Cut to about 6 years later. Doesn't matter the reasons, but I bought a pack of cigarettes. I left them in my glovebox, and whenever I would drive somewhere I'd have a smoke. To and from work, to and from friend's houses, etc. "I will stop", I told myself, "when I move out and go to college."

Well, that day came. My parents drove me down to my new digs at my University where they helped me move in. "I'm gonna quit, but once the stress of moving is gone." I would bum cigarettes from the kids who smoked downstairs, and eventually, when my parents left, I would buy my own. I did not stop when I moved to college.

A whole year came and went, and I was back at my parents' place for the summer. Smoking around smokers wasn't hard to hide - their noses had been burned by the smoke so long they could rarely identify a smokey smell on me. I would just go for a drive, have a few cigarettes, and that was it. I mean, who wants to tell their parents that they are a smoker?

That next year also came and went just as fast, me smoking like a chimney along the way. My family planned a trip that summer, and I was going to be around them for the better part of a month. I guess it's time to quit!

I bought patches, gum - spent a small fortune on them, too! And I was looking for a quick fix, but we all know that those things are not quick fixes, but traps. I remained a smoker. "Luckily," a friend accidentally spilled the beans that I was a smoker, and I didn't have to hide it anymore. Phew! I would smoke with my parents now and that was it.

My dad quit smoking due to shortness of breath after the better part of 35 years. He saw the light, and in the blink of an eye he quit. He would tell me to quit every second, and it annoyed me. "I'll quit when I'm ready."

It went on for a few more years. I got the book "The Easy Way to Quit Smoking" as a PDF by someone on Reddit. I ended up buying the book and reading it. I quit for 25 hours, but was back on the wagon. But the words from the book kept replaying until one night...

I came back home from some heavy drinking with some friends. On the way home, I smoked my last cigarette and stopped to buy my new pack for the morning. I woke up with such a tightness in my chest - "I'll wait for that tightness to go away," I said. Well it did, about 3 hours later. "I wonder how much longer I can hold out..." I opened up my Alan Carr book and flipped through what I knew was my problem areas. 

That night we had a big family dinner. I told my parents I quit - I was becoming accountable. My dad was very happy with me, and was helping me through my journey. And that journey got tough. 

I told myself, I'll just finish this week, then the week passed. I'll just finish this month, then the month passed. By the end of the month, the worst of it was gone, and that was it. I remained resolute, just as I was near the end of day 1, to remain a non-smoker.

But I'm still a smoker in my dreams. I quit on and off in the dreams, and even my girlfriend who has never touched a cigarette in her life, smokes Parliaments. I can't shake them, and I wake up with an immense disappointment followed by such sheer joy that it was all a dream. It shows you how disgustingly deep the nicotine monster buries it's head. It can have my dreams, though. After six years of between one pack to two packs a day, I'm in control of my life.

I say all this, on such a non-milestone day of 787, because you should know that every day is a milestone. It gets easier, but you must remain resolute every single day. Once your friends see you do it (and I was the one no one would ever think could quit), they will see how easy it is. The hard part is remaining resolute, holding fast to your desire of being a non-smoker. Once you tell yourself that you will remain a non-smoker from this moment on, nothing can change your course. You will push through any rough waters, but it will be easy because the prize on the other side is the greatest prize of all - freedom.