Checking in 11/21/13

This may be more than about smoking but I'm not sure where else to post, bare with me. 

So I finally feel like I don't need cigarettes to function. Along with that I used to be heavy into partying ( cocaine) and was a heavy drinker. I was extremely aggressive towards the end of the night. I finally feel like I have some sort of control over myself and all of my vices. It's been hard, especially alienating myself from my friends who party a lot. But it needed to be done. I felt alone for a long time, depressed and anxious. For a while it felt like I didn't have anyone in my life and would change my mind about sobriety being a good idea. Well, I've been sober from drugs for almost three months. The only craving I have is coke at times. And I feel it's only because I quit smoking and severely cut down my alcohol intake. 

On that note the thought alone of drugs repulses me. 

Quitting smoking was something I wanted to do for a while and I would quit and then have a night out full of every type of alcohol imaginable and alas, I was back to day one. Waking up with a hang over and a terrible sore throat because my body wasn't used to the nicotine and harsh effects of cigarette. The damage it did to my throat and lungs was terrible. 

So here I am, months from having occasional cigarettes during my drunken nights out, and two weeks from actually having my very last cigarette. It's also been two weeks since I drank heavily and had my last blackout drunk night out. 

Alcohol is my number one vice for slipping and I don't feel bad about leaving it behind and moving forward in my life. Sorry alcohol, but I can't be with you anymore. You are the worst friend I could possibly have in my life. You are a terrible influence on me.  You've never guided me in the right direction but steered me into a downward spiral of humiliation and embarrassment. You are a wolf in sheep's clothing. You made me believe all these years that you were there for me while in reality you controlled me into making bad decisions my whole life. 

On that note, I finally feel as though I can function as a normal member of society. I'm finally here to add to what's right with our culture and not what's wrong. 

:)
