Probation and Quitting

I just reset my badge after 8 days of not smoking tobacco.

I've been on probation for a month and a half now and it sucks. I have been smoking for a year since April. I started smoking after my girlfriend of four years and I broke up, pretty much after High School ended. It was a rough last year of High School in my home town because I also got arrested at the beginning of the school year.

I went to college and made tons of friends who smoke. I was involved in substances (psychedllics and cannabis) and alcohol. This summer I have been assigned probation for three years and a suspended license for one year. I am also stuck in my hometown until the state approves my probation transfer so I can go to college. I hate my home town because I have no friends here, I spent all my time with my ex. I haven't seen anyone since I have been back except for my family in house, and coworkers from my summer job.

I have been very good about quitting pot, It has been five months since using it, as I stopped when I heard I would be getting probation. I have been trying to quit cigarettes by vaping 18mg juice. I failed today by buying a pack, after driving under a suspended license to do so. I feel like I have no enjoyment in life currently stuck at home since assigned probation. I would love to quit smoking tobacco and start working out again but I don't know how to since it's my only vice.

I have made a ton of mistakes in my life and have so many regrets. I have learned so much and have gotten so far in dealing with these obstacles. The crime I committed wasn't immoral it was stupid and I lacked proper judgement. That being said, my addiction has still made me not care about my suspended license and possibly breaking probation if I got caught. I would go to prison, and this upsets me so much.

When/if I get to go back to college I know it will be hard to quit smoking as I can't do anything else. My room mates both smoke and there's ample opportunity for me to acquire cigarettes. My campus will be a tobacco free campus starting next year. I have heard E-cigs will be banned as well.

I need help, I can't find a rhythm to get away from the nicotine buzz.