I'm going through some changes & I could use some advice

I started smoking about 3 years ago. I'm 23 years old now. I never had a cigarette before then, and have no family members that are smokers. It seems that my addiction to smoking has gotten worse as I moved away to a different state, I went from 1-2 cigarettes a day to the pack every 2 days I'm at now. I live in Seattle now, and I went from having no smoking friends to *everyone* I know smoking. I'm starting to dislike smoking. I hate waking up in the morning & having that raw throat. The foggy feeling in my head when I'm craving. And I hate the stressed feeling when you're out of cigarettes. I just hate having my life revolve around it, I hate the scent in my hair & the ashes in my back seat. I feel very ready to quit. So here is where I need some advice:

1. I'm starting a different health regimen... I'm going to be heading to the gym early in the morning before work instead of after as well as implementing a cleaner diet. I'm afraid that the shock to my body with waking up earlier than usual as well as quitting smoking will up my chances for failure. Do you think I should gradually wean myself off cigarettes or just jump head first? I've heard tons of different methods, from smoking one less cigarette each day for a week until you're down to zero. I've also heard replacing most of your cigarettes with American Spirits. I don't like e-cigarettes at all.

2. I am around smokers constantly. All of my friends and coworkers are smokers. Any tips for being around people who smoke?

3. Alternatives for trigger times? For instance my favorite cigarettes are the one in the morning with my coffee and when I drive. I love to smoke when I drive (it's how I started smoking - with a long morning commute). Any recommendations for what I could do instead?

4. What type of symptoms should I expect & how long do they last? I know if I go without a cigarette for awhile I have this short temper feeling. I was told to just sleep as much as possible. 

I'd really appreciate some tips. Online sources really just ingrain all of the negative aspects of smoking. I'd love some tips from people who succeeded in quitting or who are in the process like me. Thanks!
