I surprised even myself and quit smoking yesterday, without telling anyone.

So, yesterday I decided to quit. I'm gonna travel abroad for half a year in February and realized ages ago that I need to stop smoking before leaving, just to get rid of this habit as I need to find new routines in my life anyways. I thought about quitting on the new year's, but couldn't make the decision then.

The last week I've been completely obsessed about smoking and not being able to set the date when to quit, and so I became really just frustrated about the whole thing. I made a (surprisingly long) list of pros and cons about smoking, just a stupid thing really but the point 19 on my cons list is the most important: *I want to quit.* I don't want to smoke my whole life. Six years is enough. 

I've told no one. I don't know how to handle the pressure about quitting, even though most of my friends will probably be supportive (still some will just say that I won't be able to go trough this). I don't want to fail and I'm extremely scared of screwing this up. I tried in 2012 and succeeded only for a month. I just don't want to smoke on daily basis anymore, not ever. I want to control my urges and cravings, not just act on them like a moron. I do love smoking, sometimes it's just the best and feels so damn good, and there will be time when I will revisit my habits by smoking cigars. For now, I just want to forget about smoking, the whole thing. I don't want to hear questions about how the quitting is going. I don't want to talk about this to anyone because that would give me the chance to whine about it. I just want this quitting to go unnoticed but still, some support might be useful. Maybe I'll just mention it to people who happen to notice? Or tell my friends just before leaving the country so they don't have any time to grill me. 

I never want to smoke again on daily basis. I hate the habit and truly want to get rid of it, for good. Somehow the decision only feels final after announcing it at least to someone, so here I am, telling you guys. I've quit and it's now official. Wish me luck!