40 Hours

Seven years ago I picked up my first cigarette in the parking lot of a Sears in Western Pennsylvania. It was a Newport 100 and it made me dizzy and a little nauseous. Sick with nicotine intoxication. Naive.

My mother and father have always smoked. Sometimes my old man could suck down four packs a day without too much of a hassle. But that was then. Cigarettes were cheap in the 60's and the health risks weren't widely understood. Men smoked men's cigarettes, Lucky Strikes and Marlboros. Unfiltered Chesterfield Kings by the pack, by the carton.  The Marlboro man was on every street corner in America and America inhaled his product right along with his rugged image and masculine day job. 

It was three months after my eighteenth birthday that my parents found my pack of Marlboro Reds on the passenger seat of my Jeep. My mom and dad gave me a long lecture about the detriments to my health and personal finances, both with a cigarette hanging from their mouths. Two months after that I went to college and spent five years scrounging change from sidewalks and couch cushions to afford my Lucky Strike habit, which eventually evolved back into Marlboros. A-pack-a-day was a light day. My apartment walls were stained with smoke, my furniture reeked of stale cigarettes. At that point my parents realized my financial woes and started buying a pack or two for me, thinking me too far gone into adulthood to rescue from the world.  

I met my wife over cigarettes and coffee at Denny's, when you could still smoke there. Four years later I proposed to her. After she wiped the tears from her bleary eyes she walked outside for a cigarette, to give her friends a chance to examine her new diamond ring. Two weeks ago we were married. During the ceremony I craved nicotine, and even during the best day of my life we stole away from the reception to share a smoke with our champagne. 

At this moment I hurt. I am without. I'm frustrated even at the words on this page because the lighter on my desk and the smell of late spring remind me of inhaling my crutch and watching the tendrils of wasted money rise across the facade of my house. It hurts when I drink coffee in the morning and if I have a drink with with friends during a hockey game. I ache. My normally mild personality has evolved into a person unrecognizable without concentration or direction, likes and dislikes. I snap at loved ones, I yell at my dogs for not following commands quickly or correctly enough. I crave. Pens and pencils, toothpicks, suckers, anything I can put between my teeth and lips to satisfy the oral fixation isn't enough to quell the habit that has been built into me since I was too young to understand that I was killing myself with it.

To the best of anyone's knowledge, no one on either side of my family has died from or has been diagnosed with cancer. My grandmothers, still alive, are both well into their 90's. Spry and quick-witted, they write, sew and attend bingo regularly. My grandfathers are both dead. One from a heart attack, the other from Alzheimer's. My father is in his mid 70's now and aside from a congenital heart defect, has a strong heart and healthy lungs. My family has been an excuse when asked why I'm still smoking. It has been the reason for my ignorance of the commercials produced by tobacco industries that parade the disfigured on television to give the rest of us a warning. That woman disfigured from throat cancer, I caught her commercial a few weeks ago for the first time. By the end of her "tips" for getting ready in the morning my cigarettes and lighter were in my hand and I was on my feet heading for the door. It was a trigger.


Never again. Never again will I wake up short of breath from smoking too much after a night out. Never again will my clothes, hair or car smell of stale tobacco. I refuse to let myself have a crutch that will prevent me from living the life I want to live whether it be by bleeding me of money or my health or the time that I will spend with my future children and grandchildren. My life is too important to me to allow me to let a six dollar and forty-two cent cyclical habit to interrupt the goals that I want to accomplish.

But for now I hurt. I have no money because I can't be trusted not to give in if my addiction is readily available. 40 hours ago I smoked my last cigarette in front of the entrance to my office and in 40 years that will still be my last cigarette. 


