Two weeks

Hello

Im a 26 year old guy who started smoking when I was 15 and since then been both smoking cigarettes and using smokeless tobacco similar to dipping. In other words a full on nicotine junkie like I assume most of you are or were.  

Two weeks ago I quit both nicotine and marijuana. It's weird how determined I have felt considering I thought my entire happiness was based on consuming these three things (four things if i count in coffee). 
My deal was to smoke a joint and then balance out the anxty rush I got from the weed with a cig and coffee. I loved it. My days revolved around the moments where I could do that and the rest of the day didnt really matter to me. I did that for about 4 years, ever since I smoked my first joint. 

Like I said these first two weeks have been going well. I've had some moments where I've felt like life aint worth it without cigarettes but I manage to pull myself together and that determination I feel is yet to subside. My biggest motivation are my health as I've had some pretty freaky chest pains in the last year.
I also fucked my teeth up a little bit in my teens by drinking soda constantly and not having a good oral hygiene, but after two weeks my teeth and gums already look and feel a lot better and I'd hate to go back on that. 

This weekend I have been horribly depressed.. I went out for a few drinks on friday, third time I drink since I quit and even though I crave like crazy when I drink I still didnt smoke. Waking up on saturday I knew shit was gonna go down and I've just been crying and generally feeling like I don't want to live anymore. I also haven't had sex for two fucking years and that's probably the worst.. I could kill for even a cuddle from a girl right now. God damn, if you have an SO or a FWB or are able to go out and hook up with somebody because youre a charming motherfucker be happy about that cause human touch and affection is probably the single most important thing in everybodys life.

Waking up this monday I had a realization that this terrible depression is just my brain being deprived of the chemicals it's been steadily receiving for so long and that life isn't actually worthless but requires you to fill with meaning and things you like.
So when you quit smoking you really make a sacrifice.. Nicotine is good, its that warm relaxing feeling you get in return for ruining your health and becoming a slave to a substance. It's all about filling that void you get when you quit with something new and exciting. A new hobby, excercise, eat healthy and constantly tell yourself that you are a bad motherfucker for quitting and sticking with it, a lot of people never do that. 

Anyway, thats my little rant.. I wanna thank all you guys and this sub for existing, it's so nice to have this place to go to, to read and write and not feel alone. Lots of love and keep it up  

