Running away from the smoker's corner

It's been about four months for me, and I'm so happy that I quit. I hardly think about smoking anymore and I haven't had a real craving in ages. Sometimes that little monster will try to whisper in my ear, but I gladly push it away and remind myself that **I** don't want to smoke. I recently made [this cheerful post about a month ago](http://www.reddit.com/r/stopsmoking/comments/1mcpcm/couldnt_be_happier_about_this_afternoon/) about how smoke smells awful now too!

I have always really hated running. I started having issues with exercise-induced asthma when I was in middle school (before I smoked) and pretty much avoided running for more than a couple minutes at a time since then. 

About six months ago, I decided I wanted to get into shape instead of complaining of having no muscle tone. I asked my husband (who's in great shape and not a smoker) to go for a jog with me to help motivate.

It was so embarrassing. We decided to go around the block (1.25 miles) and I couldn't even run .10 - .15 miles without stopping and wheezing and coughing and holding my chest because it felt like it was about to split in half. Of course I just blamed the asthma. And of course, I ended my strenuous workout with a smoke. What better way to calm my aching chest and get rid of that cough?

In the past four months, I've been having some body image issues, getting weirdly obsessed with counting calories, etc. and I've had too much of a negative attitude towards myself to be able to go for a run. Just after running for a few minutes, I would get these thoughts about not being able to do it, not being strong enough, blah blah blah. I won't get into that whole mess, but I've been working hard on loving myself instead.

Friday morning, I decided I wanted to go for a run. I decided that I was going to make it around the block without stopping. I chose to pace myself instead of running faster and then being pissed at myself for not being able to run an 8 minute mile. That's been the real downfall of my jogging attempts in past half a year.

As I was jogging, I saw a few smokers near the sidewalk. I live close to some company's office building, and they have a "no smoking on campus" rule, so all the smokers who work there congregate on the sidewalk. 

I looked at them as I jogged past. I used to do that same thing at my old job that didn't allow smoking on campus. I used to waste a decent part of my lunch hour walking all the way off the property, rain or shine, to huddle with the other smokers. But here I was, running past them, away from them, breaking free. 

Smoking is a part of my past, and it's no longer a part of my identity. I'm a completely different person now. I eat breakfast, I go for runs and like it! I don't get winded going up the stairs. I look forward to making my body ache and move and push further instead of looking forward to sitting outside poisoning it. 

I just felt so free as I jogged past them. I wasn't shackled and imprisoned in that smoker's ~~corner~~ cage anymore. I had the key the whole time, and I am so glad I found this bright new world after I unlocked the door. I never could've imagined in my wildest dreams that I'd be saying and feeling these things. 

I made it around the block, by the way, and then some. I stopped not because my chest hurt, but because my ankle hurt from not having a proper pair of running shoes! My throat didn't get tight at all, I didn't cough, and I didn't wheeze.

**TL;DR - Turns out I can do a lot more than I thought I could. I felt like a bird flying out of a cage when I ran past a group of smokers during my jog.**