Confessions of a Teenage Heater Fiend

Hi. I'm a 17-year-old avid smoker, and I recently realized that I need to quit desperately. I've been smoking periodically since I was 13, and once I got my license I formed a major habit, and I went from smoking one a week to smoking almost a pack every day.

Being a high school kid entails a lot of things. While my grades are more than satisfactory, I drink like a fish and smoke weed about 4 times a week, and I can't do either of those things without at least 7 cigarettes. On days where my friends and I drink all day, I'll likely rip through 2 packs. I scare myself with my craving for these death sticks, and my parents are even more terrified than I am. My older brother and sister indulge in smoking when they drank, and I saw them doing that when I was in grade school. I even saw my mom do it at family parties, very rarely though. This gave me a skewed sense of how bad they really were for you. I wish I could go back and tell myself the truth.

I've been on a service trip with my high school for the past 3 days, and I'm here for another 3. Even in this beautiful, foreign land, surrounded by some of my best friends and most inspiring educators, the only thing I want is a cigarette. I'm with teachers almost all the time, so there's no way I could pull off smoking even one cigarette. I brought a hookah pen, but it still feels like it isn't enough. I saw a half-smoked cigarette on the ground today while the teachers were in a store, and the only thing stopping me from picking it up and smoking it was the fact that I didn't have a lighter. I am so addicted, I can't even see a future where I don't unwind by smoking 3 cigarettes in a row. I love them so much, but they are going to kill me. I'm in fine condition right now, but the fact that I cannot bring myself to stop is telling me that if I don't stop soon, I'm going to die at an age too young for anyone. 

The fucked up thing is that this will probably change nothing. The first thing I'll do when I get home is rip through a cigarette, and I can't even help it. I need help, and I know there are posts like this all the time on this sub, but I needed to share my thoughts and worries somewhere. If there is anything that can help me shake this habit or get out of this mind state, please share. Thank you.
