Roughest day yet, (day 9)

All day was one long craving. I dropped down to the lowest dose nicotine patch a few days ago (mentioned before in another post; nicotine poisoning).  Without getting into much detail, since I woke up was a very stressful day. 

Basically an anxiety filled day, was sweating a lot and couldn't control the anxiety. My nicotine patch wouldn't stay on because of my horrible sweat, so that lead to more anxiety. My fiance got home, and I'm glad she did. I told her I couldn't stop thinking about smoking and that so far the day was really rough.

I somewhat buried my cravings with some burgers after she got home, but it helped temporarily. after I ate I was good for about 2 hours. (After putting on another patch)

The cravings came stronger than they have during this whole quitting period after that, and I told my fiance I just wanted to go buy a pack and say fuck it. She reinforced me, told me it's ultimately my decision and she won't be disappointed, but she's really enjoyed not having me smell like smoke all the time. 

I was very, very for the majority of the day and lashed out on her a couple times for absolutely no reason, but she was prepared to deal with me being an asshole. 

She offered for us to go to a game store or a (non-smoking) casino for a little bit. We ended up just driving around for a long time without knowing where we were going. We played a game where each light the person who did not choose last would say to go straight, left or right. FANTASTIC IDEA, I hate all caps, but this distraction was AMAZING, TRY IT ON BAD DAYS.

Ended up driving to a resaurant we both like on accident that we hadn't been to in a couple years. Since I quit smoking we suddenly had enough money to blow on dinner, and that was nice.

On the way home the cravings came back strong, and I almost stopped at a gas station to buy a pack. For some reason, I just could not bring myself to buy it. I felt that if I did the guilt would be too overwhelming. Now I'm home, cravings have been only moderate.

Very sorry for the TL;DR. I needed to vent, whether anybody reads this or not it's helped just publishing it.

TL;DR: shitty day, stood strong with fiance's help and some powerful distractions.