Sharing my experiences in the early stages of quitting.

Hi, this is a great forum for support. Just thought I'd share my experience thus far. If you are eating, stop, cause I'm going to be completely honest about everything and some of its gross. 

38 years old, started smoking at 18...pack a day habit, pack and a half if I've been drinking. 

Now a stepdad so this combined with knowing its not good for me, being in a relationship with a non smoker and well, tired of being embarassed by my habit and smelly, has led me to begin quitting. 

Note: When I say embarassed about my habit...I'm a white guy covered in tattoos...so when I smoke in public I feel that i get looks not only tied to smoking but "hey wow what a piece of white trash" because it ties in to the tattoos. Are people really thinking this? Who knows, but I'm just sharing my insecurities. So...I dont want to give off the appearance of a piece of sh*t who is stinking up a public place with my bad habit. Just being really honest here. 

You might have seen the recent commercials where the guy is being dragged outside to smoke by a bully (who is representing a cigarette). https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5G1Ma02K6Ys

This is the first time an anti smoking commercial has really affected me. Mainly because I was bullied when young and I refuse to let anything or anyone bully me ever again. Also the commercials of that lady Terri...missing the jaw, and now dead. Wow. You would think "this will kill you" printed on the side of a box would be enough, but an addicting habit will make you justify things you never thought you would before. 

Okay, now to share what I have experienced so far. I have tried to quit only once before and did it cold turkey for six months. I used a divorce and cross country move as an excuse to start up again. Stupid. It helped. But still, stupid. 

So every morning I would wake up and have a cig within 30 minutes and then roughly one thereafter every hour. Damn it felt good. I have always really enjoyed smoking. I really have. It just feels good. But so do a lot of things that are bad for you. 

I stopped smoking cigarettes on the 6th of this month. I am using 4mg fruit flavored nicorette gum as my crutch. I chew a piece every two hours. It works. Now I know I'm not kicking the nicotine habit yet and I'm okay with it. I don't mind the taper method. Whats important to me is that I'm not inhaling the deadly smoke and I dont stink anymore. 

I have since noticed many things:

1. My morning dump right after a cigarette is no longer happening. What was is about a cig that triggered me going to the bathroom? Odd. So now its random. Gross I know, just being honest. At least its happening, its just odd how it was tied to smoking. 

2. Holy what the flavors....I can taste spices in food now. Pretty awesome. 

3. I can smell things I have never smelled before. What have I realized? My truck stunk bad like stale cigs. So did my clothes. So did my fingers. I realize I need to bathe my dogs more often cause my wife is right, they do stink. I can smell the laundry detergent on the bed sheets. I just realized I can smell myself more...I need to buy some new shirts that dont have the slight smell of body odor in the pits. WTF? I bathe and change everyday, and only wear clothing items once. Where did the armpit smell come from? Guess its time for new shirts. Or a much stronger deod. 

4. I am thinking more clearly. I know this will increase as the nicotine levels decrease. 

5. I am sleeping just fine. Better now actually. My "last cigarette" around ten or eleven at night always led me to playing a game on my phone which kept me up later. I'm going to bed earlier now. 

6. I am not wheezing anymore. Or coughing. At all. Nice. 

7. I worked out the other day and it didnt kill me. Oh by the way I'm 5'11" and 220lbs. I have a gut. I need to drop around 20lbs. I am going to start biking and running. I went and bought a used mountain bike for cheap so I can ride with my kids. 

8. I just feel better overall. I think the confidence comes from knowing I'm not stinky and knowing that I'm only slightly still a slave to the habit. 

9. I made it through a night of heavy drinking. That was tough. It helped to be around a non smoker. I chewed a piece of nic gum constantly. But I didnt have a cig. 

So, there you have it. my experience so far. I'm enjoying it. I'm not looking forward to the actually reduction of nicotine, I'm not looking forward to quitting nicotine 100 percent. I know it will be tough. Baby steps though. I'm proud of myself for making this adjustment, even if slight. Knowing that i MAY be adding a few years on to my life really is a great feeling. So for now I'll chew my gum, reduce the dosage in a month and then hopefully eliminate the nic in my system all together. 

I wrote this to share my experience, because it can be nice to know that someone else may be going through something similar. 

Do I miss it? No. But I know I wont really feel that till I quit nicotine. And that's okay. When i drink socially(which I always will cause its fun) its gonna be tough, but I'll remove myself from the situation if need be to ensure I dont fall down. One minute, one hour, one day at a time. Best of luck to all that are on this same journey. 

EDIT:

1. Food cravings- they have def increased and so everytime I want a cig I walk towards the kitchen...and either grab a pickle or a toothpick to avoid binging. 
2. Posted video "bully" link, thank you to twenty2seven
