How smoking is destroying my life

Dear fellow Redditors,
I'm in a really dark place right now and I feel like sharing my story with you.

I'm 30 and I've been a smoker on and off for about 15 years.
Like most of you I started in high school in the hope to find in cigarettes the confidence I was lacking. 
I never liked smoking but at the age of 17 I was trapped and I've been trying to free myself since then.

After college I moved abroad, got a job and my smoking habit skyrocketed. I couldn't do anything without lighting a cigarette. 
Despite all the shit I was inhaling my life was great. I had the best job, a girlfriend and amazing friends.
The years went by fast, me and my girlfriend moved to other countries another couple of times because of my job and I started to get really tired of my addiction, I was gaining weight constantly thanks to my lazy lifestyle and basically I in my free time I wasn't doing anything but smoking so in the end of 2009 I quit cold turkey.
Everyone was skeptic, everyone thought I was gonna fail and I proved them wrong.
 
For three fucking years I didn't touch a cigarette, I lost 45 lbs and it was easy. I had the best three years of my life, my mood was great, I felt energetic and alive.

And then what happened? Well, life got in the way. In a time span of 6 months I broke up with my girlfriend, I lost my job and my nephew died. It was overwhelming and only God knows why I thought cigarettes were going to help me. 

I kept smoking for some months and I quit again but this time it wasn't easy. I didn't enjoy my free smoke life. Sure, I got another job and I was single for the first time in years and excited to meet new people but when I was home alone in front of my computer all I could think was "I want a fucking cigarette and I can't have it".

Of course with this mindset it didn't take long to fall in the trap again. Last February I gave up and I bought a pack of cigarettes. I smoked it all and then I cried myself to sleep. It was pathetic. 

It has been 7 months since my relapse and none of my friends know that I smoke. I try to avoid them because I can't smoke when I'm with them and I'm too afraid of how they will judge me if I come clean. My family also doesn't know about it but fortunately for them they live far away and I see them once a year.

I know I have to stop. I know it because tobacco is destroying my sanity, my self esteem and my social life.
Before quitting once and for all I have to understand what brings me to keep smoking in the first place. I am currently trying psilocybin and slowly I'm reaching the core of my addiction. It might take a while or it might happen with the next dose but I'll get there.


Thanks for listening. 


