Smoking and the illusion of control. Why it can suck you back in after 10 years of not smoking.

I quit smoking fifteen years ago. It was hard to quit, but when I did I quit for ten years solid. Why the heck would I fall back in? The answer just dawned on me. (This is sort of a follow-up post to this recent one: http://redd.it/2i8ked).

At first, smoking seems to provide an illusion of control, though most of us quickly know better. In an awkward social situation? Light a smoke. Bored? Light up a smoke. Finished a day's work? Reward yourself with a smoke. This pattern gets reinforced because if you don't smoke, you start to feel anxious from withdrawal. Having the smoke makes you feel "better". The illusion of control. (This is not my insight of course. Thank Allen Carr. What I have to say comes after.)

Eventually smoking takes control of you, i.e., the illusion. At first it just seemed like dumb fun, having a smoke. But now it is taking over, forcing you to smoke every hour or so, the cost, the stink, the harder breathing. You try to quit, but it's hard. Smoking has control of you! 

So, to take back control, you quit. Good for you. Congrats. And it feels great!!! Control feels that way. quitting smoking has one more twist to throw at you. Hold on to your seat ...

I'm 48, older than many in the sub, I bet. Here's what I think, and no doubt many will find the same in their experience. The idea of having control over your life is very fleeting. Sooner or later, life knocks you flat on your ass. For me, it was a variety of things in recent years, including discovering that my old buddy, the one I started smoking with, the one who never quit, was dying of cancer, leaving his wife and three teenage kids behind. Talk about lacking control. Him. Me too.

The fact that my buddy is dying of cancer, no doubt due to his ongoing smoking, should be motivation for me to quit, and it is. But that, plus a bunch of midlife stuff makes me feel like I lack control. So here is my point. When things go bad, the illusion of control that smoking offers, can seem very tempting. I don't believe in control anymore. The sweet illusion of control, even though I knew better, sucked me back in here. By smoking -- stupid I knew all along -- I was defying the younger me that wanted control. Maybe that sounds crazy, but there it is.

Let's end on a positive note. I learned how to quit smoking years ago. It's the 3x3 strategy. I've posted about. 3 days of physical withdrawl, little panic attacks that go away. 3 weeks of mind games. 3 months and the big emotional goodbye. 

Now I add to that strategy a fourth step -- 3 years. 3 years, 10 years, whatever, it's the point in life where you lack control, and are seduced by the illusion of control in smoking. Think straight friend. An illusion is just that, a lie. Bottom line, you often can't have control. Let it go.

I'm on my 3rd swing through quitting again (guess I like 3s) and not looking back. When I get to one year I am going to come and shower first day quitters with Reddit Gold, like the guy who did it for me on my Day 1. Count on it! On year ten, year twenty ... we'll let's see what happens :)