Is smoking considered cool? (x-post from Quora)

I answer this question because I was genuinely surprised to discover that smoking is not considered cool. At least, in the UK in 2014, amongst the late teens/ early 20s crowd.

Last winter, I briefly took up smoking (I know, I know). For the record, I've only smoked about 20 cigarettes in my lifetime, all over the course of about a month. I started because a friend offered me one to try, and stayed because - y'know, shit's addictive. I did expect it to be seen as cool; when I started I even got myself an Audrey Hepburn-style cigarette holder.

 I quickly learned to make an effort to smoke in less public spaces, because of the disapproving looks people would give me. Older people would outright frown and turn the other way; younger people would give me a look of condescension. Others seemed to think smoking made me a sketchy type, and avoided me. Normally I smile or at least make eye contact with passers by on a busy street - after lighting a cigarette, not possible. It seemed like nobody wanted to even look at a filthy cigarette smoker.

Very soon I ended up changing my clothes before meeting with friends, to lose the tobacco smell. At first I didn't make any effort to hide the habit from friends (smoking is supposed to be cool, right?) but their reaction turned out to be one part disapproval, three parts pity. Nobody was impressed. People started to pull me aside to tell me about the dangers of lung cancer. Others offered to buy me nicotine gum. Months after I stopped, people would ask to made sure I hadn't "gone back to that".

As a smoker, you have to take different train carriages, different flights, different supermarket queues, different apartment complexes. It feels like non-smokers are doing everything they can to get away from you. There's a vague sense of being a second-class citizen. You're consigned to the freezing patios, the alley near the rubbish bins, the muddy patches behind the house. You trudge alone to the off-licence at 2am.

Smoking isn't seen as a bold rejection of social norms. To most people, it looks seedy rather than edgy. You don't feel like the devil-may-care cowboy in the vintage Marlboro ads - instead there's a lot of cowardly sneaking around. In conclusion: cigarettes, surprisingly shameful.


(source:http://www.quora.com/Is-smoking-considered-cool-Why/answer/Sakunthala-Panditharatne?srid=EEc&share=1)