Diagnosed with early stage emphysema

I am 46 and have been a heavy smoker since I was 17 (1.5 packs per day).   I've tried to quit cold turkey a couple of times, a couple times using NRT and once using e-cigs.   The e-cigs were great, but ultimately unsatisfying and I went back to smoking full time.

Last Friday I was diagnosed through CT scan with early stage emphysema.  The extent of damage to my lungs will be determined with some future tests, but it doesn't look TOO bad so far.  

I've known for some time I needed to quit smoking, but knowing how much anxiety it's caused in the past has kept me from trying again.  The doctor who found the emphysema prescribed Chantix to help me quit at my request.   This all happened last Friday.

Saturday morning, instead of stepping out for my morning cigarette I decided to do some research on the Chantix.   It really terrified me.  After reading about all the potential side effects, and some permanent changes it caused with some people, I decided to try cold turkey again.   I did not smoke Saturday and haven't had a cigarette since.   

The first 3 days were BRUTAL but things are getting better.   I  think it's slightly easier this time around knowing I already have a significant health issue caused by smoking, and I can't fool myself into giving up and trying to quit again later.   It's now or never.

Anyway, I don't have helpful advice, and I'm only a few days into my quit but already I feel like I will make it.   I have a chance to turn my health around and still live a long life.   You do too!   Don't just be like I was and assume either the worst, or that nothing will happen to you.  If you abuse your body long enough, it will catch up to you.

I am using "Quitnow!" to track my progress on my iPhone.  It is helpful to watch those little counters tick away on each little goal or accomplishment.  I'm still getting tons of cravings but things are getting better a little bit every day.  I just no longer feel like i have any other choice but to make this quit work.