Anxiety like never before...

I was fine for the first two weeks, high on life even.  I've been using the 21mg/d Habitrol patch and it was going really well (put on after my shower in the morning and take off ~30mins before bed).  I've since bumped it down to the 14mg/d patch (a couple days early) due to the chaos below.

Last week, I laid down to go to sleep and felt a bit off.  My body felt a bit fuzzy, not quite tingly, just... weird.  Then, out of nowhere, no trigger than I can nail down, my heart took off. Faster and faster until it was just vibrating in my chest.  My chest tightened up and my arms went tingly and numb. I sat up in bed and realized it wasn't wearing off, so I grabbed my phone and went to unlock the door, just in case. Turns out it was a good call. Not two seconds after I unlocked the door my vision faded and I could feel myself falling.  911 was already dialled on my phone so I hit call on the way down.  I must not have been out for long, at least not completely, because the next thing I remember the guy on the phone was asking me if I could see the paramedics outside.  We'd already been through what happened and where I was, I guess.

The paramedics were great, all six of them.  Crash kits and everything.  Four stuck around and hooked me up to a VSM for a bit.  Everything normal, meanwhile I'm still shaking uncontrollably.  Took me to the ED just to be thorough.  Took some blood, did an ECG, all normal.  I felt really stupid sitting there for three hours while everything came back perfectly fine.  Once I had a chat with the doctor, he mentioned setting me up with a holter monitor (since I've had frequent palpitations for the last year and a half... these things tend to be short and can easily be missed if you aren't looking when they happen) and sent me on my way.  Took the next day off to recover some sleep and try to relax.

The next few days I was scared to sleep.  Really scared.  I passed out on the couch a few times just to avoid going to my actual bed.  Then two days ago the same thing happened. Only this time I tried to fight it.  I told myself it was in my head to try and calm things down.  It kept me from passing out like the first time, but instead it just happened over and over again.  It was 5am before I finally fell asleep due to sheer exhaustion.  I had to take another day off to recuperate and calm down.

Today, I had what I can only describe as a panic attack (which tbh I think most of this has been, even though nothing has been ruled out yet) during a conference call.  A group of people I have to deal with (coordinate their chaos) on a regular basis tore a PM to shreds for trying to get them started on a project that is 100% necessary.  She's done amazing prep work and they didn't even bother to look at it before telling her it was effectively a waste of time.  About 10 minutes in I was shaking uncontrollably again and continued to do so for the next 50 minutes on the call.  It took a 15 minute walk and some serious distractions to slow the shaking down and I was still unable to focus on much for the last hour of the day.

That's my story for the last week and a half.  I've never experienced anything quite like this before and it's been terrifying and confusing.  I will have to see how things unfold I guess.  I really hope this anxiety is temporary and there isn't anything physically wrong with me.  As I lie here about to go to sleep, I realize writing this out has helped a bit.

What really surprises me is, while I've had cravings, I haven't once considered actually smoking again.  Since my quit date my resolve has been strong and I've even cut out some other bad habits in the same timeframe.  To finish this off, I would like to say that I really enjoy reading /r/stopsmoking and it has been super helpful and motivating!  Cheers to all of you at one day or a thousand.  Keep at it!