Quitting with Chantix.  My quitting story in real-time.

After several failed attempts with almost every method, gum, book, etc. I've been able to try I finally asked my doctor for a Chantix Rx.  I'm a little concerned after reading some horror stories regarding psychological effects, but the success stories are much more common and I'll gladly take the chance to be done with cigarettes.

I've decided to share my experiences to inform others and also in hopes that anyone who has also tried it can put me at ease if I should experience any side effects.  I'll edit the self post as time goes on to keep it all in one place.



**Day 1 (2/20/2012):**

Took my first .5mg dose this morning around 7:30am.  I had two very brief (1-2 minutes) fits of mild nausea during my drive to work between 7:40 and 8:30.  Not sure if the motion or my morning coffee had anything to do with it but once I got to work, it went away.

Shortly after I got to work, cotton mouth started setting in and has been pretty constant all day.  It's easy enough to ignore most of the time, but I have downed about ten bottles of water since this morning.  Around the same time, I also started experiencing a mild euphoria that was a little distracting at times but tapered off around noon.  It was a feeling similar to having my first cigarette after a long flight.

It's just about time to head home from the office now.   At this point in the day, I would have normally smoked 8-10 cigarettes.  Today I'm up to just 6.  I've already noticed less intense cravings than when I've tried cold turkey or nicotine replacement.  Also, having a cigarette does almost nothing to ease the cravings.  Not sure, this early in, if it's the placebo effect or what.  Time will tell.

I'm hoping that the experienced side effects become less once I work up to and adjust to a full dose (1mg, twice daily by day 8).  It amounts to nothing more than a mild discomfort, but the idea of having them constantly for three months is a little intimidating.

Will try to update tomorrow with any weird dreams, total cigarettes smoked for the day, and anything else I can think of.  (Edit: 12 cigarettes total for day one after a pack a day regularly)