Keep a trophy when you quit.

I started smoking when I was 13ish (now 41).

I've tried quitting over the years, but the problem I had quitting was I still enjoyed smoking. Last year before a two-week trip to Vegas, I asked my doc for Chantix (which I've tried twice before) and promised my GF that the last day of smoking would be our last day in Vegas.

I started taking the pills a week out. While packing the morning we were leaving, she saw me packing 7-8 packs into the suitcase and reminded me of my promise. I just took them out and tossed them, and only kept the half-pack I had in my pocket. I smoked that day at airports and even when I got home that night. It was 11:52pm and I was getting tired, so went outside and smoked one last cigarette. The two things I did next are what I believe helped me stay quit this time:

1: When I came back inside, I took the remaining smokes out and tore them in half and threw them away. As I looked at them, I knew that wouldn't stop me from smoking the next day, so I took them out of the trashcan and shredded them up in the toilet. No coming back now.

2: I saved my last butt and put it in an envelope ( http://imgur.com/YOTMLdV ). I still look at it every few weeks and it reminds me that going back to smoking now means I just have to go back through the quitting process again -- and there's just no logical sense in that.

I've been through more stress in my business since I quit smoking than I think anytime before I quit and my personal life has been very stressful as well. The stressful moments don't make me want to smoke, but the celebratory ones still do from time to time. Some moments I'll want a smoke something fierce, but those moments go away pretty fast (for me, they come back 3-4 times over the next half-hour, but after that I'm good).

I took Chantix every day for the first 3.5 months or so, and then I switched to every other day or every third day for a couple of months. My doctor told me he'd keep prescribing it as long as I wanted it. I stopped taking Chantix about two months ago now.

I have gained weight -- too much of it. I have gained about 30lbs, and now I'm ready to focus on getting rid of that.

I have beaten the monkey I never thought I would.

Good luck for those of you about to beat your monkey and congrats to the others who already have.