5th day smoke-free, some notes on Chantix, and a great book to read (or movie to watch) right before your quit date

I'm here to say thanks for this subreddit, it has really helped get me out of a funk. 

I'm now two weeks into Chantix, and five days smoke free. For those considering Chantix, but afraid of the dreams, I'd just chime in to say that my experience has been not as bad as everyone else's. I've had some odd ones, and some where I woke myself up because they were getting too intense, but nothing that has haunted me throughout the day.

I did notice that the flavor of my American Spirit cigarettes changed after the first week. Not drastically, but it didn't have that great taste anymore. Also, I started Chantix the afternoon that I got it. I wouldn't recommend that. Wait until the next morning to start it (I was up all night the first night and couldn't fall asleep).

Last bit of advice is a movie to watch and a book to start reading right before your quit date. Don't know if this will help anyone else...

The night before my quit date I happened to have plans to go see the movie "Lone Survivor" with my SO. I thought, "why not? I like action films, and it will get my mind off of things." The movie was inspiring though. Not a typical action flick. And the book is even more inspiring (a kindle book is less than a pack at $3.99). 

When I watched and then read what a Navy SEAL has to go through to earn their badge, I was just stunned. These guys use nothing but willpower to go running into freezing cold water, push themselves through pain, and generally develop a mental toughness that I was embarrassed to admit that I did not have. "All I'm trying to do is stay busy and not smoke something..." I'm not here to start a political debate about what they do, or why; only saying that if you look at the guys who do this from a mental toughness perspective, they are like zen masters: intensely focused on accomplishing whatever they put their mind to. 

Smoking is much more physically demanding than being cold, or running hard (IMO) because it breaks down your willpower again and again. But the movie and book gave me a new motivation to just be fucking tough and do it even though I didn't feel like quitting.

I've heard that smoking is harder to quit than heroine or coke, so for those of us who have made it this far I say, where the badge with pride, and take pride in this accomplishment. It is one of the hardest things to do, and many others around you will fail, or they won't even try. Attempting to do one of the hardest things in the world requires a mental toughness (which you now have if you are planning to quit), and know that anyone reading this, even you, can keeping making a choice to be fucking tough, again and again, even when you fall down, for the rest of your life. Stay in the fight. Don't ever stop. And use this accomplishment (even if you think it is insignificant) to start holding your head up again.