Quitting Smoking With Snus

In 2009, I was looking for a way to quit smoking.  I had been working at getting custody of my daughter, and I didn't want to smoke around her.  I discovered American "SNUS" as a way to taper down my nicotine, but when I found that I just could't quit nicotine (as many of us feel the same way) - I wanted to look for something else.  The patch didn't work, gum didn't work, Chantix didn't work.  I then discovered Swedish Snus.  


I quit smoking by switching to Swedish Snus in 2009 and I've never looked back.  I started Snubie.com, a website focused on snus and tobacco harm reduction, as a way to help people quit smoking.  I've received emails from hundreds of people who have said that my website and Swedish Snus helped them quit smoking, and it's one of the things I'm most proud of in life.  


For those of you who can't quit cold turkey, or by the patch/gum/Chantix - don't be discouraged!  It doesn't work for everyone.  There are other ways to quit.



"Quit or Die" doesn't work.  Not all people can quit cold turkey, and pharmaceutical alternatives rarely work.  In the US there are 44 million people addicted to smoking, and an estimated 443,000 people die yearly due to smoking related causes.  A study recently found that 70% of smokers polled wanted to quit, but only 15% were actually able to wean themselves off nicotine.  Research has shown that NRT's and pharmaceutical aids have a 90% failure rate.  It's sad, it really is.  But what's interesting is that in a recent study, 71% of daily smokers were able to quit smoking by switching to Swedish Snus.  


I think when we get away from the mentality that you can't quit tobacco with tobacco, and move towards the mentality of reduced harm, we'll see more people quit smoking.  It's true that snus is addictive, but addiction is less of a problem than cancer.  And despite the myths, it's never been shown to cause any type of oral cancer, tooth loss, gum decay or pancreatic cancer, despite the long standing rumor that it does.


I hope this helps.  I'd be happy to answer any questions about quitting by switching to snus, and I'm ready to help anyone who is interested in doing that.


Chad
