A story, in case anyone is needing some motivation to stop

I've never been a smoker, but everyone is always asking me why I'm so vehemently opposed to smoking. So here I am with my story! I have no interest in policing people's smoking habits, so I thought I'd share this story here since you are a community already trying to quit (MAD respect for you by the way!). Fair warning, we're about to get personal.

My mother has been smoking for almost 35 years now. I am her oldest child, and she had been smoking for about 13 years when she had my younger brother. My brother was diagnosed with cancer at age 4. He is a survivor, but had to go through treatments no child should ever have to suffer--26 spinal taps (I'll never forget how much he screamed every time), a bone marrow transplant, etc. The outcome of his life has been drastically changed due to the aggressive treatments he had to undergo. 

Now, there is obviously no way I can say that his cancer was certainly a result of her smoking. But the type of cancer he had is highly correlated with parental smoking and childhood exposure to secondhand smoke.  Despite this evidence, my mother is still a pack-a-day smoker and has never made an effort to quit.

 I know that this does not make me the bigger and better person, but I can't help but feel that her smoking played a large role in what happened to my brother. I always wonder if my brother could have had a regular childhood if she had quit smoking years before we were born. I've carried that grudge my entire life, and I don't know that I will ever be able to let it go. Taking care of her addiction comes before anything else in her life; even before her children. I've watched her hobbies and former self slip away over the years--now her day-to-day life consists only of smoke breaks and whatever small things she does in between them. 

Its absolute torture to see someone you love let an addiction control their life. If you won't quit for yourself, do it for the people who care about you. 