On day four and I just need to talk.

I think I just need to ramble a bit to people who truly understand what I'm going through. 

I *was* a smoker for four years (about half a pack or more per day) and on May 31st I had a random urge to quit. I never thought I'd want to quit, but I did for a brief moment so I destroyed my remaining cigarettes - it was the last half pack in my carton - and I told my husband when he got home. I handed over my credit cards and asked that he support me, and he was thrilled. I knew I was in for a battle this weekend, but I never realized it'd be so difficult. 

I am glad that the urge to quit happened on a Friday because my husband was home all weekend to lift me up and help me stay strong. I've been crying a lot, and I stopped wanting to quit about two hours after I destroyed my cigarettes. I don't feel strong enough, I feel weak and pathetic. I didn't realize how strong my addiction was, and the past few days have been a roller coaster. 

I've had several really low moments where I just laid in bed and sobbed like a baby because I couldn't smoke. How embarrassing is that? I have painfully had to admit to myself that I am a drug addict. Maybe there isn't a needle in my arm, but I'm a drug addict who exhibits the behavior of a drug addict. 

The weirdest thing for me is that I felt like I split in half when I decided to quit smoking. I'm trying to separate myself from the addict, and it's the hardest thing I've ever had to do. I'm trying to find myself again, and trying to claw my way out of this hole that I've been sitting in for four years. But that addict part of me is so strong and so persuasive. I haven't cheated yet or given up yet, but I would have if my husband wasn't there to stop me. I am trying to be strong, but I feel like my addiction is stronger. The other half of me keeps saying that I *don't* want to quit. I think somewhere deep down, I do want to, but I keep losing that tiny little voice that's telling me that I'm strong enough to beat this. 

Last night, my husband fell asleep on the couch around 10 or so. Ever since I'd finished eating dinner hours earlier, that addicted part of me wouldn't shut up. I wanted to give up and I almost did. I grabbed my debit card out of my husband's wallet and was about to leave, but I stopped myself at some point. I knew I wouldn't be able to face him. I couldn't stand to imagine the look of disappointment in his eyes. I knew we'd get in a fight about it. I'd feel so ashamed. Instead of leaving, I curled up next to him on the couch and started crying, which woke him up. I said I wasn't strong enough, I couldn't do it, I'm so pathetic, blah blah blah. He got upset hearing me say those things. He's been so sweet and supportive, encouraging me and telling me how proud he is and how strong I am. He was pissed that I was going to go buy smokes, so he put the car keys and wallet under the mattress so I couldn't get to it. 

My husband was glad that I didn't do it, but I felt like my motivation for not doing it was that I didn't want to feel his wrath. He's doing what's best for me. He's doing this out of love. It makes me angry and happy.

Right now, I feel like I'm quitting for him and not for me. Logically, I know this is what's best for me and I know I should and need to quit, but I fucking hate him and love him for making me commit to my original decision. Right now, I don't feel strong enough to quit for *me* but I'm hoping that I'll feel that way soon. I'm hoping that my addict will shrivel up and die soon. I'm hoping that one day I won't have the urge to smoke again. I keep trying to remind myself that by smoking, I'm choosing my addiction over my husband. If I continue to smoke, it *will* kill me prematurely and my husband will be wifeless and that would be an awful thing to do. I'm trying to quit for *us* so we have a long and happy life together. But fuck, that addict is nearly impossible to shut up, and she doesn't care about my future. She wants to smoke **right now** consequences be damned. 

I feel like it's sort of helping me to imagine my addiction as a horrible friend who is ruining my life and trying to kill me and drag me down. She is not me, and I am not her. I have to be stronger than her and leave her here and keep moving forward. 

I know I probably sound like I'm losing my mind. Maybe I am, but I just needed to get this off my chest. I'm already feeling a little better. Thanks for listening, if you did. I can do it, I think. I hope that the hardest part is over.