I've finally set a quit date.

Hi stopsmoking. I (27F) am a long-time lurker, first-time poster, and I've finally set a date.

I have been a smoker for 9 years now. I have gone without cigarettes for a few weeks or months here and there and haven't found it too difficult those times, but this time, set on quitting for the rest of my life, I'm filled with immense dread. Honestly, I'm scared of failing. I'm scared of cravings and triggers. I'm scared that this will be another thing I don't see through, another display of how weak-willed I truly am. 

I have told my SO a number of times over the last 12 months that I'm thinking of quitting, but I never quite got around to it. My SO is a smoker and he has no intentions of quitting which is fine with me, but I've been using this as an excuse, saying it will be too hard if I try to do it on my own. And it will be hard, but he is supportive and will do his best not to entice me.

I'm just so tired of it. I'm tired of having minty fresh breath before bed and still waking up to the taste of an ash tray. I'm tired of worrying about whether my family can smell it on me. I'm tired of wasting money when money is already tight. I'm tired of my own excuse that as long as I'm smoking, it's not worth watching what I eat or exercising anyway, and I'm tired of scheduling my life around when I can smoke again. I've wasted some of the best years of my life on being a smoker, and for what? An increased risk of heart disease, stroke and any number of other unpleasant ways to die? No thanks. I barely enjoy 90% of the cigarettes I smoke in a day anyway. Why the hell am I even doing it? 

So, here goes: Monday 16 February 2015, hopefully the start of a smoke-free life for me.

I don't plan to go cold turkey, as such; I think that would be extremely difficult given my live-in SO smokes and I want to give myself the best chance of success. Instead I have a few ideas on how to distract myself when cravings hit and when that's just not enough, I have my vaporiser charged and ready. 

I have goals, two Quit apps installed, a supportive partner, a kitchen stocked with healthy food, my first semester of uni to focus on and the support of the stopsmoking community. As scared as I am, I think this is the best chance of success that I've ever given myself. 

Wish me luck.