Scared shitess but resolved.

So I'm totally freaking out right now. I have about an hour before bed which means I'll get one or two cigarettes in before bed. Then its goodnight and good riddance. 

What I'm also experiencing is a small voice trying to convince me to just say fuck it. That I'm going to fail and shouldn't quit. I know from previous addiction cessation that this is the addiction trying to hang on. 

I also know from previous attempts that I lose all brain to mouth filters and have little to no patience. Normally this isn't an issue because I could just go smoke. Using the cigarette as a sort of comfort blanket or wall between me and whoever or whatever but the older I get the less and less I enjoy smoking. I can't handle the cold temps of fall-winter-spring at night, getting dressed just to get a fix and then coming back inside just wreaking of stench (according to my SO and everyone else); I've had it. 

Speaking of my SO, he told me two nights ago that my smoking is a complete turn off. That he hates kissing me or cuddling because I smell so bad. This hurt me deeply. It's my number two reason to quit. I'm just worried that I'm going to hurt him emotionally through this process. We've been together for three years and are engaged. I don't want to lose the love of my life for a fix or lack thereof. In words he's stated that he'll be supportive and has offered to go walking and jogging with me when the cravings hit but I worry he won't be mentally up for the challenge.

I'm scared that I'll be overwhelmed by the urges. My last serious attempt to quit smoking landed me in the ER. As I had no way to relieve the stress as it entered my life, it stored up. Then one day it manifested itself in a few strange and abnormal ways. I was spontaneously orgasming then losing muscle control on my left side. I was given Xanax and sent home. The Xanax and scare that I was stroking out really did a number on me and I purchased my favorite brand and started back up.

I have chosen an exercise routine and have plenty of oral tools such as straws, gum, mints, and a fresh jar of peanut butter with a new bundle of celery. So physically I'm set. Its the emotional battle that's about to ensue I'm scared of.

Sorry for the rant. 

Tl;Dr -- I've been hesitant to attempt stopping smoking again because of fear until my SO confessed his dislike of my smoking. Words of encouragement are appreciated.