Stopped smoking, became a vegetarian. Haven't felt this healthy in years.

I started smoking on my sixteenth birthday. It was at school. I was kind of the class rebel so I just did it to break the rules. I liked it. So I kept smoking. At the age of 17 got two collapsed lungs. Stopped smoking for six months. Started again on a drunk night. Still liked smoking.  
  
Age of 22. Got two collapsed lungs again. Kept on smoking after operations. Became depressive at age of 23. Didn't like anything anymore, up to the point where I didn't even liked smoking. Never came out of the house, it was easy to quit. Became happy again next summer, started smoking again, meeting friends, dating girls. Really loved smoking. Decided for myself smoking made me unhappy so I should smoke or I would become depressive (which is strange reverse causality).  
  
Been together with a girl for a while now. We both quit. Was pleased to see a subreddit on quiting smoking. I have read some experiences and tips from other fellow quitters. Two things sticked. I should stop seeing being physically and psychologically addicted as two different things and I should try new things in life, things that totally change who you are, that change your personality.  
  
First. I started to go out for a run now and then. Doubled my average distance (I run upto 8 km now), just 2 weeks after my smokestop. Second. There is a sensitization going on the media in my country which encourages you to eat less meat for forty days. Decided to get some info on vegetarianism. Made the choice to ban meat from my life, where possible. Third. Read some articles on porn addiction on reddit. Banned pornography in all its forms out of my life.  
  
Result:  
- Stopped smoking for 25 days.  
- Became vegetarian since 12 days.  
- Pornographyfree since 10 days.  
  
I do smoke a blunt now and then. Which I don't consider smoking as I don't give into the nicotine addiction, it is for a totally different purpose.  
  
I feel fricking awesome. I haven't really gained or lost weight. I have never loved a girl this much as I do now. I feel healthy. I learned a lot of new cooking. I'm not out of breath when running up the stairs.
  
I do feel some kind of superiority compared to smokers. After 10 years I managed to stop.  
  
Thanks for reading.