Really? I made it another day?

My father and I share very close birthdays. He turned 70 this year and we all got together and celebrated his health. My papa use to smoke. I know on some level, he must blame himself as a father for me picking up the habit.

He is getting old. I am his third Son and the runt of the litter. I want him to see all his son's happy, healthy, and married with children, so I bought a week's worth of 14mg patches. Normally I buy the 7mg and have *a* cigarette. But I didn't want to stink at all during the visit.

The first day of the visit comes around and I realize I haven't had a cigarette in a couple days. In the 7 years I've been puffing, a stretch of time 100% without a cigarette has only happened a half-dozen times. The longest I ever lasted was a week and it was absolute hell. I keep asking my father if he's 'noticed his birthday gift yet.'

The night of the celebration I tell him quitting smoking is my gift to him. In front of every family member. I can't go back on that. Even if it meant using a patch for the rest of my damn life. The idea that a cigarette would be stronger than - essentially - my own father dying in peace, that his sons are on the 'straight and narrow' is just too perverted.

So I keep using the patch, and I keep not smoking. So long as I take a daily run it's easy. No sweat. I realize I have an opportunity to *kill all the physical movements and psychological habits before tackling the withdrawal itself.* So I go everywhere and do everything I would in a routine week: the bar, friends places, drinking a pot of coffee, sitting on the porch, work, whatever. I even go 'outside to smoke' but instead just cool off. I don't run from the sight of other smokers, or feel the temptation to get a drag. After all I'm on a patch that's so strong (for me) that it basically puts me on the goddamn moon.

After the first week I buy the 7mg to taper down, but the very next day forget to swap patches. The drug runs out in the middle of my graveyard shift. But I'm tired and out of it, so I'm just taking everything out on the custodial equipment - alone - and have no idea why I'm so mad. 

Dawn comes and I've calmed down. I figure there's no point putting another patch on. The '12-hour anger hump' is a strong theme of any time I've tried to quit and it's been the killer more than once.

Since then I keep waking up each morning, searching my memory, and realizing I did not, in fact, have a cigarette yesterday. I'm not sitting here thinking "how long can I last." I'm thinking: "huh... well okay. What shit needs to get done today?"

I'm sure there's more challenges down the road for me in getting over the habit. But I feel like I'm packing Excalibur and Paul Bunyan's clearing the way for me.

This is my path out. I stumbled across it. Maybe it's your path out too.