Awful withdrawal side-effects

So pretend I'm writing this last night.

I had a tiny amount of tobacco in my pipe 36 hours ago.

 
 


Before that, I don't remember how much I had exactly but it wasn't a lot and I've been cutting down the past few days a lot in general.



 
 


That was sometime early morning, the rest of the day I had cravings, maybe a slight headache, but it was bearable.

Then I wake up the next day, I'm constipated, and when I do try to take a dump either nothing will come forth, or I'll get disgusting goopy liquid, or if I'm lucky some sloppy glops of shit. Sorry for the visual imagery, here's some /r/Eyebleach .

At this point I thought I must have eaten some undercooked pizza the night before, and all morning I was having digestive troubles like this which went on for most of the day.

By the afternoon of the second day, I had headaches non-stop, some ibuprofen took care of those pretty well for the most part, I was constantly sweating from my armpits and having to change t-shirts, then I'd take a shower and immediately start sweating again.

Cravings are really intense at this point. I'm extremely irritable, and I'm about to rip off someones head just because I can hear them talking elsewhere in the house. 

And the worst part at this point was the abdominal pain/cramps. It felt like a horse had kicked me in the abdomen.



 
 


At this point I still thought I must have eaten something bad, but then I started googling nicotine / tobacco withdrawal symptoms and discovered that it can actually cause this! Who knew? I certainly didn't. Whenever you hear people talk about quitting all you hear is about how "hard" or "difficult" it is, I had *no idea* that it could actually cause you physical pain, gastrointestinal distress and all that crap.

The abdominal pain was becoming unbearable and I was about to try and sleep so I caved and smoked about 1/4 of a cigarette. Almost immediately, after about 30 seconds the pain started to subside, and after 5 minutes it was completely gone.

I was also lying back in my chair for about 3 minutes with my eyes rolled back in my head because of how good the nicotine rush hit me, you know what I'm talking about, when you go for so long and then have some. Then I guess after the abdominal pain subsided something happened in my intestines and I started farting a lot. I'm guessing the withdrawal somehow stops the muscles of your intestines from working - hence the constipation and pain.




 
 


Anyway, I was *really* disappointed with myself for having to smoke, I can't stand being a slave to this shitty drug.

My friend told me to taper, but I said, "no cold turkey is the way to go, otherwise it's always "just one more" etc", but I mean, with it causing me actual physical pain, what else can I do?



 
 


My plan now is to wait another 36 hours and see what the pain is like then, if it comes back at all, if it does return and is unbearable, I'll smoke another 1/4 of a cigarette to get rid of it, then repeat the same process every 36 hours, or however long it takes for the pain to get unbearable again, but I won't go backwards and smoke any /before/ 36 hours.

If I last say, 40 hours this time before I need another smoke, then I'd wait 40 before doing it again, etc etc, you know what I mean, until eventually either the pain stops happening, or the time between the severe withdrawal symptoms is so great that they just stop happening altogether - who knows, maybe in... 25 hours from now (11 hours since I took that 1/4 smoke) I won't get any pain at all and then I can just quit completely then, which would be nice.

 
 




Anyway apologies for the huge post, if you made it this far, I guess I'm just looking to see if anyone else experienced such severe symptoms as me when quitting and how you dealt with it etc.