One week in and I have itchy rash here and there. Did anybody else have this?

I've been smoking for 9 years, not always daily but always when I drank and then I smoked a pack. Me and my boyfriend decided to quit because it's effecting my voice and I sing, so I am not willing to give up my voice for this. I stopped cold turkey a week ago because I thought I was not addicted and that it was more about the social part and how good it was with a beer. Well, found out that I was full of shit.

Been having a hard week, first I only felt sad, like I just lost a part of my life that I liked that I would never have again, sitting outside in the summer with friends enjoying a cigarette and so on. Then everything bothered me, my boyfriend was doing everything wrong (I had a big serious talk about how to fold clothing right and then I reorganized the closet because he ruined it) and now I want to eat constantly. Oh yeah, I am also the fattest person that has been born on this planet according to my brain. On top of this I started to get rashes, first on my hand, then my back and now on my face. It's itsy and the ones in my face feel fat but I usually have super dry and smooth skin. Did anybody else experience this?

An other question, I went out on saturday, first time in 9 years that I go out without smoking. I walked through the central, spotting every single cigarette on my way with a face like [this](http://legaldiet.files.wordpress.com/2011/06/kellie20.png?w=300), replacing all the words coming out of my boyfriend with the word *smoke.* Then I met a friend that was trying to understand why I was being weird and I told her that I stopped smoking and turns out she did as well and had a ecig, I took a smoke from her and my frustration disappeared. So I am for sure addicted to nikotin and I was wondering what you guys think about ecig? Not to smoke everyday but more for these situation, when I am going out. 

Alright week 2, let's do this! 

 TL;DR: Did someone else get rashes when stopped smoking? What do you guys think about ecig?