Could use your advice on a situation. (Not quitting related, but possibly relapse related)

So when I was originally gearing up to quit I had looked into e-cigs. They were a decent transition tool for me that led to being nicotine free for nearing two years now(holy shit! 660 days!).

At the time my roommate tried them too but it didn't stick and he went back to regular cigs after a short time. Wasn't really a problem until recently, since he fortunately smoked outside. He recently found out how much e-cigs have grown and has gotten several setups with several different flavored liquids. This has led to him vaping in the house.

At first I didn't say anything, but his use increased substantially over a few weeks. We both have computer desks next to each other and game a lot, so that is pretty much where we spend most of our time. Long story short I kind of blew up at him and told him it stank and was driving me nuts. (I was getting a bit mental over it. Whenever I heard the bong noise I knew it would waft my way in about 30 seconds and could not concentrate on anything else during his heavy use about once every two minutes.)

Anyways, after I blew up about it, he was cool enough to stop for a while. I had let him know that regardless of the flavor he used, it always had a burnt caramel taste at the back of my throat that disgusted me, and that I didn't want to deal with any bit of nicotine. I let him know that my not smoking wasn't always solid, and that sometimes I think about starting back up. I just wanted nothing to do with it.

He has started using it when I am not on the room, and absentmindedly uses it during heavier gaming sessions. I can see he is trying to be courteous about it, but a recent conversation showed me how he really felt about it. He said that he didn't understand what my problem was with it and that there wasn't any risk of second hand nicotine. I was floored. This guy is really smart. I have no clue how he came to this idea. Is this what I sounded like when I smoked? This was the first time I think I ever told someone that I was just done talking. Normally I like to discuss things in depth. I just could not see where he was coming from.

Anyways, I said:
1. It smells nasty to me. Some less than other, but stanly nonetheless.
2. I want to avoid nicotine. My life without cigarettes has only been better. I don't want to relapse.
3. I pointed out his increased use, and said it could be a good reason to go outside to vape. Wouldn't load up a really small house, and wouldn't encourage through the roof usage.

So, with all that being said, am I overreacting? Am I not compromising on my end? Am I beong unreasonable? I am looking for an honest answer guys, not just something supportive to make me feel better. I want to approach this on a logical, fair fashion that doesn't include the possibility of my rose colored glasses and how I see nicotine now.

Thanks ahead of time, an sorry for the 10k word essay.