Stopped smoking twice for 3+ months and still went back to these damn things

So long story short .. I'm 24 years old , started smoking when I was 16.. Classic only smoked when I drank ( yes I was drinking regularly at 16, lived with friends since I was 15), soon turned to smoking the left overs in the morning. Then somewhere down the slippery slope I became a smoker ... About a year and half ago I read Alan Carr's book "the easy way to quit smoking" .. Stopped smoking and drinking and started running and working out, lost 30 pounds and felt great . 3 months layer I went to disneyland and got drunk, bummed a smoke and lit up. The head change, the nicotine buzz, the old fling was reunited ... Hooked again...stopped running / working out & started drinking again 
Fast forward a year , Christmas Day actually , I was smoking outside and looked inside at my girlfriend and dog in our newly bought  house and thought wtf am I doing .. Put out the smoke and bought a patch in the mornin and never lit up for 4 months .. I drank occasionally and started smoking "prime times" convincing myself it's a small cigar not a cig... Well that only worked for about 2 months .. Now I'm trying to quit on and off and on this forum wearing the patch again trying to fight off the urge and failing again and again  .... I guess that wasn't a long story short, more like just a long story.  What I'm trying to ask or say is , 
Every time I have stopped for more then a week or two it was because my mind was in the right place , I felt confident and I "knew"I was going to "quit"   not just stop , but somewhere along the lines whether it be from alcohol ( still a recovering alcoholic) or from the confidence that I can't get hooked again , I quit before I can quit again attitude , that I still have picked up the smokes .. How did you all get your head in that place where you can quit ? Is there any tricks or methods you used to pull through the struggle of getting in the mindset to quit ? And lastly , how did you finally past the 3-4 month mark once you feel your safe ? 
Sorry for the long message , but i have no where else to turn and just needed to get it off my chest  and try to try some help from people with experience in this matter. 
Thank you 