my real story. 33 years old and a hip replacement.

There's a real person behind this text, typing my true story.  This isn't a Cancer Society Ad.  I'm a real 33 year old guy facing a double hip replacement for no specific reason.  I'm not sure that nicotine was the only direct factor in my diagnosis, but there's no way it helped.  

I've smoked on and off, and used Nicotine lozenges for about 13 years.  Monday I was diagnosed with Avascular Necrosis.  Basically, the blood supply to the "ball" in my hip joint was cut off, and the bone died.  If you google it, it occurs mostly in Transplant Recipients, alcoholics (I'm honestly not, despite my username), long term steroid users (legal and illegal), and people who have had trauma/injuries to the hip joint.  Most of the pages won't mention nicotine, so what does this have to do with smoking?

There's not very much room between bones in the hip joint.  The blood vessels need to be very small to fit between them.  Nicotine constricts capillaries and kills blood flow in joints, especially toes/fingers/extremities.  I'm sure we've all see the Stop Smoking ads with an amputee putting on his legs.  Smoking contributes and enhances the ability for countless syndromes and diseases to propagate throughout your body.

My right hip is 100% screwed.  My left is 50% with a much higher chance of progressing to 100% than stopping where it is (no chance of it ever being reversed).

Maybe if I hadn't picked up cigarettes, I wouldn't be having these issues.  Maybe it's just my bad luck and they would need replaced anyway.  I've never had any health issues, and hadn't even seen a Dr in 10 years before some occasional hip pain started bothering me a few months ago.  Fortunately, this is something that can be fixed.  It could have been something sentencing me to death.

You and I are made of the same thing.  There's nothing that makes your flesh different than mine.  I can't say "it won't happen to me" anymore.  I have medical proof that I'm no longer invincible. In fact, I never was.  And neither are you.

thanks for reading, I needed to vent to someone!

tldr: my hips need replaced, smoking was probably a contributing factor, stop smoking
