8 days in!

I quit the night of Saint Patrick's Day after walking a block through 20mph wind to find a doorway to stand in to shiver and smoke. I started smoking pretty much as soon as I turned 18, and quit maybe for a year around 19, again for a week about 2 years ago, and sometime in early February I was down to 1-2 cigarettes a day for a week or so, but I absolutely hated it and really didn't think I could ever quit. 
This time feels completely different, I'm on day 8 and feel entirely normal. The turning point for me was realizing what a craving IS - it's not the "Mmmm, a cigarette would be so nice right now" it's the tricky logic that my brain starts to spew when I'm on my second glass of wine that says "Of course it makes sense to smoke right now, and it wouldn't even really count" In the past seven years I haven't given myself any time to even CRAVE - I've smoked at every available opportunity and followed every trigger. Learning what a crave is has helped me so much, because I know that's the only time I really need to battle the garbage.
I didn't cut out coffee or drinking, a.) I thoroughly enjoy 'em both and can't imagine a life without ANY vices and b.) I really thought I needed to learn how to handle triggers right out the gate and simply live the way anyone who doesn't smoke would. 
That being said, without cigarettes, I'm really not drinking alcohol/coffee as much as I usually have. A bottle of wine a night is the norm for me, but in the past week it's taken a few days to finish a bottle. I also had 3 beers last night and woke up wicked hungover this morning. Has anyone else experienced this? I'm wondering if somehow I'm just metabolizing everything differently. 

I'm down to maybe 2 craves a day, and it's usually in the evening. I used to be the most smokinest girl I knew - 10-15 American Spirit rollies a day, and I never thought I'd quit, I never thought I'd WANT to quit. But now that I'm this far in and I've built up this momentum I'm entirely determined to keep it up. 

Clear eyes, full heart, can't lose, let's do this!


(I once tried to quit by eating close to 2 pounds of carrots a day to keep up the oral fixation and had alarmingly bright orange shits for days, not recommended) 
