Need your help again, guys.

Probably around 140 days ago, I was browsing reddit and clicked on 'random' and was brought to this sub. I had wanted to quit smoking for a few years, and had done it before, but I started again. I came back here and decided to subscribe, hoping that seeing reminders daily would help me quit. Well, one of the links I clicked on was a PDF of allen carr's book. I won't get into opinion here, but basically, it worked for me, and I'm so fucking grateful you guys, and I'll tell you why.


My mom has been smoking for over half her life, probably close to 35 years or so, 2 packs a day. Well, as of 2 months ago, her hands started to go numb. I told her that it was caused by smoking, but she didn't want to hear it, as most addicts choose not to. She kept going to the doctors and hospitals trying to figure out what was causing it, as she was in pain. Some doctors said nerve damage, others said there was nothing wrong. But I knew. 

So now, or as of a few days ago, her hands have started to turn blue/black. I know what this means, that there's no oxygenated blood getting into her extremities. She finally let me break her cigarettes(something she's never even come close to doing before) and she quit 3 days ago. I'm so proud of her, i can't imagine how hard it would be to quit a ~35 year old habit, but she's doing it. It's just sad that it had to come to this.

So I have a few questions, and I'd really appreciate any answers, especially from people who might have gone through this themselves. 

**1)** What are the chances of her circulation improving enough so that they don't have to amputate?
(most important question to me ^)

2) what does this mean for the rest of her body? It's likely that she's filled from head to toe with plaque and tar. When it's bad enough for the veins in her hands to be narrowed, that probably means that her heart isn't far behind, am I right?

3) what the fuck can I do guys? I'm so mad at her, but that doesn't help a thing. How can I help her?

I had more questions, but i'm getting sad, maybe I'll type them out in the comments or add an edit. But for now, I could really use some advice, and no sugarcoating. Thank you guys for everything, really. I appreciate it.