today's the day.

today after i had a long talk with my boyfriend i decided i'm ready to quit. its time. but this time will be hard, i tried quitting several times before. and each time i just went back and went back. it was like a bad relationship. i'd hate it yet i loved it at the same time. my body wanted more. but i knew it was wrong. I am 20 and i have been smoking since i was 13. One of the main reasons i want to quit is because I had gotten an Upper respiratory infection along with laryngitis, my voice is still gone. and i am a singer, i love to sing. and i cant even get a note out.  my doctor told me the cigarettes are rough on my vocal cords. and my voice may not return unless i quit. but i continue to sit here and smoke. and i hate it. i've dealt with withdrawal in the past. and it was by far the worst experience in my life. i don't know if any of you care but it was with crystal meth. I quit after 5 months of using, my body ached , i couldn't sleep, i lost weight, i was sweaty, my body felt like it was punishing me for trying to heal it. but eventually it all went away. I am afraid this withdrawl will be similar because I've decided to quit for good. No looking back. it will be very hard i know it. My mother smokes and i live with her. all of my buddies smoke. The other issue is im currently losing weight, and have been eating right i lost 25lbs (yay me) and have 15 more to go, but I've heard smoking curbs your appetite and when you quit you start to get hungry alot and start to gain weight. i would hate for that to happen after all the work i've done to be this small. i feel like a big baby, because i cried a bit thinking about not smoking. because like i said above its like a relationship. if that makes any sense at all. i smoked after eating, during conversations, before bed etc. i have a few questions and i'd love some words of advice please from anyone. 

my questions to quitters :
how long was your withdrawal? and how bad was it?

why did you stop?

will i start to eat a lot from quitting? 

and what can I do to get my mind off of smoking?
i feel like a big baby, because i cried a bit thinking about not smoking. because like i said above its like a relationship. if that makes any sense at all. i smoked after eating, during conversations, before bed etc.

thank you so very much for listening, and answering my questions.i truly appreciate it. i don't have much friends to talk to about this because they all say "you'll bounce back, you're gonna smoke again etc" they are not helpful at all. 