190 days!

I'm an 18 year old guy who first started smoking at the age of 13. I was diagnosed with asthma at age 12.  Let me tell you how it all started. I had a close childhood friend (we've drifted apart now, for the better) who had a basement near his house. So we went there and each time we went, we'd go chill in the basement and have some smokes he either stole from his dad or bought at a shop nearby. He'd pay extra money to show he was grateful for someone to sell him those cigarettes anyway. Days, weeks, months passed and we'd do it. Afterwards I'd quickly get perfume and spray it all over myself to hide the stench from my parents. It worked. They never found out I smoked until the day I came clean. First my mom, then my dad. My mom got mad at me, whereas my dad didn't really care that much. He was a heavy smoker once, but he quit. Just like that; cold turkey. His fingers would get black from smoking cigars. Anyway, fast forward to age 14/15. I was at a party (it was more like a sleepover kind of party) and some classmates of mine were smoking. I walk up to them and bum a cig. They give me one, as they are surprised. "Since when do you smoke, Jonny?! Hahaha Jonny smokes too! AWESOME!" So they all wanted to see how I smoked. Well, turns out I did it wrong the entire time! I never inhaled it. From that point on I would buy so many cigarettes. I had this good friend, and we'd always buy cigarettes and share them with each other. If he had 1, we'd share it. If I had 2, I'd give him one, you know the drill. We became close friends. Anyway, fast forward to age 17 and I had been smoking everyday (I was 16 when I told my parents I smoked). A pack a day. Heck, maybe even more. I don't want to know how much money I've wasted on these stupid things. I might as well have rolled up each $10 note I spent on cigarettes, roll it up and smoke it. Same effect. I used cigarettes as an outlet for my depression. I kept hurting my mom because I kept smoking. I never quit. Sometimes she'd find another pack of cigarettes in my jeans or my jacket and she would once again get mad at me. At this point I had already quit quite some times. Maybe like 2 or 3 times. Everyone who knew me was impressed. "Man, that's amazing! How can you quit just like that?!" Flash forward to me being 18, I decided I should quit once and for all. I did, but not before I had one last pack. I felt shitty. That was my trigger---feeling all shitty and depressed. Well, it's been roughly 190 days (I can't tell how long EXACTLY, but it's been definitely over half a year now) and I still haven't touched a single cigarette. Just like my dad, I quit cold turkey. Guess it runs in the family, huh? 