What are your most tangible motivations for quitting?

Obviously we all want to improve our lifestyles and improve our health in the long term, but those goals can be kind of abstract. In the ~30 hours since I've had a cigarette and many months that I've been working up to re-quitting, I've been thinking a lot about the negative impact of smoking on my daily life, all of the little things that my addict brain would ignore. I thought compiling a list might help keep me motivated, maybe you can help me think of other ones I'm not considering. Sorry, my nicotine-deprived brain is only half working so this is going to stream-of-consciousness. 

1. Constant coughing. The catalyst for me to quit smoking was on Friday night, when I was watching my friend's seven year old daughter and I found myself hyper aware of my cough for the first time in months. I've had a terrible cough for years, but it's become so normal to me that I don't even notice it. I didn't want the kid to think I was sick, so I kept stifling it, which made talking and breathing really difficult. I kept finding excuses to go to a different room so that I could cough surreptitiously just to get some relief from the phlegm that was building up. Sorry, gross. Anyways, I know that in the future when I go back to school and have to sit through 3 hour long lectures, stifling my cough will become much more of an issue, like it has been in the past. Breathing shouldn't be difficult.  

2. Chest pain and wheezing. I've been smoking a half pack a day for 6 years, and I have a deep fear that I've already given myself a lung disease, because the area under my ribs is always sore and sometimes I wheeze. Usually I just suppress those thoughts, but in the back of my mind, any time I feel a lump in my throat my subconscious automatically thinks "you have cancer and you're going to die" and I feel guilty and scared and terrible. This is always on my back burner, and it has a huge impact on my daily mood and self esteem. 

3. Having to go without a cigarette or find excuses to go outside and have one. I have a very addictive personality and low impulse control when it comes to smoking. If I'm at an airport and I have a connecting flight that leaves in 30 minutes, I *will* go outside to smoke and go back through security, even if it means risking missing my connection. If I'm in class and a craving strikes, I'll leave and go outside, even I'm missing something important or it's completely obvious to my peers that I'm going out to smoke. People probably think of me as "that girl who smokes." I digress. If it's been a few hours since I've had one and I can't get outside, it becomes the only thing I can think about and the stress is overwhelming. 

4. Trash. I usually throw away empty cigarette boxes, yet somehow there are still piles of them everywhere. 10 boxes in my glove compartment. 20 in my desk drawer. 7 under the bed. And then there are the cigarette butts, the overflowing ashtrays on every porch, the deck that's turned black with soot, the fear that one day I'm going to fail to extinguish one completely and it will all go up in flames and burn my house down. (That last one just occurred to me while I was writing this: I'm always scared about a fire.) I've been watching *Hoarders,* and without fail every single person on that show smokes, and it seems to be intrinsically connected to the deterioration of their personal environments. I hate that I'm headed down that path. 



That's all for now but I'll keep editing this post as I think of more, I want to have something to look at when I'm having a bad craving. Please add your own!
