Finally a month!

smoked for 5 y.
longest quit for 6m.
relapsed for 8m.
OH well this will be little bit long, thanks for reading :D

Hey guys, as i stopped smoking i started NoFap challenge also.(take this subreddit with reserve, its about quiting porn and masturbation, but some people are crazy there)
Belive me or not, but abstaining the second thing is much harder than not smoking. I barely think of smoking right now.


So in whole month i wasnt sad and im serious right now, i was happy, very agnry or just normal, but never sad. This never happened to me before, i had this moodswings every week where i became sad for day or two.

I started to go to gym again and working out much harder with all the blood flow increase. This week i started doing legs every time i hit the gym, which is crazy and i hate that :D

Two weeks ago i stopped eating real sweets too, chocolates and bon-bons and sodas. I never had issues with weight i would be even glad to gain some for gym, but i rather eat oranges, beans, rice, meat etc. (just to be honest i eat for example vanilla/blueberry/... cottage cheese after main food, but it doesnt have much sugar or pancakes once in awhile)


I finally tried streaming on twitch for a week-two and i had little audience, i liked it, it was very exhausting though, but at least i got a chance to realize that this hobby isnt really for me, because in some point i would like to have money from it and in this days you must start this really as something you love to do, which i apparently dont.


From yesterday i stopped playing games completelely and im reading instead. My brain is starving, like for real, but somehow this makes me feel so much more alive, like im doing something for myself finally, progressing. 


Last 2 things to do is to find a proper job, because i was working with my step father and i hated that job even if it was well paid, i just cant bring myself to do it. After my grumpines and his coolnes he told me to find a job i really want to do. So im stuck, im thinking of being barman/waiter in one of the literal cafe pubs, but im still not sure what i want to be or what to do, but i need to move on somewhere... and i need to finish my citizenship, but so much paperwork and running around offices traveling to diferrent corners  of a country must be done even if i live here 17years, but its my last year of permanent residence, i just hate that i must do it...


Well thank you for listening, i hope you have great day of not smoking, stay vigilant!

seems like i need to find a real life support group :D at least this site looks like it which is great.

TLDR:
Many positive changes, not being sad, gym, nofap, no games, reading, no sweets, but not everything is perfect, need to bring myself to find a job finish citizenship.