Quitting for the first time. Please help.

I guess you know it's bad when you're crying out desperately for help at 2:30 in the morning to a subforum on a web site.

Here is some background.

I began smoking... God, I can't even remember when. Four, five years ago? Has it been that long? Jesus. You know the familiar story-- your friend group is reaching that stage/age where they are becoming who they will be and some of them are smoking. They're drinking. They're smoking pot, they're doing other illicit activities. 

So it comes to you, and who are you? What are your choices? Growing up, I was surrounded by a strong Christian background and upbringing that was coupled with seeing the devastating effects of drug-related drama in my immediate family. I never smoked because I saw the colors it turned the walls in my house. The perfect rectangles of white that were uncovered when we took all the frames down as we were forced to move out when I was the tender age of twelve.

But here I was. A 19-year-old sophomore in college. I had already rebelled in my own ways against my traditional upbringing. I was in a band, I had tattoos, I had women, blah blah blah. So I started drinking too, and was having a blast. It ultimately led me to become a huge partier and eventually led to my expulsion from college. But what did I care. I was invincible, I was infallible. 

So I would get drunk, some friends would go outside to smoke (I made them go outside at my place... I would have no yellow walls at my apartment) and I would join every now and then.  Flash forward a couple years of this behavior, and it slowly began to creep into my routine. Get drunk, party, smoke. Lather, rinse, repeat. Eventually, the nicotine takes hold and seeps into you. Your body demands it of you. I recognized the qualities of it and the perils of smoking but at this point I felt compelled by the idea of it. By the habit of it.

I'm now 25. I started a job at a travel agency this past August. It was a huge pay jump and provides for me and my soon-to-be wife (marrying next June). When I was shown around the facilities, the building manager showed me around and brought me to the "smoking pit" where she inquired if I smoked. At this point, I was smoking so little because my fiancé despises it that I said no (I was smoking maybe one cigarette a day).

As of last week, I'm up to half a pack a day. In my life, that is an unheard of amount. For many that may seem like chump change but my body hates me for it. My job is nothing but sitting and being on the phone. Having previously worked in a restaurant before this position, I saw an initial weight gain of 22 pounds. I feel heavy, I feel like I look heavy. My chest feels heavy. My heart feels heavy... because my fiancé thinks I quit ages ago.

That's the worst part. She thinks I don't smoke. I go through so many troubles to make sure she can't smell it. Axe in the car. Chewing gum in all my pants. No lighters in the house. It's terrible. I hate the lie. I hate myself.

I haven't bought a pack since last Tuesday. I haven't had a cigarette in a day. My world isn't caving in, but I know the drill-- it's your mindset that controls you, not the cigarette. If I feel like I need it, I will need it. If I feel in control, then I will be.  But I need some help. I need backup.  I don't reddit often. I'm not a real contributor. But I do need someone out there, anyone, to tell me that I can do this. For her. For me, for my future family.

If you have any encouragement, I welcome it. If you have any tips, I welcome that as well. I just need to know there's somewhere I can go for help in kicking this depleting habit.

rh  