Since we have all quit smoking together, I have some tips that may help you.

To clarify, I have never truly quit smoking, perseverance and dedication is still the winner. But I have stopped smoking for extended periods of time until I fell back down the fiery pit.

Here are some of my tips that have really helped me before:


1. Keep a 'I commit to quit' diary, it really helps, when you finally kick the habit you will get very emotional, all of a sudden you have broken your first and strongest emotional crutch. Write anything and everything in that diary, it will be nice to say it out loud instead of just thinking it. Even share it with friends if you feel like it will help you.

2. A great technique that has worked for me is to just say no, don't think of anything, just. say. no. The idea of never smoking again, to be honest.. scares me. So instead of thinking about how I'm not going to smoke, I don't think about it at all. Every time I walk past the cigarette section of the supermarket, or pass by the smoking pit at work, I just say no! and get on with my life.

3. As most of you have probably realised, all of sudden you are so much happier more often, that you have finally realised just how badly smoking has held you back all your life. Embrace this! do something that you suddenly have the urge for, if you feel like taking a walk on the beach, do it! if you feel like climbing Mt. Everest, then book that motherf***ing plane ticket. You are no longer under the constant submission of nicotine, embrace your new found energy!

4. STAY HYDRATED, this really, reeeaaallllyyy helps. plus you have something to do with your mouth.

5. Do not touch alcohol (also coffee) with a 10 ft pole for a looong time, like at least 2 months. You may think you are strong enough to withstand it, but sink and beer and the craving will become insatiable, along with your poor judgement skills, this is a recipe for disaster.

I hope that some of these tips will help you, but remember that dedication and discipline is what takes you to the finish line.

we have all commit to quit! so keep strong and stay free!

best of luck to every last one of you.