Thirty minutes ago I put out the last cigarette I'll ever smoke.

I've been lurking in this sub for a few months and this is my first post. It will more than likely be lengthy but I'm honestly posting this for myself to look back on and remind myself of this moment if I ever think about smoking again rather than for any kind of response.

I have been a smoker for three years. If you would of asked me three days ago I would have only told you one. 
I started my first year of college and succumbed to peer pressure pretty quickly. I had the mindset of "I only smoke when I drink" and "I'll never be addicted." It was like that for two years until I finally, like most do, made the transition to full blown smoker. Ever since then I have always thought that I could quit anytime I wanted and I just did it to be social and because I liked it. Until I finally tried to quit.

My first quit attempt was at the beginning of the year in a pact with my roommate. I didn't smoke at all for a week and I felt great, but I made the mistake of having one more. In my head it was harmless but it started a chain reaction until I was constantly sneaking around to smoke, but not let my roommate find out for the fear of feeling like a failure. It was like getting caught in a rip tide. I thought for sure everything was ok until I turned around and I was miles away from shore.

Eventually I accepted the fact that I fell off the wagon and convinced myself that I didn't care, that I didn't want to quit. My roommates are all gone for the summer and I've been living alone since May. I knew that I didn't have to hide it so I kept chain smoking all day long and then it hit me. I was trapped. I was letting these things control my life. I had to do something.

I had read through some posts on this sub several times and I remember a constant appearance of Allen Carr's book. I constantly threw it off as nonsense, after all what could a book tell me that I didn't already know about smoking. I knew it was bad and I knew I needed to stop.

Well after weeks of failed attempts I finally broke down and decided to at least try it. After all I'm stuck in a house most days with nothing to do. Why not read a book. 

I started reading two days ago expecting horror stories of lung cancer, people with holes in their throats, and death via cigarettes. Basically every speech I have ever heard on why not to smoke. The only time I've ever been more wrong is when I lit my first cigarette expecting not to get trapped. 

I followed the books instructions and continued to smoke while I read. As I read, I found myself not dreading finishing and the book and tackling quitting but excited to be done with that last cigarette. The further I got the more I wanted to get to that final chapter and finally free myself from this awful disease. 

I closed the book a half hour ago and lit that final cigarette. I was an awesome feeling. Inhaling that last one was different than any other last cigarette I have ever smoked. Instead of feeling like I was about to embark on a rough journey I now feel like the rough journey is already over. I have no doubt that [this] (http://imgur.com/6ER3I90) was my final cigarette. 
 
TL;DR- I'm free.


