I just smoked my last cigarette.

And I REALLY, REALLY want it to be my LAST cigarette. Ever.

A few months ago, I quit for about a month and I was really proud of it. Then my 21st birthday rolled around and I started going to bars and drinking more often and I caved. When I first quit, I felt really empowered... but then when I watched other people smoking at the bar I felt like I wasn't "allowed" to partake in smoking and my thoughts went from "I'm never smoking again" to "Maybe just one here and there would be okay..."

It wasn't okay and I quickly went back to smoking a pack a day like I used to. I have a health condition that makes smoking even more dangerous for me and I feel horrible and guilty that I've continuously chosen cigarettes over my own health. But I know that I need to squash that and be as positive as possible if I'm really going to quit for good this time.

I've forgiven myself for my failures so far, and I really do think I'm ready. I mean, if not now, then when? I need to stop saying "well... after vacation" or "after I go out this weekend..." because right now is as good a time as any, and I'd be a fool to deny that. I'm just kind of scared, I guess. I've experienced that hellish first week of quitting: the smoking dreams, the general discomfort, the irrationality and mood swings, the inability to sleep. But I know I need to get through it this time.

I'm ranting. I'm not sure why I'm even posting this, I guess to get some kind of support or encouragement. This subreddit helped me A LOT the first time I quit, so thank you all for that. I'm surrounded by smokers and I don't really get any support in quitting otherwise so you guys are something of a godsend for me. I also just picked up Allen Carr's book and it's inspiring so far.

Any advice or just similar experiences would be really helpful. Thank you for reading.

edit: my badge says '13 days' right now but I'm waiting for it to be reset. I've reset it a number of times over the past few months and I'm determined to keep June 11, 2013 as my quit date!