2nd time quitting weed.

Ok here's a back story.



I'm 26 I have smoked weed everyday since 15-16 years old. Have thoroughly enjoyed every single moment of it and the people I've met, through it.



My father died 3 years ago and the first 6 months after he passed, for the first time in my Life I used weed to numb myself from any pain. After sixth months of smoking weed to forget about my grief, I realised I wasn't mourning my dads death in the right way and was simply just smoking away the pain.



I noticed this is what I was doing and I quit weed to clear my head and went 6 months completely clean. I felt amazing in some ways that I had done it without any fuss. My brain felt fresh and revitalised for the first time in years. I had a memory again, I cried for my dad and dealt with my grief.
I then relapsed. for the best part of 2 years and slowly got back to my old ways. At first it was a joint at the weekend, then it was every weekend then before I knew it, I was back to my old ways of smoking every evening and every weekend (all day).



However, this time I am not enjoying the habit like I used to. I am suffering from very poor memory, I'm deflated with absolutely no energy, I can't enjoy myself with or without it. I'm having panic attacks, things I've never had before.
So I have decided to make a change and quit for good. Today being day 1. I'm excited and anxious, as I was the first time round, but I'm feeling very positive and looking forward to all the positive things I personally have found from quitting weed the first time.



The reason for writing today is to get in my own head and understand the reasons for doing this (I find writing things down helps me to open up and understand my own thoughts). I also want to know from others how I then stay off for good and be able to enjoy the odd couple of puffs of weed without a full blown relapse. I do not intend to have any for at least 6 months.



Is it possible to go from a chronic everyday user to a occasional user????




Edit: Day one complete, I'll be honest, it was difficult but I made it through it and had a fantastic nights sleep. woek up for the gym and got out of bed first time without snoozing on my alarm clock and had a lot more enrgy in the gym to lift.



Edit 2: Day two completed. Its getting easier and I think my system is slowly flushing out all the thc. I'm feeling clearer in the head then I was yesterday and felt that much more fresh when I woke up for the gym this morning. Appetite is slightly depleted (not sure if that's the right way to describe it) but hey thats not the worse thing, I could do with shifting a pound or 10 ;-).

 