Serious question I should probably see a doctor.

I've been smoking for a little over a year. A pack every 2 to 3 days on average. I've tried to quit so many times that I honestly feel like just giving up (at least 10 times). 

I've never had any health problems but about 3 months ago I was smoking some weed with with my friend and all the sudden I felt my heart skip a beat. I immediately put my fingers up to my neck to check my pulse and I felt it do it again. It stopped for a second and then started beating again. A few seconds later my heart started racing super fast and I freaked out because I thought I was going to have a heart attack. I went outside to get some fresh air and my heart was racing for about 1-2 minutes before it started to slow down again and I felt a bit better.

I went to see a doctor, and got an EKG which came back abnormal. They  also did some blood tests and they called my mom and asked me to come back to discuss the blood work but it was nothing serious. I kind of got nervous and I never went back. 

Since then, I've noticed this happen occasionally (not the racing heart, but my heart will suddenly just skip a beat), usually if I'm doing any heavy lifting or after I smoke a cigarette. I've thought about mentioning this to my mom and asking to go back to the doctor to finish those tests or whatever but I keep telling myself 'I've only been smoking a year, I'm young, how the hell can it be anything serious?' I've cut back on smokes, but I still smoke at least a couple cigarettes every day. 

Today I noticed some blood in my stool and I went online to do some research and found out that blood in your stool can be a sign of fucking CANCER, and now I'm really freaked out. As I'm writing this I am realizing that I probably should talk to my mom tonight and go back to the doctors but I'm freaking out a bit about it. AND, its making me want to fucking smoke WTF. Go ahead and tell me what I already know  guys. Fuck.

EDIT: Forgot to mention I have chest pains pretty much every day. Sometimes its my left, sometimes my right, varies from day to day. 