two and a half months down the drain.

two and a half months ago i quit. not a single relapse. not even one smoke. i went through a bunch of really hard times, moved to another province, spent time with smokers. my partner smoked inside for a significant amount of the time when i initially quit. i was doing amazingly. 

my partner agreed to quit with me when i first quit. she backed out, and started smoking again. it was really, really hard to be around her. we started arguing about it, and i felt really bad about her smoking and the smell was excruciating and it was really difficult. she tried to quit again, got about two and a half weeks in, occasionally she smoked when things were stressful. then we moved provinces. we agreed that we didn't really have money for cigarettes and i had really decided at this point that i didn't want to be with a smoker. we would have so much spending money if we didn't smoke, we could afford nice beers, and to go on trips, we wouldn't have to work as much, things were looking great. we agreed that if she started smoking again we probably wouldn't have the money to move. 

the second day after we moved here, she started smoking.

i felt really stressed out. both of the people i know here smoke, and it was just more fights about money and cigarettes and what i want in life and i just couldn't do it. i consciously chose to have a cigarette, because if i also smoked it would keep my relationship intact. i can't quit smoking while living with my smoking partner. it just doesn't work for me, it's so difficult.

it's day four of living here, and i've had about six cigarettes. at first, they didn't taste very good. it hurt to inhale. but i just came in from my last cigarette and those things have gone away. i have cravings again, bad ones. the ones that come with headaches. those had mostly gone away for me, and had been replaced with desires but not cravings.

i feel so guilty. i feel horrible. i feel like it is all that i can do and i want to smoke but i also want to quit. i don't want to feel stressed out all the time about cigarettes and fighting about them and i don't want to smoke and i don't want to die. i feel like quitting smoking is fucking up my relationship and making my life really hard, and i feel like i just made a huge mistake. but i am not strong enough to do this! we also just moved to a place where my partner is no longer able to buy cigarettes (18 in the last province, but 19 in this one) and i will have to buy her cigarettes. and going to the store to buy cigarettes, and watching people smoke all the time, or having them walk out of conversations/etc. to smoke, is really hard.

i feel really horrible and stressed out and i don't want to smoke and i feel like i just fucked up my quitting and everything is really hard. 