Oh my gosh I was soooo painfully close to lighting up today....

Hi everyone! 
I made the decision to quit smoking a couple of weeks ago, and today is my 11th day. I've smoked about ten a day for the last 9 years, and this is the 3rd time i've tried seriously to quit. I've read Allen Carrs book, and am using the nicotine gum, as I do find that it helps.  
Well, today I had quite a stressful day at work, and by the time I left the office I was in a major battle with myself about whether or not to go and buy a packet of fags. 
It was like I had an angel on one shoulder and a devil on the other:
Devil: Go on, just buy a pack. One won't hurt
Angel: You've done 10 days, don't spoil it
Devil: You've had a rubbish day, you DESERVE a fag
Angel: do you really want to start clogging your lungs up again
Devil: You can have one and then quit again tomorrow
Angel: You know you don't want to be a smoker anymore. Don't give in.
And so on and so forth, for my entire commute home! It was exhausting!
I didn't give in - but the desire was OVERWHELMING. The worst craving i've had in the last 10 days. And all because I'd had a bad day at work. I had to really tell myself that having a fag wouldn't change the fact that i'd had a bad day, nor would it solve my problems.  
I texted my sister and my brother to tell them that I wanted a fag, and they were both like "no! you can do it, you're stronger than that".  Over the last ten days, I've been texting them every time I get a craving, and they've been so supportive and motivational, and I genuinly dont think I'd have got this far without them.
So definitely enlist the help and backing of the people who love you, to keep you going. I genuinly think that support and motivation is the most important thing when it comes to quitting...and I find nicotine gum also really helps (for times when they're too busy to reply :))
Or log on to this forum - i really enjoy reading the posts, and its good to know that others are in the same boat, going through the same things :) x