A bit younger than most of you guys, but ready to quit.

Hey everyone. So I've decided to stop smoking, for real this time, and I just felt that getting it out there would help me stay on the right path. I'm actually only 17, and I started smoking about a year and a half ago when I just turned 16. I started out just smoking with my older friends every once in a while, just taking a drag or two, but I've gotten to smoking around 3-6 a day for the past 6 months or so. I know that it's not that much compared to some people here, and that a lot of people might think it shouldn't be that hard to quit if I'm only smoking that much, but I feel that a substantial number of people don't realise what a problem smoking can be for high school students. 


Firstly, I started smoking because it calmed me a lot. Getting that huge buzz as a beginner to smoking felt great, and by the time the buzz disappeared, I had already made a habit of it. School can be really stressful. Some adults say that you should relax while you are still at school and enjoy yourself, but a lot of the time they have forgotten what being at school can be like. The constant pressure to keep up with classwork, getting hassled by parents and teachers even when you're keeping up and just the fact that exam results will determine a large portion of my future can be harrowing. This year especially because I'm applying to universities, so I'm reminded every day by at least one person that I HAVE to get certain grades or the future I want won't happen. This was the largest contributing factor to my increase in smoking. I had already started associating calmness with cigarettes, and that quickly turned into a crutch to depend on when I felt upset or stressed. 

The other hardship about smoking and quiting in high school is the social aspect of it. I will lose friends because I quit. That's just a fact. A lot of people my age are still quite narrow minded, so they see my dislike towards smoking as a dislike towards them because they smoke. Other people will think that I'm weak, uncool or just can't handle the smoke, so they will dislike me as well. 

If there's one thing that I would like everyone who reads this to remember it's that every day, there are kids my age, and even younger, who are smoking. Some of them are oblivious to the dangers, my own parents never talked to me about what the consequences could be, they just assumed I would never do it, and some of them know it's bad but can't stop. If you're a parent, guardian or just someone who had kids, not necessarily your own, in your life who trust you and will listen, please talk to them about it. I feel that if someone I knew had just sat with me and talked about how cigarettes wouldn't solve my problems then maybe I would have never started, and some kids just need someone to support them. Stopping at an early age has huge benefits, and helping someone doesn't take a tremendous amount of effort. It just takes a little bit of selflessness.