100 Days -- Stream of Consciousness rant

Holy shit. 100 Days since I last smoked.

I quit before, but never for this long. Earlier this year I made it 80ish days, but I tricked myself into thinking "Meh, I can have one cigarette...it won't hurt". One turns to 1 a day, which leads to 3 a day...then everyone is sick of you bumming, so you just buy your own pack...and all of a sudden, it's empty after a day and a half. 

My last cigarette was outside an airport, waiting for my fiance to pick me up. She was finally moving to be with me. I hate flying, so I wanted one to calm my nerves when I landed. I had a 3 day drive in front of me with her, so I didn't smoke that entire drive.

Then I got back...and I just kept on not smoking. A week, 2 weeks, a month...every day it gets a bit easier. I still get cravings though. I was at a bar to watch the MMA fight a week or two ago, and everyone was smoking...sure, I wanted one, but it was so gross. The smell on my clothes permeated everything; as soon as I got home I had to throw it in the washing machine. And to think -- I smelled like that every day.

Hell, to be honest, I don't really "feel" that much differently (I'm a big dude, need to lose weight to magnify the effects of quitting). I don't wake up as congested anymore, which is nice. I don't wake up with that horrible death feeling in my lungs as much, but it still comes at times (mixed with heartburn...it's not fun). But I kinda expected a complete shift in how I felt, and it didn't happen. Doesn't matter though; I still quit smoking.

I still can't run worth a damn, and I get winded too easily. Years of fucking up your lungs will do that to you I guess. I can only hope I can get the motivation to go to the gym soon so I can start being in better shape.  

I feel pity for people who need to take smoke breaks. Especially in the winter -- they need to go outside, light up, deal with that weather for a few minutes...I used to enjoy it. I said I liked the cold. And the rain. I was convinced I loved standing in the elements, holding a cigarette in one hand and holding my other hand over it so the rain wouldn't put it out.

 I used to work in restaurants, and that's how you got your rest -- smoke break. Being in restaurants since I quit...I can tell when my server just had a smoke. It's gross. 

I once landed from a flight and didn't have any cigarettes. Couldn't find anyone to bum off of when I got out of the airport. Got to my car, and drove looking for the first gas station. Couldn't find one. Got off on a random road -- I live in a major metro area, surely there are gas stations. Couldn't find out. I was freaking out because I "needed" a cigarette". Yelling to myself, alone in my car, cursing everything and everyone because I needed my fix and I couldn't get it. I'm sure it would be funny to anyone if they could've seen. But damn, it was pathetic. 

Having this subreddit helped. I've posted before, when I quit before, proud for quitting "for good". But I always caved. This was probably my 6th or 7th genuine attempt. The other times I quit, I caved...sometimes after a few days, once after 2 months. But this time, I'm not caving again. 

I'll always be a nicotine addict though. There's no doubt in my mind that for the rest of my life, I'll have a little demon in my mind telling me to celebrate with a cigarette, or to deal with stress by smoking a cigarette. I don't think that'll ever go away completely, and I'm OK with that, because I know I won't give in.

To those of you that haven't quit yet -- I know how hard it is. Trust & believe, I've been there. I never thought I could quit. Those menthol cancer sticks made my life livable, without them I couldn't possibly handle the stress of whatever made up bullshit excuse I used to convince myself not to quit. But, you're on this subreddit. You want to quit. You do, or you wouldn't be reading this. You wouldn't be thinking "I'm jealous of that guy". No need to be jealous. Just do it. 

PM me if you need a lift, or a word of encouragement. Because seriously, smoking is fucking stupid, and you're an idiot for slowly murdering yourself. Your wife / husband, siblings, kids, friends...when you die because you have lung cancer, or some other smoking related disease (and that's pretty damn likely what you will die from) they'll blame you for killing yourself, just like you will. You don't want to have that hanging over your head at the end of your life. 

Stop making excuses. Stop planning to quit, and quit. Read Alan Carr (I did, it's what worked for me the last time before I relapsed after 2 months), get an e-cigg (tried it for 2 weeks..it didn't give me the "full" feeling of a cigarette I liked), go told turkey, get Chantix, whatever. But quit.