Having one doesn't mean you are done. (Though it is quite a step backwards, one thing you should never do)

One thing I hate about Allan Carr's how to quit smoking the EASYWAY, book is the fact that he makes out even 1 cigarette to be a deal breaker.

Now let me tell you all this, quitting tobacco is a process. It can't be undone by 1 cigarette, but it can be undone by a broken spirit.

Extremes are hard to follow, but have better satisfaction once they are done. Not everyone works on those rules.

What has helped me quit smoking was the realization that smoking achieved nothing for me. You brain tricks you into thinking cigarette is the cure all to everything, so what i did was trick it back by following a set of rules for myself.


1.) 30 day detox. This is where you break the habit and it will be tough not to replace it with anything else. Just focus on work, start writing out all your thoughts if you can't focus on anything. 

The key is never to replace a cycle with another cycle, every time you get a craving do something different until it goes away. 

Things that help dealing with cravings:

-Exercise

-Eating healthier

There is where you will build your life as a non-smoker once again.

After this, you can never go back to nicotine or nicotine products. (The one thing that made the most sense in Allan Carr's book was this.)  Some people can go back and forth on cigs. Since you are here, obviously you can't. So don't try.

2.) If you do cave in for that one, find out a price of a pack and shell it out. In other words, if you buy a pack take one and throw it away. If you bum from a person, offer them this amount and tell them you will burn it if they don't take it. Explain to them your situation and they will understand. 

Now as you smoke the cigarette, this single piece of 7-12 dollar cigarette, was it worth it? Was it everything you thought it would be? Ask yourself this. After you are done with that smoke, do you feel better than you did before? I sure as hell know I didn't. It didn't calm me down one bit.

3.) Buy something (atleast) worth the pack of a cigarette to carry on you at all times. This will serve as a symbol of your determination and link memories of having fun without smoking. I got a spinner ring, (I have to take it off once in a while because I was developing it as a nervous habit, but it does help when I look at it when I do wear it.)

(Optional): Get yourself a pack of non-nicotine cigs. You will realize how pointless smoking is after having one or two. Don't touch one until detox!

I think a lot of people have a problem with the habit and the memories associated to cigarettes, confusing it for a craving. 

For example, biting nails, chewing a took pick, people have trouble dealing with. If they just stop doing it for 30 days, then I am sure that you wouldn't pick it up as easily as they did again.

The human mind is a habitual thing, the older you get, the more of a routine you pick up. Eventually the routine will run you, so it is sometimes hard to break it. 

Different people have different ways of quitting, this is mine.

**TL-DR: This is how I quit smoking**

Edit: Have to clarify some stuff and formatting to look nicer.