Smoker's perspective on my plan to make my dad quit

Hi I'm 21 my dad is around 47, I smoke weed myself and plan to quit in 2 weeks, (dad also smokes weed) but that's beside the point. 

I care about my dad more than anything in this universe. I'm terrified of him leaving this earth and so obviously want him to quit smoking. My mom is still around and I like her, we get along, but there isn't a deep bond there like with my old man. She is separated from my dad, she smokes and I'd like her to quit too but she's healthier and my dad is one I'm willing to go to hell and back for.

And lately I've been all fucked up. Not drug-wise, emotionally. I'm a skeptic and nihilistic person but I keep waking up in the middle of the night with visions of my father dying... I know this sounds like some dramatic movie bullshit but I never think of my parents, hardly ever. Yet it's been at least a week this has happened every night and I'm really getting concerned.

My dad's father died of lung cancer, he was a real hearty dude except for his smoking habit and it took him kinda early. So clearly me and my dad should be wary of smoking, especially tobacco. My dad wants to quit, I've talked about this with him multiple times, but he is the type of person to agree with me or somebody else while we're there but loses that perspective or motivation by himself....

I tried typing out my dad's life story but it ended up bleeding into paragraphs about my childhood... so I'm gonna try to only give the relevant bits. He grew up kind of a knucklehead, had me by accident, buckled down to become an office-working guy. He is high-stress, low-socialization, but worked 24/7 to support family. Now his oldest (me) is in college, his daughter is in last year of high school. We're both kind of depressive, he hasn't had a whole lot of hobbies over the past 20 years besides light video gaming, yardwork, napping, and watching sports. He's real skinny because of stress and eats horrible diet, one meal a day maybe and usually fast food. When I was home I was a health nut and got him to improve a bit by eating breakfast and got him on a workout plan. But he never started doing his own research, he'd follow a plan I was able to give him (he believes in everything I do very strongly), but once he stagnated I'd either need to make him a new plan or he'd just slowly quit. He's not the type of person to do all the tedious research I do for the sake of health, he needs a proven effective and intuitive system laid in front of him and he can deal with that. Obviously I'd love to get him to calm down in his day to day life and eat a better diet, that will help him live longer. But smoking seems like the first habit that has to go.

He's tried quitting probably 2 serious times that I can remember, but both times only ended up only momentarily reducing the cigarettes while vaping to compensate.

Well here's the big drumroll, my plan to get him to quit and what some of you might think as fathers. I know I'm the most important thing in the world to him too, so I'm dropping out of college in 2018 if he can't show me he's cigarette and vape free that summer when I come home. Not only does he clearly not want me to waste all the debt I'm accruing, but if I do actually have to drop out to make this point then I'll be home with him to help in person.

What do you think? I think this is the only thing (besides getting fired) that could possibly make him quit. I plan to call him and say pretty much what was said in this post, give him a deadline, and then make sure he believes I'm not joking. The only thing I'm worried about is him not knowing where to start or who to reach out to for support, I'm a long ways away, his daughter is real self-involved at the moment, he doesn't have a significant other or real best friends. I could just see him sitting there in his big empty house letting the guilt pile on that he's gonna fuck up his son's life too, at which point I'd probably pick up cigarettes smoking just to quit with him. 

So I was thinking of saving a few grand to get him some smoker's counseling or something, if that even exists. He's definitely not the type of person to go ask for help, especially with his feelings, particularly not from a psychiatrist.... but I could see Skype sessions with just the right doctor having a huge effect on him. If anyone has had success with that sort of treatment I'd love to hear about it.

Anyway that's all I have to say. I appreciate your time and consideration.