42 Days... I don't even think about it anymore.

I haven't even been on this subreddit since the day I quit and set up my badge to track my time! I stopped thinking about smoking probably on the 3rd or 4th day, to be perfectly honest. I was 1-1.5 packs a day for 7 years. It just kind of became something I didn't do. I live with other smokers, in a smoking household, so I had to completely shift my mentality of it to do this successfully. I was so happy to be relieved of what I call 'cigarette math'- you know, when you're down to 6 cigarettes, you have to run out to the store, you need one to smoke while you're getting ready, one to smoke on the ride there, how recently was my last cigarette? Is anyone around to judge me for chain-smoking...

I know there's two schools of thought on e-cigarettes in this subreddit, but they really worked so well for me. Smoking was always much more about the oral habit for me than the nicotine- I didn't want to replace it with going back to nailbiting (I've been good on that one for about 3 years!) or eating. I've been smoking 0mg nicotine juice for about 3 weeks now, and I feel fantastic. Sometimes I get the "you didn't *really* quit smoking" comments, which obviously are annoying, but I love the act of smoking and I never intended to quit- it was quitting cigarettes that I wanted to do.

Something else that really helped was telling my (ruthless, non-smoker for over a year) boyfriend and making a status on Facebook about it. The social accountability really helped me personally in being tough with myself. I didn't let myself cheat because I knew that this was Me V. Myself, and cheating was just resetting the clock on any progress I'd made.

I don't think I've gotten *all* my phlegm up yet, but I've been so pleased with my increased lung capacity and stamina- the other day I took such a deep breath it cracked my back! The first 2 weeks after quitting I had a few really ugly deep, cystic pimples- but quit zits thankfully cleared up really quickly for me, and my skin has been looking so much brighter and more youthful than it used to.

I'm so happy and thankful for having found the strength and will to do this, and I wish it could work this way for everyone!