How I quit

Hi all. I'm new to this group (and to Reddit in general) so I wanted to introduce myself. I'm a 28 y/o female, smoked for five years until stopping completely 16 days ago, which was my second attempt. At my peak I smoked at least half a pack a day (more when drinking) and it seemed like I had a cigarette to mark every single moment or transition: waiting for the bus, getting off the bus, before going in to work, as soon as I left work, etc. I was never without cigarettes and dreaded and resented any situation where smoking was not an option. I actually thought that quitting would render all future situations inherently boring and unbearable.

I first tried quitting about six months ago, after reading Carr's book. I made it three days, but, being in the middle of my first semester of grad school I had a terrible time adjusting. My brain could not focus and I had intense bouts of sadness and anger. Felt like my best friend had died, which put into perspective how dependent I'd become. I began taking Wellbutrin, resolving to try quitting again while I had a break from school.

I gradually cut down to 3-5 cigs a day, and a little over two weeks ago I put out what I decided would be my final cigarette. I didn't even know I was going to quit when I lit the thing - it seemed like a spontaneous decision, but I suppose it was months in the making. In any case, aside from brief thoughts of smoking this time my quitting has felt shockingly easy. Could have something to do with the Wellbutrin, which I'm still taking, or maybe I was just fully ready to commit. It feels lovely to be free from the burden of smoking, which at times almost felt like a task. Smoking apps seem to help as well, because as the money/health benefits add up on the tracker I don't want to set all the numbers back to zero. Also, I moved to Canada from the US two years ago, and cig prices here are insane (American Spirits back home were about $6 a pack, while PALL MALLS here were $9.50 last time I checked!).

One last thing: One of my favourite elements of smoking was that I could duck out of any situation for some "air," which gave me a "socially acceptable" (haha) reason to leave a room or take a break from a project. Since quitting I've realized that I used cigarettes to distract and distance myself. And besides, if I really need to put things on pause I can always step out for some actual fresh air if need be.

Sorry for my lengthy post, and thanks for reading. <3