I started smoking again two years ago after five years of non-smoking. Today reminded me of why I stopped smoking back then and now I'm confused.

Since I was little I really liked the smell of cigarettes and when I was 15 years old I broke the promise to myself that I'd never start smoking.

When I was 19 years old the mother of my then girlfriend got cancer and that really took a toll on my girlfriend and on me. Not long after (april 2007) I stopped cold turkey and never looked back. Of course I had the dreams that I smoked again (and woke up sweating, and relieved) but I never really had the urge to start smoking again.

My then girlfriends mother survived cancer even though she had very small odds. We couldn't be happier.

After me and my girlfriend broke up (december 2011) I really didn't know what I had to do with myself. Two months later I got offered a cigarette by a stranger in a club and I thought: what the heck, one cigarette has never hurt anyone.

Boy, was I wrong. I enjoyed it again and decided to buy a pack the next day. And the next. And the next.

Two years later and I'm still smoking a pack a day and I'm getting to the point where I've had enough of it again.

Today my former girlfriend was there again to save me. I hadn't seen her in over two years, but I ran in to her again. After the usual how are you's and what are you doing now's my friend who was with me asked if I had a cigarette. My former girlfriend was stunned and asked if I started smoking again.

I said yes and the look on her face was indescribable.

It really broke my heart that not only I broke the promise I made to myself (again), but also the promise I made to someone I'd loved very much.

I've made a fed attempts to stop smoking the last few months and the furthest I got was one week.

Me running in to my former girlfriend really made an impression on me.

Am I being silly that I this is the trigger that made me decide I want to stop smoking again? Did I stop smoking back in 2007 for her instead of for me?

I'm really confused about this. Do I really want to stop smoking now, or am I just afraid I disappointed my ex-girlfriend? 

