Been coaching my mom to quit, figure I would share some of the same advice with the community

Here is some of the advice I have been giving my mom, it's basically what worked for me in escaping this addiction. I got her that book everyone talks about, she is almost finished, I think that is helping her mentally, but I never read it, I just quit cold turkey. 
First you need to want to quit. Realize that this is a poison controlling you. It's slowly killing you and any pleasure you think you are gaining is coming at such a ridiculously high cost. It can be scary to give up the crutch that is there for you 10-20 times a day, but once you rid your body of these chemicals, you will realize you never needed them at all. 
Switching brands and types will help take away the comfort of smoking. I would try the strangest brands and would never get menthol (which was my type at the end). 
The big thing that worked for me is trying to go as long as you can without a cigarette. Even if you go at it half hearted knowing you will relapse, building that endurance for when you finally do quit really helps. Try to go a day, or 2 or 3. If you are like most people, you will probably fail at quitting the first few times you try. Just try to go longer and longer and build that strength. 
Then one day you are not going to buy a new pack after smoking that last cigarette and your going to tell yourself that this is it, you are going to do it. You will go through a week of inner hell but you will come out a healthier and stronger person. You will quickly feel the benefits of your new life. Things taste better, new smells suddenly exist all around you, and you don't feel so winded doing simple tasks like climbing a flight of steps. No more morning phlegm. You will smell better. Your car will smell better. People will treat you better. Fuck, it's such a better life. I hope everyone struggling can find their way out. I know you can do it cause I did it and I have failed at every other aspect of my life.