Hmm, in a situation here and not sure on what to do.

Sorry guys, this is a long one:

Well, it's been 28 days since I quit smoking, and it's been about 12 hours since I had a cig.

Yep, I caved in for the one cig when I just signed a lease with a house. I kinda rushed into it because I was nearing the end of the 30 days notice my landlord gave me because he was selling the house.

I was tired of roommates, I got the extreme end of the spectrum,  Crazy possessive Mr. Clean who just wants you their extra money, Passive Aggressive everything is Personal person, or SlobbyMcgee, who doesn't have much responsibility with regard to anything. 

I kinda rushed into it because it seemed like a good deal at first. I bought it, it was pushing my budget, but hell why not?

 I found the association was in foreclosure, and the landlord bought the property from them, along with several other fixer-uppers. That is when I turned the power on, none of the appliances work, I saw ants running up the walls and it's too long to explain, but it was a dump in which I am now stuck in a depreciating apartment, that I am sure the LL wont give a fuck about as long as he gets his money.

I trapped myself in a situation I knew I would regret for the next year. It the most stress point I have since I quit. A low point in my life where I thought, "why the hell not?" 

I bought a pack, took one, and threw the rest away because I knew that I can't trust myself with them. I smoked it, and you know what? I didn't feel better, I felt no different from before. Maybe even a little more nervous because I caved in.

There was no relief from the tension, nothing I was expecting, just my nerves still wanting relief. Though one thing is for sure, if I still had that pack, I would keep on smoking just because I was in such a miserable mood.

Instead I realized what I was running to all this time was nothing but a farce and continued on dealing with this situation. This situation sucks in my life, but I don't need cigs to feel better.

Which brings me to this /r/stopsmoking , should I reset my badge because of it?

