Second day not smoking yey!

Hi everyone I am new on here (found it through the stop smoking app) and also new to quitting smoking! I am on my second day now and not finding it as hard as I thought, I am of course getting cravings but the hardest thing for me is I feel like something is missing from my day and it makes me feel a little sad to be honest, not only did I smoke when I was unhappy or stressed but my favourite thing to do was have a Starbucks and a smoke (my other addiction!) and I just have a bit of an empty feeling that I won't have that anymore. Has anyone else experienced this?

Anyway that being said, I have been thinking non stop about quitting for over a year (I never, ever thought I could give it up), and kept thinking i'll just buy one more packet and of course that never worked as one more packet turned into hundreds. 

I think my mind changed when I realised that the thoughts I had about needing to give up would never go away! I have smoked 10 a day for the last 12 years and god knows why but I look very young for my age, and have no physical signs of being a smoker. But I have had chest pains regularly from around year 4 of smoking, it has got worse in the last year and I just decided enough was enough! they were unbearable at times! on wednesday night when I had my very last smoke I was up all night in pain, and guess what, I have not had one since! which is great.  

I woke up yesterday morning, after cutting up my tobacco pouch the night before, stuck my nicotine patch on my arm and have been really determined, I am also using an e-cig too. I know I am doing really well and i'm proud of that but one thing I have experienced is my appetite has disappeared completely! I don't want to eat a thing and I am not hungry either, scarily I also don't want to drink very much and I'm wondering if that is because I'm worried it might make the cravings worse, e.g eating a big meal or making a cup of tea and going outside for a smoke.  I wanted to know if anyone else has experienced this? I look forward to hearing your feedback and your experiences :)