Resetting my badge after 675 days

I should have done this sooner. After going almost two solid years of not smoking (mostly thanks to this subreddit and to Alan Carr), over the past two months I have relapsed multiple times. I told myself that it was because of the catastrophic life change that happened (lost job, gf of 3 years, failed the class I needed to graduate all in the span of 3 months), but that wasn't why I started smoking again. I started smoking again because I believed that they offered me some sort of benefit. I started believing that again, and so one cigarette when I was drunk with some friends turned into a few, turned into a pack, turned into the old addiction once again. Every time, after a few days or sometimes even the same day after half a pack, I would remember how disgusting they made me feel. I would feel the nausea, or even vomit from the nicotine poisoning and the heavy-duty gross shit they put in them, and from the drainage. I would get self-conscious of the smell, of my clothes and my hands and my hair and my breath, fearing my friends or my new gf would smell it on me and judge me. I would beat myself up about the money I spent and the waste it had become, and panic about all of the damage I was doing to my body.

And each time, 6 times, I flushed the pack about halfway through. I was convinced that that was all I needed to do to be quit again. But after that first pack, I relapsed and bought cigarettes 5 more times. Sometimes the next day. Sometimes after going a week, or 10 days. Sometimes it was an impulse decision when I was drunk. Sometimes it was premeditated over a period of hours or days.

But this time, i'm done. It's been two days since I flushed the last pack. The difference this time was that I removed the shame from it. I stopped hiding it, from myself, my gf, my friends, and acknowledged to myself that I had allowed myself to become a smoker once again. I stopped trying to convince myself that this was merely 'an experiment', and stopped preemptively aborting my packs. I absorbed the lesson, along with the toxins and the nicotine poison, and reminded myself of what I was gaining from them: NOTHING. I went to sleep two days ago with half a pack left, and got up in the middle of the night and flushed them. Since then, the withdrawals have sucked but at the same time they make me feel awesome. My mindset has changed. And that's all it takes. 

The first time I successfully quit, and became a non-smoker, it was only after I realized that there are no positives to smoking. Once I got over the initial slump of withdrawals, the positives of not smoking began to grow and grow. I'm already feeling the positives now, 2 days in. My sinuses are clearer, my head is clearer, the headaches are dissipating, my lungs like me more and more each day. I don't stink of an ashtray, I don't have to worry about sidelong glances from people and the general anti-social nature of smoking. I don't worry about having to kiss the girl I love and have her taste it. I don't worry about any of the anxiety and nonsense that cigarettes bring with them.

I've set myself free, once again. And so can you. All it takes is a choice. Suffering is a natural part of human existence. You can either suffer the pain of discipline, or the pain of regret. Eventually, discipline turns from suffering into a positive emotional state. Regret does not. Remember that, and message me if you ever need anyone to talk to.