Hopefully done for good this time.

Hello r/stopsmoking! 

I'm new here, 3 days in, and hoping I'm done with nicotine for good this time. I took my first dip in the 7th grade and smoked my first cigarette my freshman year of high school. I started dipping regularly when I was 16. (I'm 20 now) I started smoking black&milds and clove cigars during my senior year of high school, then transitioned to cigarettes my freshman year of college. Since then, I've gone back and forth between smoking and dipping, but always getting my nicotine fix. I always figured I would be able to quit whenever I want, but quickly realized that was not the case after a few unsuccessful attempts. 

About 6 months ago I began participating in a double-blind study at a local hospital/medschool determining whether or not Chantix was safe for young adults. It seemed like a win-win to me, as I was getting paid $560 over the span of 18 weeks and would either be receiving Chantix or placebo. It didn't take long for me to know I was taking a placebo pill every day, but I tried to convince myself that it was real. I quit for 2 or 3 days in both October and November, then for 10 days at the beginning of January. I'm no longer in the study, but I want to quit now more than ever. 
I decided to give up weed for Lent (I've smoked marijuana almost daily for the past two years), so I figured I might as well try to break cigarettes again at the same time. 

 I feel more confident this time, and I ~~really think I can do it~~ know I can fucking do it.

I've missed weed so much this time around that I've hardly thought about cigarettes. I got really depressed after 2 days without smoking weed and decided I need to ease my way out. I've only been taking one hit before bed since Wednesday, but I smoked a small bowl earlier today. Still no cigarettes though! 

I know most people regard smoking cigarettes as unattractive. I wish my girlfriend disliked me smoking more so I had more reason to quit. I know I'm not gonna marry her, so my goal is to find a smart, honest woman that is far too beautiful and sophisticated to be with a smoker. I'm starting to ramble but oh well, at least it's keeping my mind off nicotine.

Join me in not smoking for the rest of our days.