89 days thus far...

...and I feel great. I've started exercising, eating better, and not staying up all night anymore.

And I really don't think I would have been able to do it without this sub and the app I use.

The method I used was cold turkey. I'd try every Sunday, fail, and try again. This past time it did the trick, that, and seeing everyone's posts on this sub. The whole not wanting to die a slow painful walk toward obliteration was a powerful motivating factor as well.

So, have hope. With the desire to quit, a little bit of discipline, and a group of people going through what you're going through (this sub), you can do it.

Eventually, you will train yourself to recoil and cringe at the thought, smell, and sight of smoke.

And don't worry about drinking either. Take a few days off. After that, you'll feel a little incomplete without smoke for a week or two when you drink, but you can get straight hammered black-out drunk and still persevere. I don't recommend that, but I needed to do that to prove to myself that I could drink to oblivion and not smoke.

Surprisingly, my alcohol consumption has gone way down as well. The last time I got seriously drunk was 85 days ago, and I really think quitting smoking has helped with that too. That and the desire to lose weight and get strong. 

Going to church doesn't hurt either. If you ain't into that, meditating and getting out of the prison that is your head definitely helps.

Ultimately, recognizing that you, your psyche, is in control, and not the whims and desires of your body, will go a long way to help you regain control of your habits. But, recognizing that we're imperfect creatures, and are bound to fail, it really helps to derive your sense of well-being and self control from somewhere outside yourself, be it the four noble truths or Allah or whatever.

But, just know that you can do it. I believe in you, and so do the rest of us, and I'll be praying for every one of you that's still struggling (see: everyone). We're all gonna fuckin' make it. Just keep focus on your goal, and keep in mind that in time you will obtain it.

Best,
mjh2539
(Sent from my phone, sorry for mistakes)