Once again, and this time for good

I am not only a professional smoker, but I will also call myself a "professional quitter". I tried many, many times through many methods. I even once came to this sub, got great support, but then relapsed. I came to realize that I had unreasonable expectations from my girlfriend as a support. But then once I realized what I did wrong, I tried it again and I got a proper support her and others. But I failed. Because of no will power. The will to quit was just not there. Life became stressful as I am in my mid-twenties, living as an international resident in Canada. So the number of smokes per day went higher and higher. Until a week ago, I smoked more than 30 cigarettes a day. Yesterday, I smoker 25. As numbers went up and remained insane, I started to see my health deteriorate. It has been more than two weeks that I have been waking up with absolutely dry and painful throat. So dry that at times I could not talk or breathe until I had a glass of water. And tonight, I woke up in the middle of the night. Put stuff that I had in bed with me away and tried to go to bed. But something happened. It wasn't only my throat anymore, it was my lungs. I could not breathe. My lungs felt so congested that I felt it was taking me 10 times as much effort to breathe normally. Made me mad. Made me disappointed in myself, a 22 years old man who is supposed to be very healthy. Instead, I was laying in bed breathing as if I am almost at the end of my journey in life and have not much time left. So I got up, walked around the house a bit, and decided that I need to put an end to this. And I have. I have quit. I am a non-smoker, and I am ready to make it happen. Whatever it takes, as long as it is not involved my loved ones, whatever it takes I will do to stop smoking. I am going on nicotine patches, as I know cold turkey is not gonna work for me. It just won't. I don't want to get too proud for quitting because I am only starting now, and lots of you have gone a long way on this road. I am rather humbled by you. Nevertheless, I am very excited. 

tl;dr: I have quit many times and failed, once while in this subreddit as well. I have been smoking over 25 ( even 30 ) a day over the past month. Tonight,  I clearly saw my health decline drastically. And so I putting an end to this nasty habit.