I want to quit.

I've seen this reddit before and purposely didn't click on it due to the information I knew it would contain. (I rewrote this a second time because the first time I didn't want to post it.)


Today I decided it would be a different day. I instantly began skimming through different posts and took into account what the OP and others had to say about how they quit, and what they did to help them quit.
Background: Age 23, started around 16 Father was a smoker for about 35 years, quit when I was 10. He quit because he walked into my room that night on Christmas Eve, and he thought to himself.. I don't want to be a father that misses any days of my children's lives (1 Brother, 2 Sister) because I died from smoking. He always told me that when you're ready to give it up, you'll give it up, until then you'll just be lying to yourself.


I have smoked cigarettes regularly since I was 15, always getting friends who were older to buy me packs. The only time I actually "quit" cigarettes was when i was 17. My friend and I decided that we should stop smoking, and we did. For three whole months, I had about 3-4 cigarettes which were bummed after my once a week class from a friend. The downfall I turned 18. From that point on it's been a day out day in routine, and I'm starting to feel the effects.


I ride my road bike weekly a total of 60-100mi, with average ride of ~20mi. I can maintain excellent speed long distance, but when it comes to sprinting while on bike or foot, I definitely feel the effects of smoking. Coming from a running background for both cross country and track in high school, I know my potential and I just can't regain it. For me, riding my bike and exercising is an excuse for me to smoke a cigarette. I ride extra hard knowing that once I'm done I can have a smoke. I reward myself with toxins and poisons for working my body to make it stronger. 


I tell myself the cardio workout helps balance the damages from smoking.


When my wisdom teeth were pulled a few months ago, I was able to quit for 2 weeks, but that was for fear of a dry socket. Somehow the fear of a dry socket, outweighs all the negatives for cigarette damages, because i proceeded to smoke as soon as the doctor said they were healed.


The smoking needs to stop because we all know how bad it is, but I feel I'm not ready to give it up yet. That excuse can be used forever, but being honest to myself, I'm not ready to give them up. I know if i quit right now, I wouldn't be able to, I'd just start smoking again like always. 


I take what my dad said into advice because, it's my dad, I've always looked up to him.


I agree that you have to be ready to quit, you can't just quit without it being 100% determined in your mind.


I understand that this is counter productive and can cause addiction to get worse.


I'm asking if anyone has been in my position and what they did to make the next step to actually quitting, or even cutting back.


I know I won't smoke when I have children, for the exact reason my dad did. I just don't want to not have to wait for that to happen.


TLDR; hope you did, but I've smoked for 7.5 years now, I want to quit but don't feel its time to, can anyone relate to this and how they took the next step to actually quitting, or cutting back.