5 days in, started reading Carr's book. Some thoughts on physical vs psychological addiction/withdrawal.

I am not someone who puts any stock in self-improvement books. I tend to avoid them, they always seem arbitrarily dogmatic, and vague enough to absolve the author's method of the fault if you fail. "Hey, it's not the method, it's you. *You just didn't read it right.*"

That being said, I heard about Carr's book on this subreddit, and after already resolving to quit I decided it couldn't do any harm to give it a glance; I was already on my own road with cold turkey and willpower. **The physical withdrawal really is the easy part.** It's the psychological, the separation anxiety, that makes it tough. This is what Carr addresses. In about two or three chapters he has turned me from being an occasional wall-climber to someone that enjoys being an ex smoker. I am losing the homesickness for smoking very quickly.

Without doing Mr. Carr a disservice by copy-pasting the guts of his book here, I'll just share this sentiment that sort of parted the clouds for me:

*The only relaxation/stress relief/distraction/whatever that nicotine provides is relief from what the previous fix gave you. Getting a fix doesn't give you a boost, it removes a barrier and temporarily puts you on the non-smoker's level. This gives you the illusion of a boost.*

In essence, all smokers are chain smokers.

Compulsory admiration is a signature of an abusive relationship, and on a large scale, of fascism. Nicotine addiction is a prison, and the addict becomes institutionalized; the walls of the prison become home, instead of the outside world.

I was afraid to, but I did the math on how much I spent over 10 years of smoking: Approximately $18,000 USD. Stone-cold sobering fact. Nail after nail in the addiction's coffin.

The biggest, hugest, most immensely hardest thing for me to do is/was to separate the idea of smoking being the coffee-companion. Coffee has increased in strength, the flavor has deepened, and despite the virtual 180 degree change in the direction of my post-cessation outlook, I find myself thinking: "Man. A smoke would go great with this coffee."

I have lollipops as my companion now. Coffee is no longer something to wash down the cig, barely having an effect due to the hastened metabolization. It's strength has returned to magical-elixir status. This is still a psychological barrier I'm struggling with. I hope to overcome it.

But I digress. Reading on...