Planning to quit after this pack but don't exactly know how. details inside.

I have been smoking for about 2 years now. I have quit twice in the past. The first time I quit was when I went home for the summer after my freshman year of college, which is where I picked up the habit (about 5 months before I quite for the first time). I found it very easy to quit that time because I completely changed everything around me overnight and none of the triggers were there anymore. That lasted until I got back to college for my second year. I went straight back into my old habits. I smoked for about a year and then quit again the next summer. This time was much harder because I didn't change my environment at all. I quit for about 2 months that time then my friend who also smokes came back from a 8 month trip and brought me right back down with him. I have now been smoking again since about august and am finally looking to quit for good. Here are my biggest issues. Drinking: when I drink I need a cigarette. something about nicotine and alcohol is a pair made in heaven. This was my biggest challenge quitting the second time around. Adderal: I take prescription adderal and it is worse then alcohol when it comes to cravings. on a day I don't take my adderal I will be just fine only having one or two in a day and quiting doesn't seem scary, but when I take my adderal I am constantly looking for my next cigarette. Normally when I buy a pack there is that inner struggle of knowing you shouldn't and your cravings that makes it sort of painfully sweet to make the purchase. When I take adderal I don't even second guess myself I just buy it. There is no regret, no hesitation. The adderal is what worries me the most about quiting. I need it for school but i'm afraid that I just won't be able to say no when that intense craving comes. Adderal has a way, for me at least, of convincing you that you need it. The reasoning in my head is often "well I took my adderal I need to have a cigarette" or "just buy a pack now don't put it off, because you took adderal and will buy one later anyway." Adderal is an excuse to smoke I and I need to break that.

I would love any advice on any aspect of quitting. I am especially interested in hearing about anybody who has quite while using adderal and what their experience was like. 