New to This Subreddit and Giving Quitting a Real Shot. Need Help.

I'm going to be completely honest, because I need support and, well reddit is a great tool for opening up about stuff like this. I am addicted to cigarettes. I am completely ashamed of it. I mean it really eats me up. My personality is just one of those that feels extreme embarrassment and guilt about it. I am currently in college and I find myself hiding behind buildings, switching jackets, and even lying about how much I smoke. It's not that people don't know I smoke, I know they do but I feel like I need to convince them  its a mild habit. It's not. 


I have been in college 4 years and this semester is my last (its taking me an extra semester). I started really smoking heavy my Sophomore year. I am a biology major and plan on attending medical school, so school is very stressful for me. My addiction is a bit odd, or at least it seems so to me. 


I take adderal for school, which I really do need and it helps me get into a healthy routine. When i'm off my medication I don't crave cigs very much. I often dont smoke any, and if I do its no more than two. When I'm on my prescription and dont have any upcoming tests and such, I smoke around 10 cigs or so, and hate myself for it. When i'm on medication and have a test that next day I smoke a pack a day, sometimes even more. 


Ive tried to quit. I feel such extreme guilt, more than even most I suspect. It eats me up, but due to school continuing to provide that stress I have failed at quitting. I know what it is doing to me. I understand very well how devastating the effects are. Adderal does seem to be a factor, but I need this medication. I'm not one of those who just takes it because the like it, or to get an advantage. I also know its not the sole reason I smoke. 


I've tried chewing and that didn't help. I just can't dip, its just a sickening feeling for me. Today, I bought an E-cig. I have been saying for months I was going to buy one tomorrow and finally did. I plan to give this a shot since Ive heard it helps people.


Thats my honest experiance. Please help me. How did you quit? Was your experience similar in any ways? I want out so bad, but I now understand that addiction is powerful.