After 40 years of smoking I finally kicked it three months ago.

After 40 years of smoking I finally kicked it three months ago.  During the 40 years I stopped for the whole duration of both pregnancies - this is one of those situations where one simply does not have another option and therefore it was easy both times.  However, I always knew I'd start again after my children were born and breastfeeding was over.  This sounds crazy ... but not as crazy as smoking while pregnant.  The motivation is HUGE obviously.  

The other time I kicked it was when I wanted to run marathons.  So I kicked it for 2 years, ran my marathons and then got a bad knee injury from overtraining (I used to run 60 miles a week).  No more running for me, which is not necessarily a bad thing as road running doesn't do ladies' bones any favours in the long run.  When I couldn't run any more I started to smoke again. It was there, waiting for me in my misery of not being able to run any more.  

That was 20 years ago.  Never even bothered to try after that.  I used to joke with people that it was my hobby.  I actually loved smoking.  I tried one of those over the counter e-cigs and had a brief glimpse of "yeah, this might just work" but it was weak and so was I.  To be honest I didn't even particularly want to give up and relinquish this pleasure and it wasn't THAT great.

Then one day, at the local market, mozying around and I saw one of the proper (that don't look like a cigarette) e-cigs with menthol juice available.  Whole lot for £11 and so I thought "why not" in a half hearted way.  Got the strongest juice though, the bloke was really helpful.  I knew I needed something to replace the fags (not being a hater here - in UK fags are cigarettes in case anyone didn't know). But in UK a packet of 20 is £7 ($12) and that WAS starting to get to me.

That's it.  Three months on and I'm sorted, after a lifetime of smoking I never, ever crave a fag.  I feel like shouting it from the rooftops sometimes.  There is no pleasure like the pleasure of replying to someone who asks for a light (I must still look like a smoker ;-) "Sorry I don't smoke".  That is absolutely not meant in any way at all to be smug or patronising and I am no ex-smoking anti-smoking zealot and never will be.  It's just still so amazing to me that I did it, that I have no desire to ever smoke again.  My e-cig and I are never parted, granted.  But I can walk up the hill to my house and have this weird sensation of "Oh, what the hell is wrong with me. I'm not out of breath!".

The reason I know I'll never go back ?  The three times during my life I stopped were for specific reasons.  This time it was because it was so easy and there was a painless way to do it.