Is this the place for me?

I stopped drinking last summer, and I had read somewhere that nicotine can help curb cravings for alcohol. I was desperate to quit drinking because alcohol was destroying my life, so I was willing to try anything. I was a former smoker and didn't want to go back to my pack a day habit, so I decided vaping was an option.

I looked into the whole DIY method of vaping, even got a device and some liquids, but it was way too much trouble. I was going to be heading out of state for a couple of weeks, so I needed convenience and availability. I tried the Vuze and liked it. It had everything I was looking for. It was a little bit high priced for the convenience ($5.99 for a 2-pack), but at the time one 2-pack would last me 2-3 days. More importantly, it did seem to help take the edge off my cravings for alcohol.

I've been having some financial trouble lately. I've never been good at keeping track of my money, but last month I was overdrawn twice. This is the first time in my life I have ever been overdrawn. Even when I was boozing it up, I always had plenty of money to get through the month, so what changed?

I realized that without even noticing it, I've been vaping two 2-packs of Vuze cartridges daily! I'm busy as hell at work, so I guess I had just never noticed. It was just a usual part of my day to stop by the convenience store on my way home, and I didn't even realize until lately that I was doing it every day!

Well, now I come to the part where I say I really want to quit! This is not only more than $360 out of my account every month, but this has to be terrible for my health. I just have so many concerns. I'm starting work on my masters thesis in just a few days, I worry that I might become anxious and depressed in a way that could cause conflict in my relationship, I worry about how I'll feel at work. Honestly, I want to quit tonight, but I'm not sure cold turkey is reasonable at this point. I'm not sure how much nicotine I'm vaping, but the Vuze cartridges are pretty damn strong, so it has to be a fair amount.

I realize this is vaping, not smoking, but is this the right place for me? I'm totally addicted to nicotine. I damn well need the support. If not, please point me in the right direction. I really need some fucking help!