Tried to quit smoking for years... Never worked until now. My method that's killed my cravings.

Hey Everyone.  Just wanted to share this story and hope someone else will find it useful.  I developed my own "stop smoking" strategy and so far, I'm not even tempted to smoke anymore!


Starting from the beginning:  I have been smoking since I was 12 years old.  Had sort of an interesting childhood of gangs and other crazy crap.  Anyways, flash forward to a few months ago.  I smoked about a pack and a half a day, and my lung started giving me major problems at night.  Couldn't sleep at all, I had bad coughs, and to top it all off, my girlfriend is hypoallergenic to cigarette smoke, so it drove a wedge between us as well.


So I finally decided to quit.  I've told myself this before in the past and I've tried quitting.  I'd go 1 year with no cigarettes at all.  Then something REALLY stressful comes along, and I'm hooked once again.  But, this time, it's different.  I really feel like I'm going to die.  Every breath I take, feels heavier and heavier and all I want to do is smoke more and more.  


Well, I quit for the first day.  Lasted about 24 hours, then immediately bought a pack and smoked the whole thing.  My chest hurt so badly and I couldn't get more than 30 minutes of sleep at a time without waking up and coughing badly.  I decided I needed to replace this habit.  (And also realize it's a habit, not a chemical addiction).

Here's all the times I usually smoke a cigarette:

Wake up, brush teeth.  -> Smoke
Get into car to drive to work.  -> Smoke
Get to work, have an extra 5 minutes to kill.  -> Smoke (with co-workers)
Work for about an hour or two, time for a break.  -> Smoke

Time for lunch.  -> Smoke after eating or before eating or BOTH.

Get back to work, now I'm sleepy.  Need a cigarette because I'm losing concentration -> Smoke

Commute home -> I live in LA, so depending on traffic 2-3 cigarettes. SMOKE

Get home, start cooking.  Oh, water's boiling. -> Smoke

Now time to work on music.  I smoke inside my room with no one to stop me.  Chain smoke while working on music.  5 Cigarettes at times.

Shower, have a cigarette.

Need to use the bathroom?  Have a cigarette.

Basically, my cigarette habit was on everything.


SOLUTION

I tried cigars, ecigs, etc.  It always teased me.  Just having that feeling of smoke entering your lungs, and holding something between your fingers, it made me long for a cigarette the whole time.  I craved those things all the time and I couldn't have it as casually as a cigarette (my e-cig would run out of battery and cigars take FOREVER and stink up a place).

What do I do now?  10 push-ups.

Whenever I feel like smoking, I simply do 10 push-ups instead.  I turned that urge into becoming addicted to excersizing.  I didn't think it would do much, but it actually helps alot.

On top of all of that, I also downloaded this calorie counting app for my phone called "Lose it", and it tracks all the calories I eat everyday.  If I do 10 push-ups, I lose about 10-20 calories which I can spend onto eating something really tasty in the end without breaking my diet.  Since I used to smoke about 30 cigarettes a day, that equates to around 300 push-ups a day which means after that, I can probably eat a big mac without feeling guilty.

It's changed my life, and I just wanted to share it with all of you.  Replace the habit with a healthier one, whatever it is.  You aren't going to die without a cigarette, and cigarettes don't improve your performance.  I now feel healthier, and have probably gained another 20 years of my life.

