Had 25 days, but there were too many gas stations on the way home, but now I'm back!

I was going strong for 25 days, and I think the reason I went back to smoking was because I was quitting for the wrong reason. Quitting made my boyfriend happy, it made our relationship better, then he went to basic training for the Army and after saying goodbye and heading home, I used that sadness as the perfect excuse. My will power sustained for a brief amount of time, I drove by so many liquor stores/gas stations, passing each one up but the feeling of anxiety kept growing stronger, and the fucks I gave were starting to deteriorate each time I passed a place to buy them. By the time I was a mile away from home, i stopped at the last liquor store that was nearest to my home. I smoked for the next two months. The worst part other than being totally upset with yourself that you gave in and bought a pack, is sitting there puffing away and being disgusted by the taste and smell of your own action, yet continuing to do so. If that's not addiction, I don't know what is. My boyfriend is still in basic training, and I don't have him here to be the reason I quit. The only reason I have is myself and my health. I don't know why moments of clarity hit you at such random times, and inspire you to make change, but i'm at 10 days right now. To me that's fuckin phenomenal. i realized, there will NEVER be a right time to stop, ever. I will, if i continue to smoke, will always find a reason to. No one is forcing me to smoke, I am the one CHOOSING it. There are kids in Africa starving, and I'm upset that i can't have my usually cigarette after my meal. I mean get your eyes right! Get your head out of your selfish, ungrateful ass, and realize that you have the opportunity to live and breathe and be part of a beautiful world and you're ruining it. I needed to have this talk with myself, and so far it's working. When I really think about the important things in life, how my situation and problems are compared to others, I realize how insignificant cigarettes are. I am the one who gave them importance, who defended them. Fuck that. I have importance, i am defending my health. Goodluck all, Cheers! 