As a retiring smoker, I'm having a really hard time avoiding smoking. Please help.

My boss and a coworker both smoke. We have a four-person office and they have to pass my office to exit the door, so I see them every time they go out for their breaks and hear a loud *ding* every 30 minutes one of them goes out. I will sometimes go and bum with them, now about 5 cigarettes a day.

My boss and I also travel together frequently. He chain smokes in the car rides (normally 2 hours round trip). At airports, he has to get a few last cigarettes in before the plane and right after. At our conferences, he takes unscheduled and scheduled breaks to smoke, and since I would like to comment on what we have been learning, I follow him out sometimes to chat. I generally bum a few cigarettes in each of these occasions.

On Fridays and after 4:00pm every day, the other two office members leave, leaving my boss and me alone. He locks the office door and chain smokes inside, and you can smell it everywhere. I explicitly request that he does his smoking outside instead, that as a retiring smoker it is extremely difficult for me to ignore the temptation. I'm my boss's daughter, so he doesn't care to comply. So, I often give into temptation, and smoke a couple.

I still live at home with my boss/dad. He keeps his cigarettes in his truck with a keypad, and since I know the combination, I will often go to his truck at night or in the morning if I can't find him. If he's smoking outside on the porch, I will sometimes ask him for a cigarette instead of going to the truck.

At 24, I visited a psychiatrist to discuss the issue and figure out a solution. He took me off adderall/vyvanse and put me on wellbutrin. In our appointment, he assessed me as having a somewhat addictive personality, and determined adderall hurt my ability to quit. After our appointment I replaced cigarettes with the e-cig, quit adderall and stayed on wellbutrin for about 4 months (I went off it because it didn't produce any noticeable change and I didn't like taking mostly unnecessary drugs), stopped going to see him, and remained mostly free of cigarettes for about a year.

It all started when I was 17 and I smuggled one of my dad's cigarettes to smoke on my ride home from work. I never expected to enjoy it, but on that same ride home, I went and bought my first pack and have been hooked ever since. I have tried to quit repeatedly. I'm 25, and I'm still a smoker although I rarely buy packs for myself.

My very best friend recently quit drinking but she still smokes, and when she's around, the very first thing I ask her for is a cigarette. We see each other rarely due to distance, but when we see each other, I go into full relapse and often buy a pack and resume smoking as normal, following her lead. The relapse mostly continues after she's gone.

My other closest friends and I have two bars that we frequent and love. They allow smoking inside and have a cigarette machine that I almost immediately revert to as soon as I enter. If my other friends are already there, they usually smoke socially and are happy to share their cigarettes with me. 

As you can imagine, quitting has been a challenge for me. If you have read all this, I would really appreciate your advice - any advice - you have for me. I need help. Seriously.


edit 

**TL;DR** Almost all of the important people in my life smoke religiously around me. It makes it very, very hard for me to stay committed to smoking when my people are smoking around me 40+ times a day. Seeking advice and help.
