How should I help my mom quit?

Sorry if this doesn't belong here, I just thought it'd go best here.

Lets start this by saying that I love my mom a lot, but shes not the person she used to be. She used to be the worlds best mom, she did anything for her kids and did what was best. In the past 2-3 years or so shes changed. The biggest thing is her smoking. She has smoked since I was born, and I didn't really mind it until I learned how bad it was. It smells horrible, sticks to clothes, skin, blankets, even wood. Its terrible for your health, I suspect I have slight asthma from it, and its quite embarrassing.

The thing that gets to me though is that we're in terrible economic shape. We go to a food pantry, have to have the town pay for bills, shes legally bankrupt, and we're so behind on my orthodontic bill I haven't been there in three months(usually go every month). Cigarettes aren't cheep, they're around 8 dollars a pack where we are. She smokes around 2-3 packs a day. 

For years I've tried to get her to quit, but in the past couple of years its been really bad, mostly due to her attitude on the subject and the money. Now I'm not a banker or money professional, I'm 14, but we are in *horrible* shape. She doesn't even have a job. She treats it like a joke. I'm hanging out the window in the car and she does the really trashy smile where you chomp your teeth and hold your cigarette in my face "You're pretty serious about this aren't you?" She says as she lights one 4 minutes after her last one.

Its embarrassing. I always smell like smoke, I haven't had any friends over at our house since 5th grade, and I tell my friends that my mom said no to a ride home because its just humiliating. 

She is extremely sensitive. I look at her hair and shes literally screaming at me for giving her dirty looks. I swear to god I can't do anything without her making remarks about my attitude. So telling her that her smoking is embarrassing would result in her kicking me out of my house to my dads, and don't say to go live with him, because I can't. Honestly though, I can't get one word in about her smoking and how it affects me without her screaming and crying and not speaking to me for days. I've even tried making a deal with her than I'll clean the kitchen every day, eat no junk food at all, and not go on the computer the whole summer if she'll even *attempt* to quit. When I told her about the cancer and death and such, for her and me both,  her response is always "We have to die sometime right?" And when I get upset over it she always tells me to calm down and that its just a joke, even though shes serious.

I honestly just need help. I feel like I'm suffocating around the smoke, heck I think I actually am. And she doesn't even think about how it affects me, as long as she can continue to smoke and kill herself even more. I understand that its hard, but shes been smoking for at least 38 years, and I'm extremely worried about her health. I want to help her quit. Has anyone been through this, or something like it? I just can't deal with it anymore. I can't even ask her for 10 dollars for a book for school because I'd feel too guilty, even though she's going to spend it on cigarettes anyway. I just need advice. Sorry its so long..