Not Out of the Woods Yet: Relapsing After 7 Months

First, to all of you still in your first hour, day, week, or month of quitting, congratulations. Every minute you don't have a cigarette is cause for celebration--yes, it sucks, it's painful, you're irritable, you think you're going crazy, but those are just symptoms of your body exorcising the evil spirit that is nicotine. Before you know it, your ears will stop ringing and your vision will stop buzzing and you'll be in a shiny, new, non-smoker body. Woot!

But! Beware. Just because you've broken the physical addiction and even the mental addiction doesn't mean tobacco won't try to get itself back into your life. I went 6 months without a single puff, and I felt great about it. But at some point, for me at least, the external motivations like more money, better health, better sex, whiter teeth, stopped being enough. And then it happened just like everyone always says it does. I was drunk and out with friends, and I had just a drag. Then, a week later at a bar, I had a whole one. Then, during break at work, my boss had a cigarette, and I did too. Then, when I was drunk, I bought a pack and a lighter. What! I was so angry with myself, I gave the pack away and went home to have a talk with myself. But then I passed out. It came to a head two nights ago, when I bought my own pack, and smoked half of it. Then, the next morning I had a cigarette! Then two or three more throughout the day. And this felt familiar. Like it used to. That friendly smoke in the morning to get the day going, that smoke after lunch to take in the sunlight, that smoke before bed to calm the nerves....

FUCK. THAT.

So here I am, back on the subreddit, to start over. Resetting timers, flushing packs down the toilet, and asking myself to never smoke again. I do it for myself, yes, but I do it for my non-smoking boyfriend, my dad, my 90 year old grandma, my peers, my co-workers. Smoking is unacceptable. Why the hell would I risk all that I've gained for 15 minutes of "relaxation" that will end up killing me? I say, fuck that. 

So, my message to all of you who haven't smoked for 6 months, keep it up. And don't let your guard down. It's not worth it. You know it's not, you just may have forgotten. 