Quit smoking with NLP techniques!

ACTION: Press and rub your left thumb knuckle into a hard surface (or whatever you choose as your anchor), such as your desk or your knee. This feeling should be associated with the following paragraph...

 - Do you know the cigarette tar that forms in your lungs that you try to cough up? Imagine coughing up all that tar and spitting it into a bucket over the course of several days. Vividly picture that bucket of regurgitated tar and phlegm gooping around in the bucket. How does that cigarette tar smell? What sound does it make if you stir the bucket with a large wooden spoon? Unpleasant? Well how about this - take a mouthful of that thick, hot, sticky, smelly tar, and chew it. Feel the tar sticking to the roof of your mouth as the bitter taste fills your mouth. The smell will be overwhelming, but keep chewing it anyway. Hear the "splatch splatch" sound of the vile tar squeltching in your mouth. Take a big drag on a cigarette at the same time, with the taste of the smoke interwining with the tar. See the disappointment in the eyes of your loved ones as you take a step closer to an early grave. As you inhale the smoke, feel and visualise the smoke carrying all that disgusting tar down into your lungs. Picture the tar sticking to the tissue of your lungs and burning away chunks of your lung tissue. Hear the hissing sound of the boiling tar corroding through your lungs and making them bleed. Exhale and truly feel the pain of the specks of smokey tar searing its way through your throat, infecting your mouth and poisoning the delicate tissues in your nose. Try to cough up all that dried tar stuck to your lungs. Feel the burning pain of the fermented smoke scabs peeling off your insides and retching their way up your throat. -

Now it's time to reinforce that anchor. Read the above paragraph again but read it as if it was ALL IN CAPS. Pause slightly between each word. Continue reinforcing the anchor by pressing your left thumb knuckle into the hard surface.

Concentrate! Focus on the worst things about smoking. Feel free to repeat this a third time, or fourth time. The stronger your reinforce this anchor, the more easily you'll quit smoking.