Day 2. I can do this, but I am not having fun. At all.

I mean, yeah, nobody ever said quitting smoking would be fun. It's just, in the middle of the cravings and the hot flashes, it IS a lot harder to keep my motivations and reasons for quitting in mind than I expected. How can I hate smoking so much when I was still a smoker and then miss it SO BAD once I stop? I had regrets when I decided to quit smoking at 2:30 yesterday. I hadn't had a cigarette yet that day, I wanted to quit smoking once school was over for the semester but before the beginning of summer school. "If not now, then when?" So I did it.

I can do this though. I don't like being the only smoker in half my classes, it's embarrassing. School is my #1, and I'm tired of worrying if it affects my professors' perceptions of me, when I feel like I already have a lot stacked against me as is. I also have bad circulation; the idea of never getting the purple knees when I'm cold again is exciting. No more hacking up nasty shit. No more being stinky. No more a lot of other things. I fear for tomorrow, the infamous day 3, but so far it has been much smoother sailing than I anticipated. I'm telling myself once I get past day 3, it'll all be downhill from there, but I know that's really naive. But maybe lying to myself just to get there isn't such a bad thing; it'd be a lot harder to just make it to that point if I had a cynical outlook, wouldn't it?

Last week, finals week of all fucking weeks, was a series of little failures and devestations. Didn't get into the internship, now I have to do summer school (taking two upper level math classes having just finished two upper level math classes; I am so tired of math I can't even words) and not get paid $500 a week for it, my back-up employment plan fell through because my school's library isn't hiring over the summer, I totally bombed the final for my favorite class which was devastating, but I was so fried, man. Once again, the ever elusive A-in-a-math-class has slipped through my fingers. Yeah, this all sucks. But, hey, this is one thing I CAN control. Quitting smoking isn't going to be a jerk and put the stupid boundary of a curve problem on the final. It's all in my hands. My success is all on me. And if I slip up, I'm doing a disservice to no one but myself. I need a little taste of success and victory so bad, because all this has me so down. Here's my chance.

I've already accomplished things beyond what I ever even thought I was capable of in school. I have overcome a lot, including a learning disorder and being a right-brained bitch with an art background in a left-brained hard science. I have worked hard, harder than I have for anything else in my whole life. I worked through my self-doubts and failures by believing in myself anyway. This isn't any different, this can't even be as difficult, it's just... less pencil-and-paper, more dried up-plant-and-some-fire (or lack thereof). Right?

I can do it. This sucks, but I can do it.

No, I *will* do it.