One month in! My story

Well guys, I've done it! One month smoke free, Fuck YEAH!  
Started smoking back when I was finishing up highschool. Nothing serious I thought, just 1-2 cigs a day. This went on for about a year or so and during that year I would smoke more and more, till one pack wasn't lasting for a month, but would barely last half a week. I decided to quit then. I was a freshman at my dream college, thought maybe it would be better to quit.  
It mainly failed cause I wasn't quitting to "quit", but to "get back to my 1-2 cigs a day", I thought I had to get rid of every trace of nicotine from my system and then I could go back to it.  
Picked it up again my second semester, freshman year.  
Had long breaks between classes and ended up doing 2-3 round trips from my apartment to campus by bus. Would end up waiting 5-10 mins for the bus, 4-6 times a day. Was bored out of my fucking mind for those minutes - so I picked up smoking as a way to pass the time (smart, I know).  
Before I knew it, I was smoking two cigs every time I waited for the bus.  
Before I realized *that*, I ended up smoking at home. Something I never used to do. Then that changed from a pack a week to a pack a day. Then I got to a few packs a day on the weekends and a pack a day during the weekdays.  
Before it even entered my mind that maybe I was fucking addicted or something, I was spending a shit ton of cash on smokes, my room permanently smelled like an ashtray and so did I.  
I realized it was a fucking problem when one weekend I ended up going through 6 packs of smokes. Woke up Monday feeling like shit, seeing so many buds and so much ash in my trashcan; I decided to quit then.  
That was my junior year, at the end of my second semester. So I thought, I would quit through the summer break, then when I "reset my system", I would pick it up again. And I did, but not after the summer ended. I picked up again mid-summer.  
And one month ago, I realized that I can't quit with an attitude of "I'll quit for now and then get back to it later". So one month ago, December 23rd, 11:00AM, I decided to quit smoking for good.  
And here I am, one month later, smoke free. I've had many tempting circumstances, but weirdly enough, I can say that I've never *craved* for a smoke. It was in the back of my mind, but I never once thought to myself "I should buy a pack", or "I should ask my friend for a smoke". I suppose I got lucky in that way...  
Anyway, that's my ^*cough* short ^*cough* story.  
**TL;DR** To anyone who is trying to quit, my advice would be to commit to quitting for good; however, never be distraught if you slip up. One slip up does not mean that you have to go back to the way everything was. **Even if you slip up every other day, it still means that you have cut your smoking in half. And that isn't half fucking bad, now is it?**  
Good luck to you all and stay strong!