It's been almost a year since I stopped

I was dumped back in January, right after the New Year. Even worse, I was dumped by a text message and then completely ignored. Let's just say I took it really hard. 6 months relationship and I was thrown to the size like a piece of shit. A text message. I was really low at this point.

Just got dumped
Shitty working conditions (working outdoors in -30c weather)
super depressed
Money problems
drinking alot
out of shape

I told myself "You've gone through this before.. you know you'll get better & recover. One day at a time"


I told myself I always wanted to stop smoking, so why not stop smoking when i'm literally at the worst my life has ever been. if I can NOT smoke while i'm at my worst, nothing will ever be this hard again, and i'll never look for a cigarette as a crutch.

I decided to give Allan Carr's book a shot. As soon as I read "smoke while you read this" I decided to up my cigarette intake to 3 packs a day. I literally was smoking every 10 minutes. I smoked so much I was sick of it, and becoming sick from it in a literal sense.

I had my last cigarette after I read the last page in the book. I forced myself not to look at the time, look at the date, or anything else. I went to sleep & took a power nap. 

To this day I don't know when I actually stopped smoking, but I know it was around the 2nd week in January. I haven't had a single craving since (that I know of), and it didn't affect me. I truly look at myself as a non smoker, not a former smoker.

I've gone on vacations, gone in the outdoors, binge drinking, party drinking, hung out with smokers, sat on patios surrounded by smoke. Never once did I have the craving, never once did I miss it. 

Now i'm actually disgusted by smoke. I know the driver in front of my car is smoking a cigarette because I can smell it. It's so gross. Such a turn off.


I'm not posting all of this because I want "congrats!" or "well done!" - I truly don't think i've done anything spectacular or hard. I'm literally a normal average person now, because I do something the majority of the Canadian population does NOT do - smoke. 

I'm only posting this in hopes it might motivate someone who is a current smoker, or trying to stop. 

You are not missing out on anything. You can continue to do things you enjoy, or you associated with smoking, without the cigs. You actually enjoy it more.

I urge you all to stop. Just stop right now. If you are currently not smoking, I hope you can read this & find the push in yourself to not crave in. It does get easier, and eventually it goes away.

You don't have to trust me, because you don't know me - But if you want to. TRUST ME when I say life definitely gets better without smoking. 

Best of luck to all of you, I hope one day you never miss a sporting event, concert, family function, or important life moment because you were outside having a cigarette again... it's great ;)