I feel so stupid and weak.... but thank god this sub exists.

Hi everyone, 

I'm a long time lurker and admirer of all you brave and noble folk. For the first time in my life I've decided to see a therapist for my addiction (and an array of other issues). My appointments are on fridays at 11:00 and I was so looking forward to telling her this friday that it had been a whole week since I smoked. 

My problem is specifically spliffs. I am addicted to the mixture of weed and tobacco. It completely controls my life and my sense of identity. Except for the last 5 days, I am literally stoned all the time. I've always smoked weed... but it wasn't until I went to Europe 6 years ago that I was introduced to tobacco. 

The point is, I'm ready to quit. I'm disgusted by cigarettes. I hate the way they smell... always have. I hate the way I FEEL afterward... light headed, weak, drained, dry, disappointing. Weed by itself is quite enjoyable taste wise, however I am not at all interested in smoking weed by itself because it just seems too "intense". I know this makes no sense-- my brain has come up with some clever tricks. 

Anyways, I just smoked a spliff. I prayed to God it would taste disgusting but it didn't. My mouth tastes disgusting now, and I just spent the last 4 hours making a delicious pot of tortilla soup. Probably would taste better had I just not fucking smoked 5 minutes ago. 

I feel like I'm trying so hard. I bought all the herbal mouth sprays & tinctures... I'm paying someone to help me through this even though I can't necessarily afford it (hey, probably cheaper than a hospital bill down the road), I'm exercising more etc. This last craving was just so intense, felt like it lasted for 20 minutes. My boyfriend still smokes and is extremely supportive but he couldn't stop me from searching his car for the supplies just then. I also hate this hazy fog that the weed has given me. The last couple of days I have genuinely enjoyed the clarity I have generally felt. I was proud of myself for finally instilling some self-discipline... finally making some kind of positive decision about my life. 

I just wanted to share where I'm at... thank you for reading.
This. Is. So. Hard. 

But I have faith in myself. Getting back on the horse now.... I wish strength to anyone else struggling this evening. 