64 days in - the changes & improvements

Choosing to quit at NYE has worked out well for me. January was a month of not drinking regularly and exercising. With a supportive girlfriend and family, I'm glad to have finished with smoking but it feels like the battle is never over.

* 2 weeks.

The changes I noticed in the first two weeks were mainly the improvement of smell and the lack of cig breathe. I also began to recognise the behaviour of smokers behind me which made me begin to realise that smoking is just burning some leaves and sucking in the fumes which began to become more weird to me with the perspective of quitting.

I spent the majority of the time when I had cravings googling smoking and quitting facts on my phone which was handy. I was feeding the craving by rationalising the ill-effects of smoking, eg. I would keep telling myself that in 1 month, x would improve or y would improve.

* 1st month

Nothing is better than reaching your 1 month goal in your quit smoking journey. It validates your efforts and gives you something to talk about. You're beginning to feel really good now and you're feeling more in control of your cravings. Telling people you're not a smoker when they ask you for a cigarette is also nice.

When you go out, you realise the smell of a smoker isn't great. From the perspective of a quitter, the smell changes. If I were to describe it, it would be 'stale, but sharp.' 

I'm beginning to reflect on my time smoking, "I wasted my time smoking for 7 years!" My skin feels better, eye wrinkles are going down and stress is decreasing. 

I'm also judging people who smoke which makes me feel bad but it works! It is reinforcing my will to quit. I would look at people and think "Ergh" or "What's the point of that? You're doing nothing so you smoke?" 

Now I'm beginning to realise that I've quit an addiction which fills me with confidence. 

Cravings are few and far between. I'm spending less time googling facts now and anxiety is going down as I don't need to avoid situations anymore by having a cigarette.

I can now stand with a smoker in the smoking area and not smoke - Excellent!

Towards the end of the month, I feel more confident in battling addictions so I give up pornography after reading about the effects it has on our brains. This is a harder addiction to give up.

* 2 months

Another month, another milestone. Now I fully feel confident that I will never smoke again even though cravings still appear now and then. When I'm angry or alone, these cravings rise up and usually last for 5 minutes. Though with confidence, it becomes easier to sail through the craving. I am hoping that these cravings do not pop up in my life. 

I really want to make 2014 a year of non-smoking, after that then I will carry it throughout my life. 

Giving up cigarettes and porn at this point is making me more interested in what people have to say. It's making me feel more control of who I am and I'm getting more angry (in a self-respecting and good way.) I think people are finding me more interesting as well.

I'm still amazed that my breath doesn't smell at this point.

* Day 65

I'm writing this here, hopefully to inspire someone to change their ways like I was when I was lurking this subreddit in Dec 2013. 

The biggest gain is control of yourself through more confidence. I place more value on this than the health benefits.

So to smokers reading this, I ask you what the fuck are you doing? Smoking isn't a good look and if you think you need it to become social then you're mistaken. The tobacco industry doesn't give a damn about you, they want you to become addicted so you can fund their ill gotten wages.

As I type this, I've calculated that if I do not smoke this year, I will save just over £2000. That's significant enough to make me carry on.

Peace out.