Day One: A Quitters Manual

“The chains of habit are too weak to be felt until they are too strong to be broken.” ― Samuel Johnson

Too strong to be broken easily, anyway. But we can, and will, and should break them.

I don't know a single smoker whose first experience with smoking was them buying and smoking a pack, and then doing it again the next day, and the next. 

As that quote suggests, the chains are never felt instantly, and neither will breaking the chains of cigarettes that we've all self applied. Just as no one starts out as a pack a day smoker, no one quits for a month, or a year, or a decade. Instead, we don't smoke NOW, and then we continue to do so every time we think about it.

Here's what I suggest: don't smoke during the first 30 minutes of your day. Don't even think about the rest of the day.

Good job! Having proven that you can do that, do it again.

Congratulations, you are now someone who has proven they're capable of not smoking for an hour. Now forget about the past hour. 

Don't smoke for the next hour. You just proved you are capable of it, the next hour is no different than the last.

As someone who can go without smoking for two hours in a row, you're in the perfect situation to not smoke for the next two hours. You've earned that distinction. That's who you are now.

When was the last time you went four hours without smoking when you weren't asleep? Has it been a while? No, because you just accomplished that. Since that's something you're able to do, I have no doubt you can do it again.

Now you've made it through a whole shift at work without smoking. That's fantastic. You're capable of more than you ever gave yourself credit for. Take a deep breath. Your lungs are already healing. Your habits are already changing.

Now you're driving home without smoking, where you'll have dinner without smoking before and after, and then you'll watch a whole movie without pausing it to smoke, and then you'll fall asleep as someone who can go a whole day without smoking. It may seem incredible, but you are not the same person you woke up as. 

And tomorrow you'll wake up as someone who can go 24 hours without a cigarette. When was the last time you were that person? 

Go the first 30 minutes of tomorrow without smoking. This won't be too hard for someone who can avoid smoking for 24 hours, and that's who you are now.