17 years of smoking (12to29) working through my sixth month of clean living

Growing up with friends, family, and every small town acquaintance puffing on a cigarette is what I remember about the start of my nicotine addiction. I never truly considered the negative actions until later in life(though I of course knew), but by then I shrugged them off for the sweet, sweet satisfaction that it blessed me with. A sweetness that inevitably turned to bitter hatred each time I realized how evil of a person my greed was turning me into. I perceived each cigarette as an insult to the people around me, to the world itself, and saw myself as a selfish asshole that was putting my own needs above others. I found myself asking the simple questions, "Why do I need this?", "What makes this socially acceptable?", "I wish population control could find a new method..", and then it ended with an easy to make decision, never pick up another cigarette. The struggle was real, it was nothing like what I imagined it would be like. I could see the evil, hear the evil, and did every last thing in my power to prevent myself from letting that evil near my mouth. Each day I went through the misery I reminded myself of the evil that I was avoiding, of the good I was doing, and some days I could feel myself losing it.. turning on myself to return to the warm embrace that could be found in the succulent taste that was everywhere around me. My wife has also been a smoker for the eight years we've known each other, and still is to this day. Luckily we have never smoked in our home, but to step outside in view of a smoke being had, that rolling cloud swirling gracefully through my nostrils as I inhaled deeply would turn my mind into a rage. All I could do was grit my teeth, and push forward, returning to the fashioned memory that I was evolving myself. I was no longer a demon working towards the demise of civilization, I was ascending into a new world where people cared for one another. Turning my mind into a fabricated world was working, it was making me a better person in all aspects of life, and I was considering how my own actions as a human being reflected onto others more readily. February 2nd, 2014 was the last day of my previous life, I am nicotine free, and no longer get the cravings for the dark side.

A few thoughts on the process. Difficulty time table based on 1-10 ratings, 10 being the most difficult.

1-5 days - 10 (Filled with a demonic rage 99% of the day)

6-10 days - 9 (Constant cravings every time I was in the same area as smoke, random cravings at least twice every 3 hours)

11-30 days - 7 (Cravings had calmed significantly but still experienced at least 2 a day, was able to bear being around cigarettes)

31-60 days - 5 (Experienced a few cravings a week and started to feel better about myself when I saw people smoking, instead of feeling the urge to have one)

60-current - 2 (Very rarely do I ever find myself wanting to smoke a cigarette, quickly able to laugh off the idea of my former self if I do)

Process - Insane difficulty rating with an even higher feeling of satisfaction as time progresses. 


tl;dr - I created a simulated world inside my head to make me into a better person at the same time as purging out the nicotine from my body.
