A Little Over 3 Weeks and 10lbs

I started smoking at 23 in 2008 as a way to get extra breaks at work and to socialize with smoking colleagues.  I averaged about half a pack a day for most of those 8 years.  From about January-August 2011 I allowed myself to smoke inside my apartment and increased to 1-2 packs a day.

I've been a strange smoker.  I almost exclusively smoked during breaks at work and on the trip to and from work.  I've worked at a bunch of different places and in different locations and this never changed.  I was never a "get up and light up" person and frequently didn't light my first smoke until the afternoon.

After I got married to a person who hates smoking I made extra sure I only smoked while away from home.  Again, at work or while walking outside.  I moved to Japan in 2011 and smoking is legal in bars/restaurants here, so I've occasionally smoked in bars although I rarely go out.  (Note:  cigarettes cost equivalent of $4 a pack here - $12 back home in Canada).

Whenever I've traveled with my wife I've been smoke-free.  The maximum duration was 15 days and during that time I noted I rarely had any cravings.

Recently, I've moved in with my wife's parents to join their family business (not so strange an arrangement over here).  The house is a ten minute drive from the nearest store and I don't have a car or license or even a bike.  I have lost the ability to buy smokes and the ability to secretly smoke away from my wife, since I'm always around her.  Even if I was alone at a store somewhere I wouldn't be able to buy any, because I'm budgeting in such a way as to give myself no access to spending money.  (Saving for various things).

Given that I noted before a lack of strong cravings during smoke-free travel, and seeing an opportunity to rid myself of chances to cave in and buy a pack, I eagerly anticipated my chance to quit upon moving.

I've noticed over the past three weeks that I've wanted to smoke maybe a dozen times, and in each instance I only felt that way for a few moments.  Each took the form of "I wouldn't mind going for one of my smoking walks right now.  Oh wait, I can't."

I've now noticed several benefits:

1.  I don't have a constantly dry, irritated throat.  I *hated* that.

2.  I don't hork up as much mucous in the morning.  I always had some resting in my throat that was a pain to clear.

3.  I don't have to constantly wash the smell of smoke off my hands, and so my skin is a bit better off for it.

With all of the above I simply don't want to smoke anymore.  It really helps that I'm in a controlled environment and simply can't smoke in the first place.  Having no chance to relapse will help me to mentally quit as well as physically.

Bonus:  I've actually lost 10lbs since I quit, proving that you don't necessarily gain weight when you quit.  Why did I lose?  Because of the aforementioned sore throat, I often found myself snacking a lot during the day to alleviate the discomfort.  I no longer buy or consume such snacks and, combined with a more busy lifestyle now (outdoor work), it's paying off.

Message to others:  If you can't quit on your own, try to engineer a situation where it is no longer in your control.  Enlist a nagging spouse or relative or simply lock up your bank/credit cards and be sure you don't carry any surplus cash when you're around places that sell cigarettes.  It won't win the battle for you, but it may help.