Am I the only one who is finding Allen Carr's book unhelpful?

I see a lot of people in this sub who recommend "Allen Carr's Easy Way to Stop Smoking" and that this was the only way they quit. 

I'm about a third of the way into it now and I'm finding it boring, unhelpful and even a little bit arrogant. Here's my interpretation of the book so far:

1. Nearly every chapter rattles on about how he stopped cold turkey after a 100 a day habit (is that even possible? a cigarette **every 10 minutes?** It makes one wonder how he (allegedly) wasn't  physically ill quitting with that level of nicotine in his body). 

2. He uses the analogy of "you wouldn't wear tight shoes all day just to feel the relief when you take them off" regularly. How is that the same as a physical drug dependency? 

3. He addresses every single point that every other non smoker has made in order to get me to quit. Cost, smell, bad breath, horrible teeth, cancer etc. Of course, they all make sense, no matter who tells me. I can't disagree that I'm giving myself cancer, that it's filthy, I'm stupid for even starting in the first place. But I continue to smoke, whether it's my neighbour telling me these things or my doctor; I keep going back. 

4. "It's only a psychological dependency. You only think you are addicted to nicotine." I call bullshit. Nicotine is a drug, much like diazepines, cocaine and heroin. Would you apply the same kind of logic to somebody addicted to heroin? Somebody who may reach the point where they have to steal and sell their possessions and even their bodies just to feed their "psychological dependency"? 

5. "Be happy that you're a non smoker!"
Let me compare the habit smoking to somebody who is dieting because they have a habit of snacking between meals or something. Do you think the person trying to lose weight is going to be thrilled that they can no longer have their "fix" before 11 o'clock? I've tried that too and it sucks. I eventually enjoyed the fact I lost a few pounds but my stomach still rumbled at first and even now I sometimes crave a sweet release to reward myself.  

Maybe I'm not ready to quit yet? I have quit before and was a non smoker for 9 months before I started again last year. 

I would love to be a non smoker again. That's why I bought Allen Carr's book after seeing it recommended so often on the subreddit. But I'm just not impressed with it so far. 