My husband is going to buy cigarettes. I'm not going to smoke.

My husband works as a high school Biology teacher in a very rural, failing school with students that lack interest in education at best and are violent and disrespectful as well. He's a big guy, 6' 3"... over 300 pounds, and this job has him stressed to the point that he breaks down, crying. I've seen the man cry three times in the last decade. Two of them were this year, due to this job. After being back at work for four days (this is our eighth day not smoking) he decided to start smoking again. In his own words, not because he wants to smoke... but because he needs a layer of addiction between him and his job, so that he doesn't burst into tears at work, so that there's still a chance he can get hired elsewhere without that being mentioned. So that he has something to think about during his day besides his job... like when his next smoke break will be.

I'm not going to smoke, though. It's going to be so much harder not to now. But, the days of my kids having two smoking parents are through. My life may be stressful, but not like his. Hopefully we can find him a teaching position elsewhere for the next school year. And can get him to quit as soon as this school year is over. Either way... I'm not going back.

But, I need you guys. I'm going to be coming here, often... when I smell the cigarettes on his shirts, when I find his half-empty packs, when my kids haven't napped and I haven't napped and I've heard nothing but crying and screaming all day... when my husband comes home from work and his eyes are full of pain and there's not a damn thing that I can do to make him happy... And that's the biggest one. I desperately wish that there was something I could do for him. I can keep his home life happy, but the biggest part of his day is at work and I'm not Jeannie or Samantha. (I can wiggle my nose, but it just makes me look like a rabbit. Nothing magical.) So, anyway... keep being here for me, please. Frankly, I'm rather terrified that I'm going to fail at this again. And I really don't want to.