A letter from a smoker to a non-smoker (Hint: Same person)

After today, actually in a few hours I will commit to NEVER SMOKING ANOTHER CIGARETTE AGAIN! I will break the link of a never ending chain of cigarettes that is and will kill me one way or the other.

I started smoking with a friend on a back road in MN, We would sit on a stored pontoon boat and smoke whatever cigarettes we could get, wether it be his dads or some purchased for us by an older friend. We enjoyed the “Buzz”. I still feel that “buzz” every morning during my first cigarette. It starts in my head then slowly creeps down to my legs. My toes get cold and I struggle to breath. But yet every morning I light up a smoke and begin the cycle again. This has been going on for over 20 years. 20 YEARS!

I am 34 years old now and spent most of my prime inundated and oppressed by cigarettes. I have smoked under the illusion that I “NEEDED” them. I was only trying to replace the void that cigarettes cause during the cessation in between smokes. It has taken my good natural health and turned it into what someone with a serious lung or heart condition would feel. I am an incredible athlete and have covered that up with cigarettes and have been unable to show it due to improper function of my respiratory system. I have been destroying myself with cigarettes.

I smoke Marlboro No. 27’s because essentially they are the least disgusting but still disgusting nonetheless. They are incredibly addictive and the smoke very quickly. They give me the most intense buzz as opposed to other brands. Any other cigarette is so bad that I hardly can smoke them. 

Regardless of brand they make me anxious, constantly unsatisfied, tired, lethargic, depressed, and worthless. I barely get into sex and let’s just say that when I come I can see that cigarettes effect your reproductive health. It is a DRUG ADDICTION and today I am ridding myself from them and beginning a new life 100% free of tobacco products. Shame on the companies and governments that support this drug, shame on them. And shame on me for getting to this point. I ultimately had the choice to do this anytime since I started. I did not take the leap.

I wheeze, cough, have a terrible taste in my mouth. I smell like a bar. I have a hard time breathing, I exhale more than I inhale which is an obvious sign that my lungs are in poor health. Since starting smoking I have been spitting up brown phlegm in the morning and for 2 years white phlegm coming out of my nose all day long. My teeth hurt and my gums have receded. My toes and fingers are numb in any weather other than indoors. I feel pains in my chest. My eyes are darkened and skin pale. After exercise I spit up hard chunks of slightly darker brown residue. That obviously should not happen and is likely tar that’s been in there for a long time. I spit it up for weeks even after I refrain from smoking. I am 34 years old with amazing genes and I have been ruining that blessing with cigarettes for 20 years.

I replace food for cigarettes and therefore am much thinner than I should be. When I stop I do gain weight but for me that’s a good thing. I tend to eat more and eat better.

My jaw, due to the action of smoking has become stressed and overused. I have misdiagnosed it with TMJ. My ears are constantly in need of popping and once again white phlegm is constantly coming out of my nose.The pressure in my ears is chronic and disturbing, distracting and uncomfortable. Sometimes it’s painful. I have momentary bouts of tinnitus due to the irritation in my upper respiratory tract. Which enflames my jaw and pushes on my eustachian tube.

My body is constantly full of toxins that humans have only been exposed to for a short time. I refill those toxins 3-8 times everyday. On top of that I eat like garbage and for work in the summer I paint houses exposing myself to even more toxins and cancer causing chemicals.

This morning I thought I “needed” a cigarette so badly that I smoked one after I cooked breakfast. Gave myself a terrible headache a shitty buzz and proceeded to eat a cold egg and elk meat burrito. I ruined even breakfast and continue to suffer through the horrible taste and feelings I get through the day.

Up until 2 months ago I was living with an amazing woman. One who I was in love with. She fed me so well and the times we shared were so good. Yet I became a serial liar because she would not accept a smoker as her mate. I was aware of this and had every opportunity to quit and did not. I lied to her face hundreds of times saying that the smoke she was smelling was the pot I just smoked with the neighbors. We’ll it was obviously a lie. And she caught on. I lost her and will never get her back. I deserve what I got and WILL NEVER SMOKE AGAIN so that I can live the rest of my life honestly and without shame.

I spent many hours/days avoiding her whether I was working on a job site, in my office or pretending to go shopping. I was smoking...secretly. I would waste so much time in an already short life smoking or trying to smoke. I will never get that time back. And I will never be able to undo what I did to our relationship. This is quite possibly the saddest part.

I am a secret smoker. One that is ashamed and embarrassed to smoke. I hid from friends and was paranoid about anyone busting me smelling like smoke. I would choose to not participate in fun healthy things to do in order to stay alone and smoke. It’s a BRUTAL way to live as my now quit uncle has preached.

I am not the type of person to smoke, not that anyone is, but I am an athlete and an endurance athlete at that. Yet I chose to pursue smoking more often than skiing or riding my bike or going on a climb. And when I do those things I suffer with compromised lung and heart function. I fall behind my non smoking friends quickly, which with my natural physical endurance and strength I should be the first guy up the mountain EVERY TIME!

I spent the last 5 years skiing everyday but with damaged lungs and constricted blood vessels. I had low energy levels and could not ski all day. I was only able to hike the Ski hill 1-2 times a day. Even on the shortest hikes I would be short of breath and struggling. There was a few years I did not smoke and I was able to hike to the ridge 5-7 times per day easily. I want to be doing that again.

My fingers and toes would be so cold even on warmer days. I would feel sharp pains in my lungs and chest. I feel like there is liquid or phlegm in my lungs at all times and when I am pushing it in the mountains I feel it even more. Even right now my toes are cold sitting on the couch writing this letter.

I would avoid carpooling to the hill because I wanted to smoke 2 cigarettes on the way there and on the way back. After doing so I would feel my legs tire quickly as opposed to when I didn’t smoke on the way up. My back was always on the verge of going out. Instead of drinking water I would smoke and then be dehydrated throughout the day. I would get stoned with buddies on the chairlift and with the cigarettes chemicals going through my system I would suffer great head rushes and could not breath. Leading to hardly being able to ski at all. Whereas with no cigarettes I could still ski like a motherfucker and be quite high. However after today I am not going to smoke any grass for a long time, recently after my breakup I stopped until yesterday when a guy crashing here had some weed and was very generous. But honestly I do not like how that feels anymore either.

At work I would spend a lot of time hiding behind my truck smoking a cigarette hoping that my customers would not see me. I would smoke and pretend to be strategizing about the project when in reality I could just be working and making more money. When a customer sees me smoking or finds a cigarette butt in their yard they are always surprised and disappointed. It reflects badly on me and is incredibly unprofessional. It may prevent that customer from referring my business or hiring me again. 

Unfortunately cigarettes are impossible to hide. While I may not smell them on my clothes after a few minutes the odor is there and it lingers. My non-smoking friends (most of which think I do not smoke) smell it but are confused as they don’t know I am a smoker. But they do smell it and when I took breaks and my smell returned I could REALLY smell it on others and it is absolutely fucking gross!

I spend a lot of time driving just to smoke, Only to be paranoid about someone I know seeing me with my window down puffing on a cigarette. I purchased the nicest truck of my life a few years ago and it went from a new car with leather seats and that great scent of leather to smelling like a used ashtray. And even though I haven't smoked in it for days it’s still there. It prevents me from carpooling as well due to my friends smelling it and not knowing I smoke. There is permanent damage due to me bumping the ceiling or doors with a lit cigarette.

My Dog was my best friend and the greatest dog on earth. I promised him many years ago that I would quit smoking because it was terrible for me and it bothered him to no end. Imagine with his sense of smell, how terrible cigarette smoke was to him. I failed on that promise and kept smoking. He died of throat cancer this spring and whether or not my smoking had anything to do with it I made our trucks and vans that we traveled in for so many years a smoke box for him to be forced to breath. Before he died I had a dream that we both had throat cancer and I woke up in sweats, it was a nightmare. I never want to feel that feeling I had in the dream EVER!


During the summer it’s mountain bike season, unfortunately I just went another summer having said I would quit and never did. I avoided riding because I would not be able to keep up or it was painful for me as a smoker. I would also smoke after a ride and my workout was instantly worthless. All that great exercise ruined with 1 cigarette. 


My dear grandmother who is the last of her 9 siblings all of which smoked while she did not is good proof that if I keep doing this it will shorten my life drastically and make life be a cycle of ill health, bad breath shit mouth and falling behind of my non-smoking friends. She always told me to take care of myself and I never did. Those are simple words of advice from someone who saw her entire family die tragically due to smoking related illnesses. Grandma, I am listening. We’ll see you next weekend! Love you!

My dad smokes. He has always smoked and my Brother and I would always have access to his packs. We would even take 1/2 cigarettes out of the ashtray and smoke them. We were in our teens and for some reason at that time it was cool to be addicted to cigarettes. Fuckin idiots! As we were underage we would have to steal them from stores. And if your were going to steal a pack you might as well steal a carton, I remember walking off with 5-10 cartons of smokes at a time. Never got busted. But have been getting punished for those cartons ever since.

I have been smoking on and off for 20 years. I have quit for 2 years and 4 years. When I started up again I thought what the hell I’ll smoke just one. Then went a week without smoking. Then had a few cigs and shortly after that I was fully hooked again. And have been for the last 5 years. I am an addict and I smoke almost everyday. 5-10 cigs a day. For no other reason than to fill a void that the last cigarette caused. Each and every cigarette is a link in a never ending chain of smoking. Every smoker is a chain smoker. Today I am going to break that chain.

I just smoked my second to last cigarette. I feel my heart thumping I have a head rush. I smell like an ashtray, my mouth tastes like a dog just shit in it. I already feel like another cigarette as the nicotine spikes and lowers. I was embarrassed when someone drove by and saw me. I hope they pity me. I am a sad story. I have no choice to stop right now or I’ll be a smoker for the rest of my life. I CANNOT KEEP TELLING MYSELF THAT I”LL QUIT TOMORROW. Sadly that has been my mantra for 20 years. And it has not worked.




Soon I will take a shower to remove the smoke off my hair and beard. I will brush my teeth to remove the taste from my mouth. I will get on my bike a ride even thought it’s dark and cold. I will print this letter to myself and have it to remind me of the horrors of being a smoker and the relief, satisfaction, and improved life of being a non smoker.





My fear of quitting and doubt about myself have been getting the best of me. I have learned through books and personal experience that nicotine is a terrible drug one that I can get my fix at any corner store for a measly five bucks a pack. However with the right mindset nicotine is a non factor and quitting barely has any withdrawal symptoms. It is only my weakness and fear that is preventing me from stopping. Today I am no longer fearful. I will wash the lifetime of thinking that cigarettes are good or that they have flavor or they help with situations in life or are even remotely a social icebreaker. THEY FUCKING SUCK!

At 5pm on November 29th I will be free of the chains of smoking and will begin the healing process. I intend on skiing everyday for the next week then I will be boarding a plane to a faraway land to heal my mind and body. When I return I will no longer have cigarettes in my life and will no longer be dictated by them even to the slightest extent.

I will choose social events over being solo in my garage smoking.

I will breath properly and all the toxins from cigarettes will be removed through natural processes.

I look forward to having good breath, to not smelling like a bar. To not being ashamed or paranoid. To having more time and better health to pursue my career with more confidence and to perform in my athletics better than ever!

I will no longer be a slave to nicotine. I will no longer be potentially creating cancer or other serious health problems down the road. I am excited to having my current ailments that are 100% caused by smoking be eliminated. I look forward to being a success story versus a sad story.

Update: November 29th 2013 5:02pm. 

I am 34 years old I am no longer a smoker and I am free!




