Unbelievable. Just a little update on my 3 year saga to quit smoking.

For the last 3 years I've been "quitting" smoking. For me that's meant smoking 2 packs on the weekends and having nicotine patches during the week, unless I am around my inlaws who all smoke or if I drink. Then I was allowed to smoke. But I wasn't a smoker, I was *quitting* (/s). 

I loved smoking, I really did. And I think about it a lot still, and I still love it, but I love not smoking *more*, which is a very difficult thing to maintain. Loving the absence of something more than the thing. 

Anyway at a certain point my wife said she'd had enough, and that I needed to pick a direction and go with it, and that she'd prefer I be around during her retirement. We're thinking about having kids soon, so there's that, too. 

I've also had a problem with quitting "forever" like saying "this is my last cigarette forever," but we need to have a last one, otherwise we haven't quit. You can't smoke, period. And you can't smoke ever again. If you can't commit to quitting forever, there's no reason not to have just one on saturday night which turns into just a pack on weekends, which turns into a pack a day., 

That was a hard pill for me to swallow, cigarettes had been with me for SO long, and I've never had alcohol without cigarettes and how the hell am I going to manage that? I set a goal. I didn't have to quit forever. I had to quit for 60 days. Absolutely zero cigarettes for 60 days and I would do that no matter what and I promised myself and my wife and god that I'd do it. At the end of 60 days I could go out and buy a pack if I wanted. 

The result was I cruised through and barely noticed 60 days had even passed. I'm on day 70 since my last smoke, and I've gone out and drank and been around smokers with no problems. Occasional cravings like "oh, I should be having a cigarette" as opposed to chemical withdrawal. 

Anyway just thought I'd share my success story. Basically saying I was going to quit for a fixed period of time made it a lot easier to swallow. I have no plans to ever have a cigarette again, life is just too good without them