[Venting] Almost relapsed last night... I suppose at least now I know I want it more than I have before.

I have tried to quit smoking so many times.  While I assume responsibility for my actions, it is arguments with my wife that lead to me smoking.  She really can't let up on me even if I am trying to quit and she is a bit naggy/bitchy (nothing too out of the ordinary and she is extraordinary in many positive ways).  

Last night when she was trying to talk about something that is a dead subject that we have "resolved" 3 times, but she still feels the need to bring up and tak about, it was really frustrating me and I could feel my temper boiling.  I said with a calm voice, "This really isn't a good time, I'm getting really frustrated and I don't feel like this is going to lead anywhere positive.  We should talk about it later."  She then proceeded to get more upset and ask me why I have to get so stressed and frustrated by everything.  I didn't think I was acting unreasonably at all, and I think she was just trying to push my buttons.  I wish she could understand what I am going through.  When she is going through her hormonal issues I am supposed to allow her to be rude to me, but when I am having chemical issues over quitting smoking, she can't even give me a break.  It bums me out, and like I said, many times before it has led to me smoking.  The same way I want a cigarette after I eat, or other habit times, I want one when we argue.  Only, at that point, not only do I want a cigarette, I'm also in an extremely 'fuck it' kind of mood.  Last night I powered through it though, just tried to keep my inner peace and reminded myself that all I had to do is make it until it was time to go to sleep, then I wouldn't have to suffer any longer. 

I have been using the patch but this has still been extremely hard.  The cravings have been overbearing.  I used to smoke right when I woke up every morning.  You know that feeling when you wake up, or get off work, and your body just wants a cigarette so so badly?  I've been feeling that incessantly since day 2.  I hope it goes away soon.  I don't want to go back, ever.