My first cigarette: a flashback

[This post]( http://www.reddit.com/r/stopsmoking/comments/1gog56/i_started_my_attempt_to_quit_today_after_a_bad/) took me back.

I was older than most when I had my first cigarette. It was my 18th birthday, only months after I had arrived in the US on a scholarship. I had no family in the States and was still reeling from my first contact with the Midwestern winter. It was January and most people had not returned to campus for the spring. I was incredibly homesick and lonely, and most of all I missed my dad, who was and is a smoker, and the smell of smoke was like his smell.

I showed them my passport at the store (legal age today!) and bought a pack of Marlboro Reds to celebrate it. (I find that this is many young folks’ first pack, maybe because of the name, and because it sounds like you know what you’re talking about when you ask for it at the store!)

I remember I couldn’t believe how bad it tasted. It was early evening but already dark, and I lit it up while walking back from the drugstore. In the cold it felt kind of good, but there was an immediate feeling of nausea and sickness. Still, the smell comforted me. 

Can’t remember if I smoked all of it; don’t think I could have; I remember that pack lasted me at least two months. I would smoke one (more like make myself do it) usually after watching intelligent, intense, angsty movies where people smoked a lot. It was appealing, even if the taste wasn’t. 

Still, I’m not blaming the movies…I didn’t become a real smoker until a couple of years later, when I tapped into a crowd of great folks who all smoked. Since I had smoked before, I didn’t consider myself a non-smoker, so why not? …Pretty soon, hanging out together meant lighting up and dragging on one cigarette after another. Ah, we were young and thought we’d live forever. Which of course made us want to *die*!

The funny thing is, I didn’t really get into smoking until I was already smoking 15-20 cigarettes a day. By then, because I wanted them so much, I thought I loved smoking. It’s bitterly funny to realize now that it was just my body accepting that I had actively cultivated this habit (I had worked hard at it, inspite of the bad taste and early waves of nausea) and releasing endorphins to make me comfortable in my unconscious misery.

But I think now – a cigarette is a cigarette is a cigarette. Every cigarette (a few thousand at least) I have smoked since that first one must have affected me in the same way; must *actually* have had the same horrible taste and smell as that first one. But when I stopped listening to my body, it slowly stopped trying to communicate with me about it. It did what all my non-smoker friends did, sooner or later: stopped complaining about it. I addicted my body to it. And now I’m mad when it craves? 

Over the past few days I have been trying to change my mental approach to smoking. Just like Allen Carr shifts people’s mindset about a cigarette itself (I haven’t read the book but picked up a fair bit from these boards about it), I’m also trying to develop a better relationship with my body, particularly about smoking. Kind of like…the self (I) is my body’s sheperd, and although I have steered it wrong in this way and come a long way in the wrong direction, I am the only one who can change directions and take it to a less painful, less dependent, less dysfunctional place. I shudder when I think about my younger sibling smoking (started before me, but that’s no comfort really, we have shared many a smoke), but I have to shudder equally hard for my own self too.

Okay, body, I’m trying to listen. It’s hard, and I’m sorry. 

