Day 6.. Feels Good and horrible :D

its been six days after over a year of daily smoking (up to 18 times a day at one point) and i feel infinitely better and absolutely terrible at the same time. i'm coughing a bunch, mucus is thick and i keep choking on it. and it's finals week, so there's that. But what's shocking to me is that as horrible as i feel, i know that i used to feel like this(although its getting better) every two hours or so. and mere seconds after that first rip i would feel nothing anymore and be ready to jump off a cliff again. So rather than pretending that those ten seconds were more important than my entire life anymore i decided enough was enough. No one should have to live in a constant state of withdrawal, it is a fate worse than death and that is exactly what the nicotine beast does. i have really bad anxiety as well as depression and i lied to myself every day and said that nicotine helped. i can honestly say looking back that absolutely NOTHING exacerbated my anxiety&depression as much as smoking. it was constantly all that i thought about. it was like very sentence spoken to me, even a word in i would start thinking "HOLY SHIT HOW LONG ARE YOU GOING TO TALK FOR WE COULD BE DISCUSSING ALL OF THIS WHILE SMOKING OR I COULD JUST LEAVE AND GO SMOKE SO SHUT UP AND WALK AWAY SO I CAN LEAVE OMG!!!!" while attempting to feign some form of human emotion towards them, contorting my face into some horrible twisted surrealist version of smiling. (while typing smiling i actually started to think about smoking and typed smoking, fuck you troll brain). i hated myself for smoking, and i hated the world for not letting me smoke without judgement, but i now realize all of that judgement was simply from myself, and i was projecting it onto everyone. i don't really know where i'm going with this, other than that i hate nicotine. HAATEEE. The withdrawals the first day were honestly not much worse than the ones experienced after waking up and not smoking until the late afternoon. they haven't left yet, but they are definitely starting to decrease. My mom is a smoker who has no idea i ever smoked tobacco and since i live at home (im 19) i am constantly exposed to plumes of smoke, clothes that reak, the car smells, there is loose tobacco and packs of bugler all over, which is making me force me demons head on, which i believe is the only way i am going to be able to do this. I'm currently on vicodin for kidney stones (i have a stent in) and post surgery was the first time i lost the urge to smoke(that was definitely temporary, cravings have since skyrocketed), so i figured fuck it let's do this. 6 days in i can honestly say i feel sooooo much better, my anxiety has dropped a ton(it's still there, but it's the kind of anxiety i was used to pre-smoking so i feel more equipt to handle it. i have anxiety issues, and have been on ativan for it but i felt like a zombie so fuck that as well) i feel so much happier about life. I woke up at 6 this morning and actually felt good. i looked out the window, beautiful pink and purple sunrise, with light snow. i felt so much peace, it was amazing, i hadn't had that level of relaxation and contentment in an extremely long time. i feel like im starting to enjoy things again. the hate is changing, i no longer hate everything, just tobacco. the grip it had on me was unbeleivable, but honestly there is not much more i love in life than mind over matter situations, for example wrangling a really strong trip right before it goes bad into a beautiful moment of understanding, or whilst freerunning trying a gap bigger than anything i've done before. I plan to addict myself to not smoking. To the feeling of having that nicotine monster crying out in anguish as i laugh maniacally. 

Basically, i feel a hell of alot better, even though the withdrawals feel awful. You guys are awesome and have kept me going strong. I don't plan on relapsing. i want to hold the hand of others that are struggling as you guys have held mine, even if you didn't know it. 

thank you all so much! and sorry for that wall of text. If you guys have any tips, advice, comments, thoughts, stories, anecdotes anything , whatever it is let's hear it, i could use all the advice i can get and i'm sure others could as well. 

tl;dr: Quit 6 days ago after a lil over a year because i temporarily didn't wanna smoke after surgery, and just went with it. withdrawals suck but LIFE IS SO MUCH BETTER! you guys rock, feel free to post tips and advice. MUCH LOVE!