Smoking Day 3

It took me an hour to light my first cigarette. I felt awful all of yesterday having smoked 3 in the daytime. Since my last quitting, daytime smoking hasn’t been too much of an issue. On weekends or the eves of later class days I’d get drunk, end up at a gas station, and buy some shitty Prime Time singles and occasionally a full pack (Camel filters, Camel Reds if they had them). The next day I would shamefully flush them down the toilet and throw in a lozenge.
Maybe I’ve given up. There is no doubt in my mind that I will quit again, but now I just want to smoke, no matter how awful my body feels. I guess I’m used to an awful feeling body now. I received a lifetime pass to acid reflux when I was 18 and my lung collapsed 11 months ago. Keep in mind that even if I wasn’t smoking I had a solid chance of having lung and stomach problems due to loving Swedish roots; yet it’s undeniable that I was the youngest of my Swedish family to ever encounter these particular miracles of genetics.
I’m writing for the school paper now. It’s not a very good paper and based off of my first and only article to be published in said paper: I’m not a very good writer. The article I should be writing instead of this is little more than a verified rumor with no leads or people willing to talk with me. The point is my first article was on the process of quitting smoking; which seems ironic but probably isn’t. In a way I feel like a rapey priest: I gave you absolution, now I can have my fun.
My brother smokes because of me. It was so much cooler back then. I had a friend who got me to start smoking. He was cooler than me and he did cooler things than I did. He was also bi-polar. And he’s dead. I’d probably feel bad about introducing my brother to cigarettes if I could hate a living person for getting me to smoke in the first place. But I can’t, so I don’t take too much responsibility for my actions. Yeah, it sounds like I’m a shitty person for thinking that way, but if I can’t blame or resent anyone for my addiction why should he have that privilege. With addiction you are alone. I know there’s plenty of support groups out there for people with much more debilitating addictions than smokers, but their sole purpose is to make people feel less alone in their struggle.
That’s a major conundrum in addiction; people want to call it a disease. Addiction is not a disease, but that’s the only word good enough to describe in order to elicit a sense of empathy. Make no mistake; the majority of addicts chose their fate, but addiction, like disease, is more often more powerful than the addict. Smoking was a choice I made, however difficult it may be for me to quit, I have only myself to blame, and that makes me feel so alone. It’s important for people to be empathetic to the addicted, but I don’t see why they have any reason to be.
Maybe my brother can blame me for him smoking. That’s fair. But he’ll be just as alone as I am if and when he decides to quit. Blame can chew through the soul of anybody, but it’s easier to forgive anybody over yourself.
I’m not trying to quit right now. I have one cigarette left and do not plan on buying anymore anytime soon, even though I’ve woken up plenty of times at the register of a nearby gas station signing my name for another pack. I’m back in it now.