Tips and opinions on quitting smoking while traveling?

Okay so I've been smoking for 5 years. About 2 packs a week. And lately I can't stop thinking about quitting. My boyfriend smokes, all of my friends smoke and the people I live with smoke. I quit successfully before for 5 months but started again when I hit a HUGE rough patch in my life. I have pretty good willpower and when I want something bad enough, I will follow through. And I know no matter how hard it is, I'll stay strong. But my only issue with quitting right now is ...

I'm going to Europe for 6 weeks, mainly Ireland and England, In a month and a half. I'm a very anxious traveler at times, I've never left Canada before and this will be my first big trip away from home and in a new country. I'll be surrounded by my boyfriend who smokes and some of his friends who smoke. I know we'll be going to alot of pubs throughout the trip. A main thing that's suggested when quitting smoking is to avoid alcohol, which would be easy if I wasn't going on this trip so soon. I really enjoy beer but would be able to avoid it otherwise. I know most people will suggest avoiding pubs and such while I'm there, but it's petty difficult seeing as I'll be in my boyfriends home town and he's excited to show me his local pubs and get to know his friends. 

I know I can quit with enough determination. but I'm spending alot of money on this trip and I'm even quitting my job to go, I REALLY want to enjoy my trip overseas. Smoking won't add anything to my trip at all but I know how tough cravings, withdrawals and mood swings are. I had a tough few months last time i quit, was very cranky, emotional, mood swings, constant thought of smoking. And adding that to the anxiety of traveling, jet lag and being away from home might be too much. I would be so disappointed if I was cranky or anxious while trying to enjoy my first trip. 

Ive already cut back, and only smoke 2-3 a day, and only because my job work breaks have become habit. I set myself a quit date for after my trip, where I can avoid bars, people who are smoking, alcohol and any triggers. I know that ill stick to my guns on it, because ill be out of my routine job aswell. But I still can't shake the feeling that I might just be making excuses, one minute I'm just like "quit now!" And then the next, I'm thinking about how I would be so disappointed to ruin the trip with withdrawals and mood swings.

Any tips? 

Thanks :) 

