One Month (kindof), checking in...

So, I've been doing the patch thing.  But only two weeks (one box) on each step, so I'm on a six week program instead of a 10 week program as recommended by the manufacturer.  I just stepped down to the tiny little 7mg patch a couple days ago.  But it's now been a month since I bought a pack, and I'm pretty proud of that.  Though I am about to qualify that...

That said I have had a few fuck-ups, two maybe three since I started.  The last was on 4/20 :-/ when I think I accidentally smoked a spliff thinking it was a joint.  All my fuck-ups happened while (nearly) blackout drunk (obvious trigger is obvious), which is something else I should probably work on, but I'm only slaying one dragon at a time here.  But even so, my real count is on day 9, but even then I still have nicotine in my system from the patch.  My plan is to use the counter from the last pack until I'm off the patch (maybe even three days after last patch), then reset the clock once I'm truly nicotine free.

What was really mind blowing as a former pack a day smoker, was I had horrendous headaches and withdrawal symptoms for several days after what would've been about 1 cigarette after the 4/20 incident.  What was really interesting in light of being on the patch is that, despite the withdrawal symptoms, I didn't really have the craving pangs that I'd normally associate with it.  I think the patch has successfully divorced withdrawal symptoms from cravings, which I still have occasionally but they seem like two separate problems now.

The other note I'd make is that, each time I step down I have a resurgence of withdrawal symptoms for 2-4 days, but they are greatly diminished from a pack-a-day cold turkey withdrawal.  So, for me at least, using the patch has been a bit like quitting 4 times in a row (and each time being about 75% less uncomfortable than cold turkey).  Actually if you count the fuck-ups, I'd call it a solid 6 quits or 'withdrawal episodes'.

But now when then withdrawal symptoms hit, it really just feels more like a headache and my mind doesn't race to the solution to it being a cigarette, like my brain finally gets that ins't going to FIX the situation.  I don't know if that is me breaking free of the psychological side of the addiction or what, but from my previous cold turkey attempts, it is a marked change where the two were inextricably linked.

Anyway, I just wanted to check-in and be a little bit of a braggart (even if I don't totally deserve it).  After I get all the way of the patch, I think I write a full retrospective of the experience for those that might interested.  Maybe when I've been off the patch for a full two weeks (call it a fictional "Step 4").  (As a freelancer, my main motivation was to mitigate my asshole-ish tendencies.  When everyone you work with is "your boss", you can't afford to be a dick to anybody.)

To everyone else, stay strong and if you do fuck-up it doesn't mean you have to have a full blown relapse.  Just keep on trucking!