Hopefully my last time quitting. A few tips and a question.

I've been smoking for almost 15 years now. I was a very heavy smoker of both weed and cigarettes. The longest I've quit before was 8 months, and then regrettably, I feel back into it after drinking heavily one holiday weekend. I'm back to quitting again, and so far I've gone a week without smoking anything.

Last night I was at a friends place and everyone was chain smoking and drinking. I stayed strong and didn't drink or smoke. However, I'm having incredibly bad cravings today. Is it possible to get nicotine in your system from second hand smoke? It seemed easy all week up until today.

Here are some tips that helped me get started on  quitting:

1. If you're thinking about quitting, but haven't taken the plunge yet. Try to set some boundaries on where, and when you smoke. Even when I fell back into smoking I never smoked at work. If you don't smoke at work/school that's ~8 hours without a cigarette everyday. 

2. Bad cravings and nothing to do? Take a nap and try to sleep it off. I'd come home from work and want a smoke, but to delay myself I'd take a nap. By the time I woke up I completely forgot about it for at least an hour or so.

3. When I crave cigarettes real bad I reach for some of [these](https://www.google.com/search?q=floss+toothpicks&tbm=isch&tbo=u&source=univ&sa=X&ei=D4yFUfL6M6iI0QG21IHADQ&ved=0CFYQsAQ&biw=1920&bih=979). I got the idea from Mitch Hedberg. He has a joke how starting to floss is as hard as quitting smoking.

4. Keep busy! The more you do something else the less you smoke. I'd wake up from the naps and start exercising just to keep myself busy. After exercise the last thing you want is a smoke. Sitting around doing nothing will make you want to smoke. When I wasn't exercising I'd try and clean or run an errand.

5. Try not to watch a lot of TV. One of the toughest things to do is watch someone else smoke. There's no shortage of that on TV. If you do watch TV, try and watch like a pixar movie or something that's geared toward a younger crowd. There won't be smoking on those kinds of shows.

6. Cold turkey is really the only way to quit. No cutting back or patches/gum. It just doesn't work and it's also dangerous. Those products have a lot of nicotine in them! If you end up smoking after chewing the gum or while on the patch you just pumped your system full of poison. If you're gonna quit you have to commit.

7. Try to stay hydrated. When I was smoking I noticed I drank a lot more water and sports drinks. I was always having a sip of something after a smoke. When I quit I started drinking less because i wasn't smoking. I didn't realize right away, and I ended up getting very dehydrated since I was exercising on top of that.

That about wraps it up. If anyone has any tips for me I'd love to hear them. trying to make this my last time quitting. Any help would be great.