Some things I realized when I quit smoking

Becoming a superhuman is perfectly realistic. Why? Because most impressions and behaviors directly result from certain thinking patterns and nothing else. Most of the things we feel and do aren't hardwired instincts. Despite what people think, our genes and brains are not that totalitarian to our decision making abilities. Moods, feelings, emotions, behavior, self-esteem, self-control, willpower, happiness, drug and pleasure dependencies, insecurities, bigotry, self-pity, envy, jealousy — they all depend on our thoughts, that is, mental loops, views, positions, implicit and explicit assumptions and so on. What I describe is known as cognitive model in [cognitive behavioral therapy](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cognitive_behavior_therapy) (CBT), the most evidence-based, no-nonsense, scientifically rigorous of all psychotherapies.

What is it to be a superhuman? In this context I simply mean being a rationalist, that is, doing everything maximally efficently and lacking any mental blocks, such as irrational fears, and self-defeating behavioral patterns. In short, you can become whoever you want, if you think properly.

Of course, the power of rational thinking is restricted to moods and behaviors only, and to an extent, however wide. Obviously, you can't become an Usain Bolt without proper genetics and can't materialize a million dollar briefcase with pure imagination.

Self-loathing sucks, because it is *never* useful, it is always counter-productive. But it is important to not loath yourself for loathing yourself, because it's just self-loathing squared. So don't bash yourself for not applying CBT, or for failing miserably for the thousandth time. Especially in the beginning of your self-therapy. If you fail, then it means you haven't understood some crucial notion, therefore you are supposed to fail. There's nothing wrong in you.

Perfectionism in the form “I will start my life anew starting tomorrow” is pure self-loathing in disguise. You want to purge the past you and become a different person altogether. It doesn't work, you must accept yourself, there is no other way. Acceptance may feel objectionable for self-critical perfectionists — “But I really am that bad, you want me to put up with my objective faults for the rest of my life?” But counter-intuitively acceptance deconstructs the implicit assumption that you have some “bad streak”, shitty personality, rotten core. Tere is no such thing, there is no demon inside, so you are not a shitty person, but you do shitty stuff, and from now on you will start changing that.

Many people fail with Allen Carr's method simply because they didn't internalize his ideas well. Some of them conclude that they “know all this” already after reading half a book, then after persevering for a week they cave in after some stress. Carr explains clearly that a cigarette is completely unable to alleviate stress, it simply remove withdrawal symptoms. So when you reach for the cigarette, what do you expect? Will the cigarette help you with the stress? Will it make you feel calm and relaxed, will it solve the problem at hand? Of course it won't, so it stands to reason that you haven't internalized the proper mindset. If you completely understand Carr's method, agree with all his propositions without exceptions, then it is *impossible* for you to smoke. You just essentially a non-smoker at any point in time. But if you still smoke, you simply missed some point, just re-read and try to soak the ideas. It's like with a math textbook, you think that you understand partial differential equations — “Yeah, it all makes sense, it's all trivial, I know that already” — but when you're asked to solve a problem, you stumble. Return to the textbook and study it diligently, until you crack them like nuts. See? At any point in time there is absolutely no reason to blame yourself, because it's not your *fault*.

You are effective when you have commitments. Commitments are not authoritarian decrees, not rules. You don't need rules, because if you understand CBT, you will never break them, because you won't want it in the first place. You will never relapse, if you understood Carr. Therefore, you don't need rules, you don't need rewards and punishments, they don't make sense, you simply don't do certain things. The commitments are everlasting conscious decisions. You will still fail often, but it will not be your fault, but the result of objective circumstances or bad planning.

I remember how I created a sophisticated scheme for rewards and punishments. It presumably had to highly motivate me and make responsible and consistent. It didn't. Carrot-and-stick philosophy makes sense in management, but it doesn't in self-help. The manager doesn't care about you, your motivations, your state of mind. They await certain results, if you can't keep up a watermark, you are regulated with punishments, so you stop procrastinating, distracting and sabotaging. You have to be motivated and pressured, because your work is external, alien. But when it comes to self-help, you are not alien to yourself, you have the highest interest in your own thrift, there is no justification for sabotage in the first place.

Rewards do make sense, but they cease to be a motivator and become just an organic part of your productive workflow. You isolate pleasure and relaxation from work, so instead of binging with TV, video games and Web surfing, you assign particular and time-restricted pleasures after the work is finished. Incidentally, such pleasures are much more satisfying. Therefore I don't believe in gamification, as I see it as a remedial workaround of a broken lifestyle. The system itself should be overhauled, not patched by hacks.

The biggest problem of correctly applying CBT is circumventing the psychological defense. People are extremely insecure and defensive, otherwise there wouldn't be [*How to Influence People*](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/How_to_Win_Friends_and_Influence_People), which is simply about *getting along* with people. The process of cognitive restructuring is very simple. Just think, you need to read a book from cover to cover and you are magically a non-smoker for the rest of your life. No complex rituals and painful perseverance. But sometimes you can't make a person understand Carr because they have so many preconceptions and instinctive contrarian reactions. They unconsciously (or even demonstratively!) resist reflecting upon his ideas, even Carr doesn't ask or command them anything, only to suspend preconceptions and think rationally. How to bring down psychological defenses?

Allen Carr is not a guru. His method is not unique. He just happened to stumble upon the truth. But his method is so trivial it could be invented by anyone, by some Joe Sixpack, or by a cognitive scientist or a psychotherapist, pity that it wasn't one of them who invented the method. Carr's biggest strength in his extreme meticulousness. He painstakingly deconstructs even the smallest irrational cognitions about smoking manually, without delegating the pain of self-reflection to the reader. That's why there are no written exercises and also no need for generic theoretical basis. It's an utterly applied book and also highly isolated, it deals exclusively with smoking, although the method is similar for treating all kinds of mood and behavior problems. Compare it with CBT self-help books like [*Feeling Good*](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Feeling_Good:_The_New_Mood_Therapy), which is generic. One can view Carr's method as a highly-specialized tool, created using a general framework of CBT.

The implied realization in CBT is that there is a difference between things that are instant (overcoming smoking or insecurities) and that are gradual (skills). People lump them together, but we should carefully draw the line between them.

You may have already become annoyed by this text, especially if you tried Carr's method and failed, or if you believe quitting smoking necessarily has to be hard and painful. I'm not here to fight with you. There is no wrong way to quit, if you succeed at last, but some ways are suboptimal, and I sincerely want to make your journey of quitting as easy, instant and painless, as it was for me. So if you feel motivated enough, please grab Allen Carr's book [*Easy Way to Stop Smoking*](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Easy_Way_to_Stop_Smoking). If you struggle with the book (Carr is notorious for bad writing and lame analogies), I tried to outline his core ideas in posts [Dedicated to those who still struggle](http://www.reddit.com/r/stopsmoking/comments/24oos8/dedicated_for_those_who_still_struggle/) and [Allen Carr, explained in 11 paragraphs](http://www.reddit.com/r/stopsmoking/comments/246g80/allen_carr_explained_in_11_paragraphs/). Let's meet in a few days, when you are happy for never smoking these shitty cancer sticks again ;).