My attempt at explaining the nicotine addiction, please criticize

Many people believe that it is extremely hard. I want to show that actually it is surprisingly easy and painless. This post is not written to force to quit. It simply provides evidence and lets you make the final choice yourself. It also doesn't try to scare or shame you into quitting — if admonitions and insults worked, nobody would be a smoker. Actually, if you are a smoker, i entreat you to smoke while reading. Light up that cigarette now.

To quit successfully you must understand the nature of smoking. Smoking is not a habit, but a drug addiction, and it consists of a physical and a psychological components. Nicotine is a highly addictive drug that immediately causes a physical dependency after the first puff. The withdrawal builds up in a matter of hours and at this point resembles a hunger-like sucking emptiness feeling inside the chest, but it is mild and easy to ignore. Another cigarette relieves the withdrawal, allowing mind to associate smoking with an alleviation of an unpleasant feeling. But the same cigarettes fuels the nicotine dependency, and soon another withdrawal appears, but this time the inner voice tells you that you need a cigarette. In addition to a physical discomfort you gain an emotional stress. Yet another cigarette rids of the former, and the latter is gone with it. Now mind notes to itself that a cigarette has even greater effect than before, so the emotional stress during the next withdrawal is going to be higher. That's how the psychological dependency emerges.

Now every once in a while you have a painful withdrawal that prevents you from having fun, concentrating, relaxing, calming down after stress or to pull yourself together, because it is already a stress on its own. Before you attempt at any of the above you first need to smoke. That's why many smokers honestly believe that smoking allows them to concentrate, relax or cope with stress. But as they constantly come under attack from society, they realize that at least some of the above may not be true. So to preserve self-respect they unconsciously start to come up with other rationalizations.

All the perceived benefits of smoking are false, cigarettes don't aid in anything, the only thing they can do is to remove the withdrawal. In other words, they return you back to the state, which is the normal state for any non-smoker. It's like walking all day in very tight shoes and allowing yourself to temporarily take them off for the feeling of relief.

Smokers usually treat cigarettes as something valuable, hence quitting is for them a sacrifice, an arduous task like clambering up on Everest. The psychological dependency made the mind produce all sorts of irrational fears toward quitting. Smokers sincerely believe that quitting entails suffering, deprivation and unmet desires. That food and friendly hangouts won't be joyful anymore. That they will never be able to relax, focus or overcome stress. That their personality or temper will irreversibly change. That they will never be completely free and will forever dream about an occasional cigarette.

But when you analyze rationally what cigarettes give you and realize that thirst for them is a construct of the mind and a result of various misconceptions, quitting suddenly become easy and desirable. When you cast aside all previous delusions about smoking, quitting is not a sacrifice anymore, but rather an escape from a prison. And it does not require willpower or self-discipline.

From now on, quitting is just a matter of smoking your last cigarette and never smoking again in your life.

EDIT: this is a summary of Allen Carr's Easyway, an attempt to explain it as intelligibly and succinctly as possible. Please review and criticize both writing and arguments.