Allen Carr, explained in 11 paragraphs

*Allen Carr's book helped me quit smoking as if it was a walk in the park, and I strongly believe it will help you. But many people struggle with the book for many righteous reasons. For example, Carr's writing is indeed horrible, and even though I personally didn't find him condescending, he could've benefit from reading some Dale Carnegie. So, this post is an attempt to convey the essential message behind Carr's book. It is not a substitute, but I sincerely hope it helps if you stuck with some notions in the book. Please feel free to criticize, as I wish this summary to be improved to the point when it is helpful to the maximum amount of people.*

The book is terribly written. The analogies are often lame. The repetitions are annoying.

But the method is trivial and it works.

The central point of *Easy Way* is that people can't quit because of the psychological dependency that cigarettes induce, not because of the physical one. And this point is true. The physical withdrawal is mild and ignorable. And even if it were painful, people could still endure it. Try not to smoke for several hours, until the craving becomes unbearable. Now just before you light up a cigarette, analyze your feelings. Obsessive thoughts like "go take a puff, you need a cigarette right now, you can't stand it anymore" will occupy your mind, but ignore them and concentrate on your bodily feelings. You'll sense a hunger-like feeling of emptiness inside your chest—this is your physical dependency. Could you bear it? Of course you could. But it's the cravings in your mind that make you go mad.

But why psychological dependency is so strong? Nicotine is highly addictive, and some time after a single puff it causes physical withdrawal symptoms—this mild hunger-like feeling described above. Every 2 hours nicotine absorbed by your body reduces its pharmacological activity in half. When you smoke for the first time in your life, you aren't addicted yet, but nicotine induces the physical withdrawal that lasts up to 5 days. Then some time before the withdrawal period is over you smoke another cigarette and thus replenish the amount of nicotine in your body. This eliminates the withdrawal, and your mind takes notice to itself: "Huh, I've just smoked and the unpleasant feeling is gone". Some time after the second cigarette you'll have your next withdrawal, but now your mind will start telling you: "Hey, remember you smoked before and the unpleasant feeling went away? Why don't you smoke again? Having a cigarette is a good idea right now." This thought contributes to an additional stress, beside the stress from an nagging physical feeling. If you smoke yet another cigarette at this time, the physical feeling will naturally disappear, and so will the additional stress. The mind will again take notice: "Aha, the feeling was worse this time, yet a cigarette cured it again! Cigarettes must *really* be great." So you enter a spiral of ever-increasing mentally induced stress.

To recapitulate: the more you smoke, the more you convince your mind that cigarettes help eliminating withdrawal, the heavier the stress becomes with every withdrawal. After a few months it reaches maximum and you are yet another addict.

Now what does this psychological dependency mean? It is an addictive voice inside your head that tells you that your life would be worse without a cigarette. When you try to quit without explaining to yourself that this just isn't true, the dependency induces anxiety, irrational fears, cravings—all the withdrawal symptoms usually ascribed to nicotine. But it's not nicotine, it's the mind telling you "no, you will feel horrible, if you quit!" and that thought alone is the dependency. Because of this, addictive voice is self-reinforcing. Every time you think to yourself that quitting is hard, it becomes hard because of this.

That's why the only way to quit is to change your attitude towards smoking in the first place. This attitude change requires you to come up with every possible justification for smoking and combat it with rational thinking. Carr facilitates this process by deconstructing most of the popular justifications that smokers believe in. Different smokers credit the cigarette with different positive effects. Some claim that they simply enjoy it, it gives them pleasure. Others say it helps concentrate, or cope with stress, or calm down, or relax, or entertain. After you conditioned your mind to think that cigarettes are indispensable, the withdrawal becomes unbearable. And you feel the withdrawal constantly. Every time you smoke, it appears after some period, you feel like nuts and you have to smoke again. If you do not, then the thought about a cigarette ousts any other thoughts. Now you are unable to concentrate, calm down, relax, or feel interested in anything, you only think about going out and taking a puff. You become agitated and the stress builds up. But the moment you take a puff, the withdrawal vanishes, and suddenly you are able to think about something else. You can concentrate, calm down, relax and entertain yourself. And you credit the cigarette with this effect.

That's where the shoes analogy comes in. You deliberately inflict pain to yourself (smoke to create dependency or wear tight shoes) to relieve it afterwards (smoke to relieve withdrawal or take the shoes off) and sigh "finally!" But the relief isn't a joy in itself, it's just a pain going away. You just return to a normal everyday state, in which non-smokers (or non-wearers of tight shoes) always are. If you feel concentrated, or relaxed, or calm after a cigarette, you would feel the exact same way, if you were a non-smoker. A cigarette can't calm you down, it just doesn't have such abilities, it simply removes the *additional* stress it itself induced, but you mistake this marginal emotional recovery for a real boost.

Because smokers believe that cigarettes are indispensable, they feel extremely anxious about quitting. They fear that the food and social gatherings will suck without a cigarette. They fear that without cigarettes they will be unable to socialize. They fear they character and temper will change, and they will always remain nervous, irritated, ever-suffering. They fear that they will always have to fight with triggers and will need to avoid smokers. Finally, they fear that they will always dream about a casual cigarette without ever being free of addiction. But when you understand the cognitive nature of addiction, you realize that all these fears are just unsubstantiated. There are no rational grounds for them. The moment you realize that you don't *need* cigarettes, that your body and mind function perfectly well without them, all the fears disappear.

These delusions, that cigarettes are in any way helpful, lead smokers to a conclusion that the quitting has to be a sacrifice. It's akin to climbing up mount Everest. They view cigarettes as their aid, their crutch, their friends that were always there in times of troubles. But the cigarettes are not friends, they're manipulative swindlers.

That's why quitting is so easy in reality. You just have to acquire the mindset of a non-smoker. What's the difference between a smoker and a non-smoker? The latter doesn't *want* to smoke. They just don't view cigarettes the same way smokers do. They don't use willpower to not smoke. Realize it's a matter of correct attitude, knowing the facts, not physical dependency. When you realize cigarettes give you nothing, their aid is non-existent, and you were brainwashed all along, suddenly quitting is not a sacrifice. It's an escape from a horrible prison. And you realize you don't need a cigarette anymore, you can smoke the last one, put in an ashtray and forget about smoking once and for all.