Have decided to quit, need an advice

Hi there,

I have been smoking ever since I moved to Canada. Being away from friends and family, from home, and all the pressure and anxiety of being in a new culture all led me into getting a puff and going for smoke breaks. It soon became a habit. I surrendered to all my problems by just simply going for a smoke, and taking a 5 minute break from all the problems I had in life. 
It started with a few a day, and soon it was a pack a day. I tried to quit over and over again, but then failed every single time. I am sure many here know how that is. Meanwhile, I have been making my way up in life. I've got a good career after only 3 years being in another country ( came here as a student), and have nice place, a dog, and a beautiful girlfriend. All of that to me sounds like success. And all of that success to me, seems to be in owe of my habit of smoking. All good friends I have made here were through smoking, all the decisions I made during these 3.5 years were after a smoke break where I had 5 minutes to think about them. It just all seems to have been impossible without smoking.
Now I have a career in computer programming, recommended and thanked by my managers several times in less than two years that I have been working here. As they put it, I have made some serious changes to their workflows and procedures here that significantly improved their efficiency. But guess what, I coded every piece of those projects, and put together every single of the logics I used in those projects either while I was smoking or right after a smoke break where I had time to think. 
I, personally, want to quit smoking. However, it seems the life I have made for myself, which I am content with, owes a lot to my smoking habit. 

Many of you are way more successful and experience in life than me, and I would be very grateful to know if you had the same feelings of owing your success to smoking. And If you continued to pursue more after you quit smoking, and what were the differences between the two lifestyles. 

This is one of the last pieces of I need in order to make a solid decision and start preparing myself. I don't want to lose a lot of things in my life, and I am just horrified that I might if I quit smoking. 


SHORT : Did you ever feel you owed you success in life to smoking? ( e.g. making new friends, making life decisions, performing at work.. ). How did you lifestyle changed after you quit? Did you continue to pursue at the same pace your were when you were smoking? 