One human being's experiences so far...

So, here I am.  I quit smoking for 2 months back in 2006.  The first hurdle I found was my fondness for the green.  After 2 months I was good --- I was really good.  Then a friend of mine came over and smoked me out with some green.  I found out that was not good at all for me.  I had to have some tobacco afterwards.

It wasn't until the summer of 2012 that I quit again.  This time I knew more about what to expect (which is a huge factor).  I was really good for the first 3 months, but then my depression (which I've suffered from since I was 4) came back.  The problem is that I was already doing everything I knew to do about the depression.  I started drinking heavily for about a month, which led me to smoking again, which led me to quit drinking.  It was like a circle.  That sucked.

So, determined like I am to quit, I smoked for about 4 months, until I was able to get some time off of work.  Then I immediately quit again.  This is the third time.  I went three weeks, and my depression hit hard again.  Six beers and some hydrocodone later, I found myself at the store for more beer and a pack of smokes.

Here's what I've learned from the experience so far:

The more times you quit, the more you learn about what to expect, which helps out a lot.  The first three days is the hardest.  After that it's pretty smooth sailing.  If you suffer from depression like me, you may find that it's really more difficult as your brain chemistry changes.  Those changes take time.

At this point, there's no way I will give up.  I'll die quitting if that's what it takes.  I'm so pissed off with this drug.

I don't need feedback, I don't need someone to talk to, I don't need help or a shoulder to lean on.  I will quit, and it will be me alone that completes this task.  But I do want others to know that if you suffer from depression, or another mental disorder, that you may find it even more difficult to quit.  It's not impossible though, as I will prove to myself.  I will continue my pursuit to end this addiction.  And I will succeed.  The best of luck to anyone out there working for the same goal.  You will make it, just keep to it.  Don't ever give up.