How i stopped Smoking

I started out just as alot of people normally do, young trying to be cool, that kind of "usual" stuff. So i was around 14-15 when i first tried smoking, but i started actually smoking on a reguluar basis when i got 17 years old and i kept smoking for 3-4 years until i got 21. Just thinking back makes me shiver because i feel so stupid for even starting and the fact that i smoked for so many years. Dont take me wrong, i TRIED to quit smoking ever since i turned 19 but i couldnt, it roughly took me 2 years. What i learned from those 2 years has made me smoke free for the rest of my life. People normally when they quit smoking just try to resist the urge that is there, they know they want it and they are just pushing it under the carpet, thats hard, hard as HELL. I did that for 2 years until i genuinly started to resent smoking, there came a time when i really hated smoking, i hated the smell of it and i hated everything that had to do with it. Since that day i never experienced aggitation from refraining, i never felt like i had to smoke and i was just reminded of how much i hated it. The habit of smoking lies completely in the psychological aspect, mine was replaced with something completely else. 

But there is this feeling, the feeling of having to constantly think about smoking when your trying to quit, im very familiar with it and ive experienced it plenty of times. Replace those feelings with feelings of guilt, i want you to feel the consequences of picking up that cigarette and  smoking before. Imagine the guilt, i had some periods where i was just feeling like shit and wanted to take a smoke but i had this constant reminder with me that got me threw a few moments.

I dont know how this post might help you but i wanted to share it as a different perspective from someone who successfully kicked the habit, hopefully for the rest of my life, which i feel very certain of actually, i still have that hate in me :). I dont always get mad at friends and stuff in my sorroundings whos smoking its more of a hatred directed towards my choices and disgust at the cigarettes themselves. But NOT being around smokers is a fat fucking plus in my book when your trying to quit, DO that if possible. Ive also heard some people blame it on genes and that other people are different, i agree to some extent but my father is going in & out of hospitals, hes been a smoker for 35+ years and my grandfather died of lungcancer and i have 4 brothers, 3 of whom smoke.. so. Fuck smoking and fucking quit that fucking disgusting tasting worse than sewer stenching life fucking wrecker. All i am left with is anxiety. Fuck it.

I might delete this post since im kinda drunk right now and i know its not that well written