I've made it 90+ days, but I don't feel like celebrating.

Hello /stopsmoking.  I smoked almost pack a day for 11 years.  I started with handrolling and then switched to pre-rolled but would rip the filters off.  So I hammered my lungs HARD. I also got into the habit of breathing very shallow so I wouldn't cough.

I quit 93 days ago after reading Easyway for the 2nd time.  Unfortunately, the Easyway never really "clicked" with me.  I still kina wanted one those first few days and weeks, and even now.  I don't REALLY want one, but I still think of it more than I probably should and I'm really embarrassed by that.  I've had a rough few days recently and been feeling pretty down and WOW my brain hates me.  My brain has been through it all:

You made it 90 days, you deserve one!
The damage is already done, have one!
Nobody cares about you, why do you need to stop?
The 1/5th of a second rush is totally worth it!
You can handle just one.
You're an adult!  You can do whatever you want!
You liked smoking!
It will make everything OK!
And my brains favorite - it'll be easier to relapse now than in 3/6/9/12 months or even years.
(plus many many more)

Since I quit I haven't really noticed any large improvements.  I never coughed anything up.  Breathing hasn't become easier, and I'm walking ~10 miles a week.  I can't smell or taste any better, or at least not that I can notice.  I still like the smell of 2nd hand smoke and find it inviting and that makes me embarrassed and ashamed.  Other that not lighting up, I don't feel like I'm making any progress.

I didn't think I wanted one but I can't stop thinking about it.  This kina brought me to the realization that weather or not I light up that smoking will be a part of me for the rest of my life.  Either smoking them or thinking about them.  I'm ashamed and embarrassed by that thought.  I can't live the rest of my life that way.

Then I think "well, what addiction is next?".  I was prettly badly addicted to WoW and quit about 3 years ago (ish?).  That was the first real addiction I conquered. Then I quit gambling and visiting strip clubs, and now I've quit tobacco.  I haven't quit weed yet, however.   I noticed when I smoked (weed only) the other day that I enjoyed smoking and I was still addicted to smoking itself.  I considered resetting my badge here, but I'll start another badge on /leaves.  But I like weed, right?  Or do I?  But then whats next?  Alcohol?  I don't THINK I have a problem with that, but giving it up would sure help the pocketbook and no hangovers.  Fapping?  Maybe I'll become a better person if I stop that.  Do I have to give up everything I like doing?  Is every pleasure an addiction?

Please accept my apologies for rambling somewhat off topic.  I've just been thinking of smoking so often recently I dunno what to do.  I don't think I want one but I guess I do.  I don't know if I need sunshine blown up my ass or advice or a wack over the head with a 2x4.  Thank you for your time.

Edit - Spelling, etc.