One week into quitting. A transformation in progress...

Hey guys I'm just an average Joe, 19 and from the land of Australia. I gave up smoking last Friday and today marks one week into my attempt. This thread, or text post whatever, is just me wanting to get out my frustrations to different people. If this text is irrelevant, the admin will take care of it I'm sure. This post is here because of my quit attempt and the way it's making me feel each moment, but I was listening to some fine metal tunes and went with my thoughts and here it goes...

I was smoking since I was about fifteen, but I had my first durry when I was 14 years old in my backyard. It was easy to keep hidden until I stupidly got myself caught by my folks, but they've been smoking since they were friggin' kids, so they understand the whole idea of teens having smoke breaks n' shit. 

I got older and started drinking a shit-load of booze almost every weekend and everywhere I went. (My first ever shift at work, I had four shots of bourbon for some reason.) Over a period of time, I became this loud-mouthed, clumsy, washed-up dickhead of someone I used to be. I was this teenager with no mind for anything or anyone, even though I always tried my best to put others first at all times just like I've always believed I should. But under alcohol's black wings, I would go to parties and began feeling different: I was either looking for trouble, or I could get provoked at one wrong word, or it would just be me thinking shit (one time I threw a chair at some guy cos he was hitting on a girl I could tell wasn't into him. I missed him thank fuck, and I profusely apologized afterwards, but he didn't bash me like he should have done. I was a little bigger than him though, but that's how shitty I could get and I hate myself looking back on it all). It riddles me with guilt that I could even want to harm someone else, but I've said things that are a lot worse than the things that I've done, and this guy I'm talking about doesn't mean anything to me, nor I him so it's done. 

But I wasn't always reckless when I was drunk, I used to have the best times of my life. I used to get on with anybody, granted the right kind of beer and bourbon, but as time went on danger seemed easier than ever to come across when I was intoxicated and I've been to hospital over a night of drinking (I didn't start this fight, but there's always worse troublemakers out there). It was a very emotional experience for me, but I'm kind of sensitive. Regardless, it was a very depressing time. But right now I want to say that I wouldn't recommend any under-age drinker to drink... well, nah having the occasional brew should be okay under the right circumstances. It can fuck life up if you drink way too much for way too long. The warnings are right, if you are harming yourself or others because of drinking, it's a good idea to stop for a bit and take a breather.

But anyway, drinking made me smoke like a frigging chimney! At 18 - I don't know if this is the standard nowadays - I could pound an entire pack of Winfield Blue 25's in one single night and still pick up more that same night, while the whole time giving away one or two. This happened a few times too many, but smoking is smoking and I enjoyed most of the commercialised brands: Winfield, Benson & Hedges, Horizons, fucking White-Ox and Champion Ruby. I don't know if these are common brands over where you might be based, but I was only smoking for three years by that point, so I might have an addictive personality or whatever. Who knows, I don't even fuckin' know. What's worse though, is that my smoking habit became so melted into my consciousness that it was almost like body language; if I reefed over to my right, I was either gonna drop my guts or reach for that hard-to-get pack of smokes in my jeans pocket, or pick up my dropped cigarette. Seriously, tobacco consumed me. When I got bored of smoking cigarettes, I'd actually scavenge butts from the family ashtray  and ash them and extract the tobacco into the bowl to then enjoy. I matured a little and went onto pouch tobacco or just regular smoke tobacco (as a way of cutting down, although that wasn't the intention), but my lifestyle accommodated this kind of thing and my friends could smoke as heavily as me, if not more so. I was surrounded by smoke! As many of you are probably are as well. 

*If you made it this far, DO NOT HAVE A CIGARETTE! Just wait five minutes and think again.*

I don't know what I owe this to, but over the course of time, from say late 2012, through 2013 until now and going onwards, I feel like everything has come together at these random yet correct times and it's lead up to everything that is happening now. I don't, in any way, mean to preach, but it feels almost like a spiritual journey towards an unknown (yet, hopefully very happy) future. I rarely drink now, but I was never addicted. I smoked weed excessively during school, quit for 6 months after graduation and got myself a job, then slowly crawled back onto the stuff and have been ever since with a new perspective. I did acid twice, which could actually have marked the pivotal moment in my life, seriously it's quite a powerful drug. DO NOT GO HARD ON THAT SHIT EITHER THOUGH! and now here I am quitting smoking. I feel healthy as hell, and writing this now I'm just like "what the fuck is going on with me", but I feel happier to just write about my life a little bit to unknown people. I've been suppressing this urge for a long time. I mean yeah, I have my friends, but they've got stuff going on of their own and I only hang out with like, one or two of them per week. The other ones have left me because of my drinking-fuelled past, but that's a whole other life and something I'm still working on sorting out. 

I have faith in Jesus or God, but I do not believe in the whole thing. I have nothing against religion at all, but I choose not to take part in it and instead just pray when I feel lost or when I need to chill the fuck out a bit. Probably atheist, but I respect others beliefs and all that. It's all good with me :) this is just my way of respecting the man above or the devil below. Can't have a Heaven without a Hell, right?

So anyway, 12PM today will mark the one-week anniversary and I'm trying my hardest to keep busy and keep the face. Writing this massive post really took up some enjoyable time right there! August Burns Red, too. Get into some of that and write about shit, that'll get you off smoking in no time!

Writing this was a good idea, but partly due to my caffeine-induced insomnia, I am here and writing this stuff in the first place. Okay, shit I'll get to the point now. Sorry. 

So I'm at approaching the end of Day 6, and I've only just recently began to experience any cravings over the last day, but they are not that bad. I just answer my mind's door and the cravings say "Hey man, what's up?" I'm like, "I'm busy, sorry bro" and they keep wanting to hang out. I know I can handle their persistence. All I gotta do is say "NO!" to my brain and go for a walk or something, or play guitar (something I MUCH prefer doing over walking ha ha) and wait it out for a few minutes until the craving is gone. Done. Healthier by the minute.

Quitting cigarettes is scary because if I'm thinking about cigarettes, it's always about when I'm next going to have one. If there will ever be a time in my life when I can smoke again, and quitting seems like a sure-fire "NO YOU CAN'T SMOKE EVER AGAIN". But I can't worry too much about that right now because - shit, I still got a long way to go yet before I'm six feet under and I'll quit one day at a time, thank you very much!

For those who read this and are quitting under their own terms, or are doing for someone they love/hate or are being strongly convinced to, etc, you are making the best decision of your life and support is always going to be a click or a yell away. No matter how confused you feel each day in your quit, never have a cigarette to get your feels back because you're going to prolong it and it's just not worth it period. 

This is a quit smoking forum, so there is no going back to smoking once you've made that commitment to share something. Just my opinion. You have to make barriers for yourself, no matter the judgement you may receive from anyone just quit and whatever happens along the way is for the best. Just trust that everything happens the way it was supposed to and all will be fine. 

I believe in everyone who reads this that they have the courage and the strength to quit, no matter who you are, no matter what your circumstance is or what smoking means to you. If you're here, you're quitting and you're in the right place for support and venting, or whatever. Enjoy your time here :) 

A quote I thought up that could make sense:

"If your shins have been proven to be stronger than concrete, your brain is stronger than a chemical called nicotine."

Peace, love and respect to you anonymous people from the world,

STAY STRONG!


ChoseToStayCoal. 




