I'm officially an non smoker. I know that I will never smoke again, no matter how bad things get. A letter to myself.

What follows is a letter I just wrote to myself, as a smoker, to every possible whine and gripe that might come to mind. But hopefully, I will never even need it. I'm glad to be a nonsmoker and prepared for whatever life brings. I failed a month ago after 2 years of success. That's because I didn't purge the brainwashing from my mind. I'm now confident that it's gone. Just in case this letter helps anyone else, since it addresses my common concerns, I'll leave it here.

(Me as the "Questioner" is the person who wants to smoke. Me as the "Answerer" is the one who knows better. These thoughts were taken from Allen Carr and also from many of you. Thanks so much for the support!)



Q: Cigarettes make you feel good. They help you deal with stress. 

A: I’ve had days that are just as stressful when smoking than when not smoking. I’ve sunken to the same lows. 

Q: But the lows are less frequent, and it’s helped you cut down on your drinking.

A: Alcohol abuse is also bad. I need to replace a bad habit with a good one, like meditation and walking, not with an even worse one! Ultimately, science has shown that cigarettes make you more frequent and anxious in general. True psychological progress needs to be made by therapy, exercise, and meditation. 

Q: But when life gets hard, it’s nice to have something to take the edge off. 

A: As Allen Carr writes, before you start smoking, you never need cigarettes. It’s nothing more than an addiction. You only feel like it helps with stress because during the stressful times, relieving withdrawal pangs can seem like an illusory boost. 

Q: I admit that about 70 percent of smokes don’t do much for you. But 30% feel great.

A: That’s just because you’ve waited longer for the withdraw to build up.

Q: It’s not just withdraw relief. It’s genuine pleasure. It gives you dopamine. 

A: That’s true about the dopamine, but now it’s just that your dopamine is dependent on the nicotine. When you drink liquor, that gives you dopamine. And when you drink more, up to a certain point, you get more and more. The second cigarette in a row is always unsatisfying. Why? Because it doesn’t give you extra positive pleasure. You have no craving yet to relieve. You must first crave it and then relieve it, aside from perhaps that first ever cigarette or pack, or that first cigarette in years. But ask yourself: are they worth the other thousands you smoke? Of course not!

A: You’re having a cigarette now. And it’s been 40 minutes since you had one. Doesn’t it give you pleasure?

A: Almost nothing. At best, it’s scratching a faint itch in my lungs. But would that itch be there if I wasn’t a nicotine addict? Of course not. It causes the very pain it relives. Even when I have one first thing in the morning, it mostly makes me dizzy. It does relieve some withdraw and give me an illusion of pleasure, but guess what? I feel happy every morning everyday when I was a non smoker. Now the cigarette has simply taken my happiness hostage. My throat feels dry and gunky. The smoke is frustratingly unpleasurable. 

Q: If things get really bad, like if my mom dies, can I just have a pack? If it’s easy to quit now, won’t it be easy to quit again?

A: If I have a pack then, then it means I never really did quit. The only way to quit is to know you’ll never smoke again, and to move on. 

Q: I’m crazy with anxiety. I don’t care about all your reasoning. I need a smoke. You have them! You don’t know what it feels like.

A: And you don’t know what it feels like to be a smoker. It’s not better. I still get anxious. I still get depressed. I still have bad days. My overall mood has not improved. You’re moping. Think about something else. Once you stop yearning, you’ll feel better and realize you don’t need them. Focus on something else. Don’t torture yourself. 

Q: How do you know they give me no pleasure? How can you be 100% certain. 

A: I can be 100% certain that most of the ones I smoke do pretty much nothing for me. As for the first one in the morning, or one at a social function, I can say that non-smokers are perfectly happy without cigarettes. They only reason you think they give you pleasure is because you think you’ll be miserable without them. That’s the way an addict thinks. People who never smoked never feel a need for them. The cigarette creates the need. 

Q: They help me at social events. 

A: I know I have social anxiety. But all I’m doing at social events is feeding an addiction and relieving that addiction’s cravings. I know you have social anxiety, and that cigarettes seem to help, but it gives you no true pleasure, especially because you chain smoke at these events. It’s keeping you from truly overcoming your problem.

Q: Maybe I can never overcome it. 

A: That’s a separate issue. What I do know is that cigarettes you chain smoke at these events don’t even give you a good feeling. So why go on smoking them? Because of your fear. There’s no genuine pleasure; only fear. There will always be stressful times in life. Smoking doesn’t make life any less stressful. They don’t even take away your stress at these occasions. At best, they relieve a craving that they themselves cause and give you the illusion of a boost. 

Q: I can quit later. Just one more day/week/month. I haven’t picked the right time. I need to get it out of my system, and then I can truly quit. 

A: You’ve never going to wake up one day not wanting to smoke as long as you’re smoking. Like all addictions, the problem will just get worse and worse. This is the lie you’ve told yourself for years. It’s what’s kept you smoking. If you can’t do it now, you won’t be able to do it later, because you’ve just made it harder. You’ve made it two years, and the brainwashing and yearning has finally let this lie take over. Very well. Now you know. Has it helped? No. Am I happy now? No. Do they do anything for me? Only if you think relieving the very craving they cause is a help. The only reason you started after two years is because that addiction still existed in your mind. The physical craving was gone. Until you get it through your head that there’s no “getting it out of your system,” no more “one more month”, no more “if something terrible happens,” you’ll be able to move on and forget about them. If you can’t do it now, you’ll not be able to do it then. Now is a perfect time to quit. 

Q: But I’m still unhappy. I’m still miserable! Quitting hasn’t helped me at all!

A: Are you kidding? Do you think I’m happy? I’m not more active. I’m less active. I’m no less anxious. I’m no happier. You’re stressed because life is tough. It is with or without smokes. And you’re better off than I am now. Your risk of cancer is going down and down every day. Save your life! Cherish life! Extend this small, precious existence as long as you can. You can do this. 
 