I quit smoking 368 days ago. And so I built a course to teach others.

Hey guys,

I smoked a pack a day for 21 years but I am proud to say I quit just over a year ago. My official quit day was January 17, 2013.

I’m sure my story is like many of yours.

I started smoking at age 14. I was at a high school debate conference and some of the "cool kids" were smoking during one of the breaks outside the hotel. They were from another school and I didn’t know them. They offered me a cigarette, and I thought, what could it hurt? So I tried it, well, just to be cool. 

That first cigarette packed a nice punch. But little did I know it would grow into a terrifying habit.

Soon enough,  I would smoke cigarettes between classes. Whenever I was stressed. When I drank some beers with the boys. I had every excuse in the world to smoke a cigarette about once every hour.

And then it got out of control. I was addicted.

Over the years, I tried to quit a bunch of times. The patch, Chantix, cold turkey. You name it. I tried it. 

I even got close a few times. Made it a whole month once without a cigarette. 

But then my girlfriend and I broke up, I got drunk, and the next day I woke up with a sore throat and a pack of cigarettes in my pocket. At that time I was 23 year old.

Fast forward another 11 years and I still found myself smoking. But now I was getting worried about my health. 

And frankly, I was sick of the stigma of being a smoker.

That’s when I read the book The Power of Habit by Charles Duhigg. 

It changed the way I looked at habits and my smoking. 

And after reading about one of the book's case studies, Lisa, and her amazing life transformation after quitting smoking, I became determined to do the same. (You should REALLY read the book.)

And it wasn’t easy. But I finally did it. And now my whole life has changed too. 

Drastically! And so I developed a course to help others do the same.

I just put up a landing page for the course I’ve developed. [blog landing page] (www.habithero.com) 

You’ll see I’m no slick marketer. I’m a pretty genuine guy. And there you can read more about both Lisa and my transformations. And if you're interested, sign-up today.

Please note, it's FREE. But I do hope you will make a donation if I can help you quit :)

So, if you’re interested, I hope you’ll check it out. 

If you're not, that's cool. There's no need to hate. I just thought some folks here might enjoy it. 

I wish everyone luck with their quit. And just remember. 

The only right way to quit is the way that works for you. :) 



