T-minus 2 hours until my husband and I officially quit together.

He works nights so we've been texting, it's around 10pm right now. We're both almost out of our packs and we've been mulling it over for the past few days but the time is now. 

He has been smoking on and off since he was 16, now 28. I have been consecutively smoking for now 9 years. We have an almost 2 year old daughter and she's our reason, and we're our reason. 

Our daughter recently picked up this gesture. When we go outside to smoke and she is outside with us she sees us and pretends she's smoking too. Holds an imaginary cigarette to her lips and puffs imaginary smoke. It broke our hearts seeing that. 

We've both been heavily coughing lately with lots of phlegm. All the time, it's scary, but appears to just be smokers cough. We want to be alive and spend time with each other, we don't want this addiction to take us away from our family. 

I'm not going to lie, I am so unbelievably scared. The only time I actually quit was my second and third trimester (the smoke made me unbelievably sick, so it was so helpful) but the second we got back home from the hospital it was like that was it. I needed the cigarette and started again. Prior to pregnancy I remember attempting and I mean...two whole days of just crying and wondering "What do I even have going for me, why am I so down, will I ever be happy again? Am I only happy with cigarettes?" It was a huge defining moment that stuck with me after I gave in and went back, but every time we tried quitting (my husband and I) it's been without the other for one reason or another. My husband is a champ, he smokes for a year then quits for a year, and it's always been like that for him, but the champ part is what happens when he quits. He...gets...so energetic. Like all this pent up energy in him bursts forth always and he takes off like a rocket doing anything and everything and let's gogogo. He also never seems aggitated, just really hyper. I wish I could have that. Maybe I will if I can get past the depression part. 

But we're finally doing it together so here's to so much hope and willpower and holy fuck I just don't want to be chained down to a pack of cigarettes anymore. So I ask for anything, anything you want to say or vent. I just want to sit here and read something and feel connected with people who are where we are or was where we were.

I just don't want to feel alone. 

Edit: noticed I have flare, I guess I came here before. I don't know how to change it on mobile. 