The quitting of smoking how now prompted the emotional response from me. I'm in my kitchen, bawling, because I'm confused and I want a cigarette.

Yesterday wasn't so bad for some reason. I had the urges, but they were met easily with distraction. Today.. my mother-in-law came over and lit up in my kitchen, which would have been our normal smoking place. The thing is, she fucking knows I'm on day 2 of not smoking. She knows I struggled my ass off yesterday. It's like she's fucking jealous that I'm taking these steps to do this and wants to try and bring me down. She kept trying to push me to take cigarettes yesterday, leaving them in plain sight or telling me she was going to leave some here for the evening for me because she knows I'll need them eventually.

And now I'm in my kitchen. The smell of smoke has faded, but my desire to smoke has not. And I have a long, 4 hour road trip to Maryland to take on Saturday, and I'm nervous about being in the car and not smoking. (I'm a natural wreck in cars as it is, my fiance will be driving, but I'm so paranoid on the road... it's my usual prompt for chain-smoking.)

And when I arrive to Maryland, I'll be around my brother and his wife, who both smoke. And I'll be there for a week. I would cancel my trip, but I've been promising my daughter she'd see her cousins, and I'm also picking up a kitten as a new addition to our family when we're there. 

I'm crying right now, not because I can't have a cigarette. But because I don't think this quitting will last beyond Saturday. And then that turns into my wondering whether or not it's worth it to put myself through this until then. Then I think about how large of an accomplishment this has been for me, and the fact that I'm doing it for myself and then I become confused and angry.

Part of me wants to wait until after my vacation and start the quitting-attempt again. But I don't want to live with the guilt I'll carry until then, every time I light up. Not to mention, I can feel what a cigarette does to my body after not having one for more than 24 hours. Not to mention, I don't want to do the first 72 hours all over again.

What do I do?