Plenty going against me, Plenty going for me.

  This summer has been very difficult. My wife and I are both teachers and my wife did not get the job in the same building where I teach AND where 3 of our 4 kids attended.  PLUS she was a long term sub for 12 weeks last year and every sign we got was that she would get the job as a no brainer employment prospect.  I feel as though if they weren't going to hire her she should have tried subbing somewhere else but it would be illegal for them to say that to her.

  Instead...they hire a first year teacher instead of one with plenty of praises, talent, and experience. Did I mention 3 of our kids are in district?  The federal funding would have offset the pay difference between my wife and the first year kid out of college.

     I've turned into quite the alcoholic and smoker this summer. Non Stop for the last month at least 10+ beers a day and 3/4 pack.  Another thing that makes it difficult is the fact I DJ nearly every weekend....Mobile DJ, Weddings, Clubs, Sporting events you name it and part of the HABIT of driving especially late at night is that damn cigarette.  Not to mention my employees smoke.

     I'm going back to work tomorrow and am praying for a good attitude as I sober up and quit smoking.  I do this every year and for some stupid reason I still smoke on weekends.  I've quite for over a year before. My preferred method is cold turkey.

Today is day 1.

   My wife did eventually get  a teaching job in our old school district and since have pulled all the kids from the district I teach in over to her district.  We are grateful for employment but I really wanted our family together.

I'm beating smoking, drinking, and resentment as I return to work.

It just feels good to type this and get it out there.

I do love the kids I teach even if I have reservations about my employers. I think they obviously have reservations about me or having both spouses in the same building. I'll never know the answer and I don't think I want to.  

Beer, smokes, but more importantly irrational paranoia will kill your mind.  Stay strong and rise above the fray.  I'm in the middle of the battle of my mind and senses as I go through withdrawls.  My teeth are buzzing and my head is spinning.  3 more days and I'll be in the clear.  I will succeed...I've done this before.

I do this weird dance every year...but this summer has been especially tough.  I've never drank this much before.

Definition of insanity:  "Doing the same thing over and over again and expecting different results."
