163 days and counting. Brief Feel update

Disclaimer: This is gonna be a wall of text. 

Last year my life was a fucking mess. A job (project specifically) which was not sound to work on. A dysfunctional family, roommates that were basically jerks in a passive aggressive way. Upon that I was smoking half a pack a day. 
I was fucking depressed. Had gained this amazing superpower to just cry at the drop of a hat. Just poured rivers on my bed loitering in my own ocean of sadness, discontent and misery that the world was for me then.

I was almost on the verge of quitting my job. Upon that I was in love with a friend of mine, who rejected my advances couple of times. All in all it was total fucking hell.

This was year 2016.

2017 I decided that it would be a game changer for me ( username checks out :) ) . It had to be , as there was no option left. I envisioned myself looking back at this year 10 years or so later, being proud of the things and changes I did this year.

And now almost at the end of half of the year, I can say that I am proud, not really through all the things I did want to do. But the going has been good. 

I fought with my company HR team and got the project changed 2 months back. Took 4 months ( from Jan to April ).
I changed my place of stay. Now I live with one of my school friend and it is fucking amazing.
I learnt to play the guitar (not pro , like basic, lots of fun )

I quit smoking from Jan 1 2017. 

Thanks to 
LORD ALLEN CARR! 

The first 10 15 days were easy. Coz maybe my resolve was strong.

Then I started getting dizzy , getting triggered seeing others smoke and evening tea time and stuff.

I immediately thought I will relapse so I bought a fitness band to remind myself of the uplifting bandwagon of 2017 I was on.

I somehow passed that phase. Every time I would get trigger , it would around 3-4 min. I would suppress it, think of all the reasons I was doing this. Around 2 months I got into a lot of stomach ache, gastro related problems. suffered was 2 3 weeks. BUT NEVER SMOKED..

4 and half months in , Once when I had a severe headache, I almost bought one and lit it up, then immediately threw it away at the first puff.

Now five months over and counting, recently I started observing myself that I am now repulsed by the very smell of it. It is genuine and not a hate measure so that I don't smoke. I so much wonder now why I used to do it. 

I know I will be vigilant, since the slip up can happen any time. It is a life long battle, but the battle becomes easy as the longer you stay off it.

This has been my ride this year so far. I was actually skinny my whole life. Weighed around 56 kg ( Height 5ft 7in )  last year. I am now 65 kg . A whopping 9 kg increase in weight. :)

Things are so much better, the confidence level is way higher.
That being said , I have still some things to sort out yet. 
Have to kick out my porn addiction.
Have to stop boozing which I am doing very often these days.
Start Meditating and Exercise.

Hope this was insightful and helpful for you guys.
Will update again at the this end of the year. 

Stay strong, stop smoking . Be an inspiration to those who smoke around you as the guy who quit smoking. :)

NY Resolutions do work if you let them :)