I reminisce way too much

While 3 days may not seem long, it's really something for me as I have never intentionally wanted to stop smoking since I've started at 17. "Just because I don't want to and don't smoke as much." Right...

I smoked for the past 10 years but for example for the first few years I would only smoke one cigarillo (mini cigars with the filter, much stronger, not for inhaling) a day in the evening (my treat that went great with Dr. Pepper) - no cigarettes.

For the next 2 years I enhanced my habit by falling for a girl with whom (for a number of reasons) we've enjoyed cigarettes. Having enjoyed 1-cigarillo-day I started smoking both cigarettes and cigarillo. What was worse that when the relationship went toxic I could sit at home all weekend and smoke a lot.
I got out of this relationship and started smoking weed (at 24, never was a regular smoker). That was 3 years ago. The problem was from smoking from a bowl I moved on to rolling joints with tobacco. Recently I figured I wouldn't be smoking weed everyday if it wasn't for being used to holding that damn cancer stick between my fingers thinking how cool it looks when it burns.

As I'm writing this I see through my own BS in my head. I'm extremely happy I took my first break (just starting to notice I feel great, sleep better, so many smells!!) however what worries me is that I got so many memories linked with smoking - how I would admire my favorite rockstars and smoke along watching concerts, the socializing part of so many parties with that "smoking area" or simply after having sex..

I went to this website http://stopsmokingtodayforever.com/triggers-what-they-are-and-what-to-do-about-them/ and it says you need to dive deep into what your triggers are. And when I started it reminded me of that high school time, which was a really good time for me in general, and how I would sit, listen to my favorite music and have this one cigarillo. It made me really, really sad. That thought of - "you can never smoke again". I would love to know if these memories will ever fade and won't make me relapse at some point in a week or maybe in 5 years?

I see now it's probably my sentimental side which must've played a strong part into falling for this addiction.

I also haven't smoked weed since I stopped with the tobacco but I'm looking forward to vape it at some point when I stop fucking reminscing over having an ashtray in my mouth.

Stay strong people!!!

TL;DR Sorry guys I'm all over the place with this post but on my 3rd day not feeling much of the physical withdrawals my dopamine/serotoinin must be out of the window. Couldn't find a better place to vent out :)
