Hey, /r/smoking, I wrote a paper for clinicians on current clinical practice guidelines for smoking cessation that I never did anything with. Thought some of you might be interested in reading the current states of smoking and recommendations (part 1 of 2).

Disclaimer: Any smoking cessation program should first and foremost be discussed with a primary care provider. The contents of this paper are meant to be informative, not instructive.

2014 marked the 50th anniversary of the first surgeon general’s report, the hallmark paper which that initially detailed the negative health effects of cigarette smoking. Although smoking rates have declined dramatically since that time (from nearly 50% to around 18%) cigarette smoking continues to bear a significant public health burden. 

#PREVALENCE – Who Smokes?

Smoking rates are overwhelmingly stratified, and are much higher in certain populations, including those on Medicaid, and those with lower income and less education. Smoking prevalence among Medicaid recipients is around 30 percent depending (nearly twice that of adults under 65 with private insurance) and this has changed little over the past ten years. Smoking rates for individuals earning less than $35,000 annually are a full-third higher than higher earners.  The relationship between income and smoking may be a red herring for educational attainment. High school drop-outs are three times more likely to be smokers than those with a college degree (24.2% vs. 9.1%). Racial and ethnic variables may also play a role. Smoking rates are higher among American Indians/Alaska Natives (26.1%), than Caucasian (19.4%), African-American (18.3%), and Hispanic groups (12.1%). Smoking rates are also notably higher in individuals with substance use and psychiatric diagnoses. 

#Health and Medical Consequences

In the U.S., cigarette smoking is responsible for 1 in 5 of all deaths, or 443,000 deaths each year. Tobacco use is to blame for more deaths than human immunodeficiency virus (HIV), illegal drug use, alcohol use, motor vehicle injuries, suicides, and murders combined. In male smokers aged 35-70 years, the death rate may be up to three times greater than in non-smokers. Every smoker loses an average of 14 years of life and combined across all smokers, cigarette smoking results in 5.1 million years of potential life lost (YPLL) in the U.S. annually. Beyond mortality, cigarette smoking is linked to a large range of medical disorders, and these are the disorders that are commonly treated in primary care practices, specialty clinics, community health clinics, and emergency rooms. 

The 2010 Surgeon General Report highlighted the medical risks of any cigarette smoke, including second hand (or passive) smoke exposure. The findings indicate that the damage from cigarette smoke, with its 7000 chemicals and toxins, is immediate and affects a plethora of organs and health systems [see figure 1](http://i.imgur.com/fKxSHgJ.jpg). This report underscores the reality that there is no safe cigarette, and no safe level of cigarette smoking. Furthermore even indirect exposure to cigarettes may cause health damage. 

Among current U.S. adult smokers, 70 percent report that they want to quit completely, and millions have made cessation attempts. However, despite motivation, successful quitting is difficult to accomplish. Most smokers will make six to nine attempts before achieving long-term cigarette abstinence.  Perhaps even more concerning is the fact that only three to five percent of smokers who stop without benefit of treatment will remain abstinent for more than six months, this despite the immediate and wide-ranging benefits of cessation. 

Given the well-known risks of smoking and the benefits of quitting it is easily inferable that it holds powerful physiological and associated psychological characteristics. In short, long-term abstinence of cigarettes is difficult due to the addictive properties of nicotine dependence. Nicotine is a highly addictive stimulant-like drug, which is rapidly delivered to brain centers associated with reward. The absorption of nicotine quickly produces a range of physical events such as increased heart rate, metabolism, blood pressure, and release of endorphins and adrenalin. These physical events are experienced positively as pleasure, arousal, enhanced concentration and task performance, reduced hunger, and improved mood. Although the acute effects of nicotine are experienced rapidly, nicotine is a short acting drug, losing half of its effect in approximately two hours. Smokers become physically dependent upon nicotine after several months of semi-regular exposure, and then develop a tolerance to nicotine, needing more and more nicotine to maintain the same effect. Furthermore, when acute nicotine effects wear away after several hours, smokers may experience uncomfortable withdrawal symptoms including agitation, restlessness, increased hunger (which may lead to weight gain), difficulty in concentrating, decreased task performance, and negative mood. Cigarette smoking rapidly relieves these withdrawal symptoms. Smokers then smoke to offset these negative withdrawal symptoms as well as to obtain the positive effects of acute nicotine use, and this cycle gets repeated many times throughout the day. Regular smoking at key daily events (e.g. upon awakening, with coffee, alcohol, while driving) associates these events with cigarette smoking and over time cue an individual to smoke. 

#Benefits of and Successful Treatments for Smoking Cessation

In the U.S., 21 percent of adults have successfully quit smoking, with males more likely to be former smokers compared to females (24.8 percent vs. 17.3 percent). The benefits of smoking cessation are evident quickly after the smoker has their last cigarette. Within 20 minutes, heart-rate and blood-pressure return to normal; within 12 hours, carbon monoxide levels in the blood return to normal; within one year of quitting, risk of heart disease is half that of a smoker; within five to fifteen years, stroke risk is reduced to that of a non-smoker; within ten years, risk of developing lung cancer is half that of a person who continues smoking; and within fifteen years, risk of developing coronary heart disease is equivalent to that of a non-smoker. An individual who quits by age 30 eliminates almost all excess risk associated with smoking, and those who quit by age 50 cut in half their risk of dying in the next 15 years. Pregnant women who stop smoking by 16 weeks gestation are nearly as likely to have a normal birth weight baby as women who do not smoke. These health benefits are in addition to the many personal benefits such as improved finances, improved taste and smell, increased social acceptance, and greater stamina and endurance. 

While the benefits of smoking cessation are greatest in younger age groups, cessation at any age has a positive impact. Research suggests quitting at age 40 will increase life expectancy by nine years, quitting at age 50 increases life expectancy by six years, and quitting at age 60 increases life expectancy by three years. However, benefits from quitting extend beyond life expectancy. Individuals enjoy greater function, health, finances, time, and sense of well-being and personal accomplishment. Given the restrictions on smoking in our state, many ex-smokers share that they enjoy more free time and not needing to move outdoors to smoke.  Often, when encouraging smokers not to smoke, it is these proximal and functional benefits of smoking that are potent motivators. They also highlight the benefits to the health and well-being of their family in reducing second hand smoke exposure and risks.   

	The Clinical Practice Guidelines describing the best treatment for reducing tobacco use and dependence were originally developed and published in 1996 by the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services (USDHHS). The most recent edition, published in 2008, is based upon treatment recommendations from over 8,700 research articles published between 1975 and 2007. These recommendations, addressing both clinical and systems-based interventions, were developed using the best available evidence (also known as evidence-based), and offer guidance to clinicians, as well as administrators of healthcare delivery and insurers. These guidelines view tobacco dependence as a chronic and recurring disease often requiring repeated interventions and multiple quit attempts. 

The recommendations in Clinical Practice Guidelines suggest that smoking status should be assessed at every clinical visit, and all smokers should be advised to quit smoking and offered evidenced-based medication and behavioral counseling. In general, while more intensive and frequent interventions result in greater smoking quit rates, even a 2-minute counseling intervention doubles quit-rates compared to no counseling. Counseling and medication are both effective for treating tobacco dependence, but the combination of both counseling and medication is more effective than either alone. Therefore it is recommended that all individuals, except where contraindicated, be encouraged to use both smoking cessation medications and behavioral counseling in a quit attempt. 

Smoking cessation interventions appear to be most powerful when delivered by physicians and more than double the likelihood of the patient initiating smoking abstinence. However, effective tobacco treatments can be administered by a variety of clinicians, including non-physicians (e.g. nurses, dentists, psychologists, etc.) in a variety of formats. While interventions delivered by smoking cessation specialty programs are effective, treatment guidelines recommend that smoking cessation interventions should be offered in any and all health care clinics in which patients receive treatment. Assessment and intervention should also be delivered in settings where children are routinely seen as they may be exposed to secondhand smoking or initiating smoking of their own. These settings may run the developmental span from obstetric and neonatal to pediatric clinics. 