I've got this. It just... sucks right now. So I'm gonna bitch about it.

I quit back in August of last year.  I was good for a few months.   And they slowly crept back into my life.  I made a conscious decision to allow them to stay.  This was due in part to my deciding to leave Ohio.  And I knew that putting my whole life in my jeep and driving cross country to Denver, Colorado would most certainly involve smoking a couple of packs of cigarettes.  

So I let them stick around.  And 2 days after I got to Colorado I quit again.  And it sucked.  But I did it.  Moving helps.  It made it easier I think.  I think I had a lot of adrenaline I was running on still.

But then 3 weeks later something happened.  Something with reciprocal licensing that I didn't know.  And I started freaking out.  And I bought a pack.   And I have been smoking again for the last two weeks.  And I'm most certainly addicted again.   But life got better.  I landed a dope jope down in the springs and I've got my own place and it looks like it's all going to work out just fine.

Finished my first week of work and I have a 3 day weekend.  It's definitely time to stop again.  And get my ass back in the gym monday morning.

My birthday is on Tuesday.  I think that's the best birthday present to give myself.  To be on day 4 of no smoking and the second day in a row at the gym.

Well... that and the refurbished Ipod I bought for myself.

So... I've got this.  I've got a new job, new home.  The cigarettes need to go too.  It's silly to keep picking them back up and having to quit again.  Quitting sucks.  I know it.  You know it.  The whole world knows it.

I know how to quit.  The trick is not letting them sneak back into my life here in the coming months.  I've probably quit 10 times in the past 3 years.  And all of my quits have lasted between 2 weeks and 3.5 months.  Something switches in my brain.  I don't want it as much anymore.  Something will happen.  And I go right back down the rabbit hole.

I've got an app.  I've read the carr.  I even have text updates from 1800quitnow this time. 

I put their number in my phone.  I think if I ever think of smoking again I should probably call them.

My dad quit in october.  My little brother quit in September too.
A couple of my best friends back home have quit in the last six months too.  I started the trend.  But I jumped ship and they are all still on it.  And fuck.  I'm sick of swimming.  I'm trying to get back on that boat.

Those guys are kicking my ass.  And fuck that.  They aren't better than me.  I better jump on board before it gets out of hand.

Started smoking at 14.  Turning 26 on Tuesday.  I would love to never have a cigarette at 26 or any other year that comes after that.

N.O.P.E.  

Come on Tyler.  You want it this time... right?  No more smoking.  You can do it.  You're a big boy.  And it's fucking moronic to smoke cigarettes.

So... I don't know if this open letter did anything for you.  It was more for me I guess.  But I like sharing.  I like this support group.  What's good r/stopsmoking?

Got any tips?  Care to share your story with me?  Someone wanna fight?  Call me a pussy or something.  Let's go. I'm usually a pretty cool and mellow fella but I'm feeling super aggressive on day one of no smoking.  So... fuck it.  Let's throw down.


EDIT:  OH... and I almost forgot to say my quitting strategy.  Cold Turkey motherfucker!  That's THE way to quit smoking.  Just get done with that shit.  be a man.  Or a woman.  In which case you can use NRT to help you if you want.  Or you can wear your ovaries on the outside.  In which case, you sound bad ass and you and I should grab a drink.  And hang out.  And... well... you know.  Just don't think we're going to date though.  I won't ever date a girl who smokes.  It's trashy.  And I'm aware that I'm a hypocrite.  But guess what?  I really don't give a shit.