The hard way to quit smoking

I'm not very good with words so please bear with me.

Smoking is unique among addictions for being very hard to quit, and there's a perfectly logical explanation for this that doesn't involve the effects of nicotine, or any chemical dependencies.

Smoking is a tool of repression. What does it repress? It represses the question of the missing pleasure. 

What do I mean by this? I mean that every time you desire to smoke a cigarette, and I mean every single time the thought crosses your mind that you need to have that feeling of warm smoke inside your lungs you are trying to repress your inability to enjoy some pleasure that you think is present at that moment. I'll give you some examples:

You are out on a walk with your partner in a garden. Take this as an example of a situation where you expect yourself to enjoy the pleasure of your partner's company and the pleasure of being in the garden. But something is lacking. You don't even know what is lacking because you repress the question before it becomes conscious, but for some reason you are unable to derive pleasure from the situation. And to stop your consciousness from pondering over this question, you desire a smoke because it will shift the focus of your attention.

Another example: You are getting drunk with your friends. Now drinking is another addictive drug that works on the same principle, but it's not as addictive as smoking, unless you become one of the ostracised drunks. The more the society is against your particular addiction the more addictive it becomes because of the way repression works. So you are getting drunk with your friends, and you are unable to fully participate in the social setting you are in. This lack of ability to enjoy fully won't even come to your conscious attention, because of the dynamics of repression, what will come to your attention will be a sudden desire to smoke, out of nowhere.

So the first step is to look out for it. Every time you feel the desire to smoke, without judging yourself or even the act of smoking, simply observe your surroundings and try to pinpoint what pleasure you are unable to enjoy. It could simply be the company of your mates which has for some reason become a little unbearable, it could be your inability to enjoy free time on your own when the rest of the people you know are able to. It could be any number of things and finding out the reason is not going to be easy.

If it were easy your brain wouldn't have developed this repression mechanism. You'll need to confront some hard facts, you'll need to tackle some tough situations, you'll need to solve some issues you have been avoiding. But here's the easy part:

Making an attempt to solve the problem is better than repressing the very thought of it. There's a Chinese proverb which says that the journey of a thousand steps begins with but a single step. And the first step is to not worry about smoking less, because that just makes quitting more difficult for some people.

The first step is to uncover the repressive mechanism that has taken over your brain, and that involves finding out the missing pleasure. And the solution will always be there in the situation. You will have to look around you to find the trigger that was hiding behind your urge to smoke. 

Once you start uncovering the real reasons behind your urges you'll find yourself craving cigarettes less and less without you having to do anything about it, and you quit entirely with some effort. The best way to beat repression is to bring it to your consciousness. 

And remember, there's no pleasure whatsoever inherent to smoking, as you probably know yourself--nobody likes their first cigarette. It's the binding mechanism of repression that makes smoking part of your unconscious pleasure avoidance.

I know this will work for you if you keep at it. Good luck with your journey. You don't deserve lung cancer for a trick of your brain.