Ugh. I really want to quit, going to start today. Sorry bout the novel, writing down details might help.

Hello all. Hope it works this time. Here's my story:

I have been smoking for too long. I started when I was 15 or 16, smoking those little Indian beedies. I was a bit of a nerd in school, it was one of the only thing in my teens that actually made me feel a little "cool." I've been smoking ever since, save for one 3-month period about a year ago.

By my twenties I was up to about a pack a day, more if drinking/socializing. About a year ago I had a 3-month successful stint using those vape pens. It satisfied the fidgety need to feel something in my lungs with a little hit of nic, but the device failed and I was quickly back to smoking. "Well maybe two or three won't hurt" right back to my previous level of use. 

I'm 32 now and still smoking my ass off. I can really start to feel the effects on my lungs and how it has affected my stamina. A huge flight of stairs winds me for chrissakes. I'm so depressed and mad at myself for all the damage I have done to myself. I think I'm at a point where I could revert probably most of the damage I have done to my arteries and lungs, but it still sits heavy on my mind how I allowed myself to be controlled by those little tobacco tubes.

I was talking to a friend at work recently who quit cold turkey. He said something to the effect of "If I can't do this one little thing, prove to myself I can pass this one hurdle in my life, well, what am I really capable of doing at all?" That thought has been echoing in my head.

I'm afraid. I know what I do, I know how I rationalize, excuse, and justify for my bad behavior. "Just a few" turned into "over a pack" in about 2 weeks.

I know I will miss the social aspect. I've always loved how cigarettes are an instant in or out of any conversation, situation, or gathering. Bored at the party? Go find the smokers. Cute girl smoking? Instant conversation starter. Etc, etc. How have you dealt with this kind of thing? I'm to the point where I don't really even enjoy smoking anymore. None of the pleasant buzz it used to bring, just lung pain and self loathing... but I just keep lighting up.

I don't know if the vape pen is good in the long run. Sure, a little nicotine and glycerin is better than smoking, but I don't want to just trade an addiction. I think it will help with the social aspect any my own flighty need for stimulation/something new/personal thought/a change of scenery... but I dunno, everyone says cold turkey is the way to go and most NRT methods aren't very effective. Maybe I'll just keep the pen around for bars/parties and such... Something for my pathetic hands to hold on to when I reeeally want one.

Thanks for letting me ramble, all comments or advice is appreciated.

Thank you, I really hope I can do this. I don't want to die a wheezing old unhealthy man.

Tunacrab