so... any idea what damage i have done to myself?

backstory: i started smoking when i was 21(2010). i quit april 20th this year when i am 26(2015). i smoked a pack a day. that makes me a 5 pack year ex smoker.

now, the question:

what damage have i caused to my body? i have tried looking around online, but most of it is just listing the benefits of quitting, and nothing much about the real damage done.

i was hanging out with a bunch of my never smoker friends, one of whom is a doctor. we got to talking about me quitting cigarettes and he pretty much said that my risk of lung cancer will always be the same as a full time current smoker. 

i know it isn't true, and he is just being a dick who doesn't realise his position as a doctor gives credit to whatever he says about health, but it really pissed me off, and at the same time, freaked me out.

there are various statements online, ranging from the lung functions/risks of lung cancer of an ex smoker will never recover to the state of a never smoker, to it takes 10 years to return to the state of a never smoker, to it takes 20 years to return to the state of a never smoker.

i also looked at professional medical journals and research, but most of the subjects are out of my age group, usually starting from 40 years old and above with a history of over 10 years of smoking, and none of them addresses my situation as an ex smoker who was a pack a day for 5 years, and quit by 26 years old.

so which one is it? did i do irreparable damage to myself? will my health ever go back to the levels of a non smoker?

the results actually doesn't really matter, but i just need to know the truth, because my stupid insensitive immature dick of a doctor friend had to mess with my head and freak me the fuck out.

any ideas?

Edit: Thanks for the kind words and for reassuring me guys. I just feel like quitting smoking is an accomplishment some non smokers will never understand.

I get the feeling that they feel themselves superior that they never started in the first place, and they make fucked up comments like 'we preferred it when you smoked' when none of them do. Its frustrating to see hypocrisy thrown blatantly in your face.