Day 3, irrationally upset at girlfriend?

26/M here, smoking for about 3-4 years. Tried to quit multiple times, never really had much success. Tried inhalers, gums, lozenges,, read Allen Carr,  Had my best success recently with an E-Cig, but looking to wean myself off that because I'd like to kill both the nicotine addiction and the habit. 

Anyways, I recently went about a month using the E cig exclusively, felt great about being tobacco free, but relapsed to analogs a few days ago. Felt especially guilty and disgusted with myself (backstory: my father died of lung cancer when I was a child and it destroyed my family), and like most of my relapses before, I chose to keep it to myself, regroup, and get back on the wagon when the feelings of guilt and anger had subsided.

Queue my non-smoking girlfriend. She hates smoking, so I almost never do it around her. She also had a family member die from smoking related cancer. Her "big thing" is communication regarding my addiction. She wants to know immediately when I relapse, and then it becomes a "family affair" where we need to work out a plan together. Then for the subsequent days and weeks she wants me to basically check in daily and let her know how Im feeling, how my cravings are, etc. I dont like to do this. Im an independent person and I prefer not to discuss the addiction because I find it as disgusting as a non smoker probably does. In fact, when in the process of quitting, I prefer to do everything I can to forget about it. But because she takes such an active role in my quit I have constant reminders about the cravings. Worst of all, her involvement in my quit has transformed her in my mind from a girlfriend/companion to a nagging, overbearing parental figure. I feel like a fucking child having to check in all the time with her, and worst of all I don't feel like her involvement is helping me quit. if anything its adding to the stress of it and making me completely resent her. So I have a strong desire to not let her know when I relapse.

Anyways, the day after I relapsed recently she went digging through my stuff specifically looking for cigarettes and found them. I hadnt told her yet, and Im not even sure if I would have if she didnt confront me about it. I was extremely upset at myself and anxious to get right back to my quit, just wanted to put the relapse in the past and pretend it never happened. But she wasnt going to let that happen. It was a big deal to her and she ended up saying this was the last straw. 

I understand how she feels about smoking, how it has hurt her family, and that ultimately she is doing this because she cares about my safety and health. I just hate how our relationship now seems to revolve entirely around my addiction. When I see her now, all I see is all my failed attempts to quit in the past. And the funny thing is, my current quit doesnt feel motivated by a personal desire to be nicotine free so much as a desire to get away from her nagging!

Apologies in advance for typos as im on mobile, currently riding a bus to get away from her. Anyone able to relate to having a significant other who is really overbearing about quitting, and in the process makes it harder to quit?