Started smoking at 14 with unfiltered Lucky Strikes. I'm now 4 years smoke free. Here's how I did it.

In 7th grade I started making friends with people who were a little older, and who smoked. For me, there was zero pressure to smoke, but it was symbolic. A gesture of "you can't control me" or "I don't obey the system" or some such other teenage angsty bullshit. I smoked to fit in. Isn't that always the case.

I got a part time job at the local neighborhood conveinent store. It was owned by an Irish Catholic who had 8 kids and a killer habit. He would leave the store in the afternoon and just grab a couple cartons to bring home. He did that more than once a week. His inventory was totally fucked. So I took it upon myself to help him out by sneaking a pack of the closest cigarettes to the counter into my pocket, which were unfiltered Lucky Strikes. 

If you've never tried them, unfiltered cigarettes are like sucking on Satan's asshole. The head rush is extreme, but the harshness is really over the top. This was my first pack of cigarettes, like real kids smoked in the 50's. None of that Virginia Slim shit from my mom's purse. I was a *man*.

Eventually I had to leave these behind, they were too much. So I cut down by switching to Marlboro Reds. That's right, Reds were my *lighter* choice. On occasion I would manage to get my hands on some Djarum Black clove cigarettes, which were a real treat. They are all black, taste and smell like cloves, leave a nice, sweet aftertaste on your lips, and drop bombs on your lungs all at once. I smoked all through high school.

In college I started to buy loose tobacco and filters, using a rolling machine to pack my own smokes. This brought the price down significantly, and my habit was secure. $10 a pack in Illinois in 2003? Go fuck yourself, I got $1.50 pack right here. I changed schools, changed jobs, and eventually graduated. I smoked all through college.

It wasn't until 2009 that I made a serious effort to quit. It wasn't easy, I just took a great new job, traveling the country, spending lots of time in New York. I was stressed but excited. I decided to go on the patch. Step 1 is 20mg or something like that, and they say to stick to it for 2 months, then move to Step 2. So I followed the program, and sure as shit I failed. Then in 2010 I tried again. This time, I stayed on Step 1 for 7 months. 7 whole months with 20mg patches every day. At first I would still smoke at night, needing more than the patch delivered. But that eventually subsided and ebbed. After 7 months, the Step 2 seemed like an afterthought, but I went through with it. Then Step 3. Then voila. No more nicotine, no more smoking.

I gave these tips to a coworker who had a similar history to mine. He sat on Step 1 for 6 months, and for the first time he was successful.

The funniest thing to me is looking back and remembering how I thought my day would go. I just simply couldn't imagine life, my day to day routine, without cigarettes. There was one in the morning, one with my coffee, another before lunch, another after, definitely one after dinner. I didn't know what I would replace them with. But now, I'm quite the opposite. I literally cannot remember what life was like *with* cigarettes. They are so alien to me now that I can't imagine having a smoke after dinner, or with my morning coffee, or driving to work. 

So stick to it! All those fears not only melt away, but you'll wonder what the hell you were thinking in the first place.