Gotta see about a girl-a quitting story to pass the time

Hey folks,
New Here. Almost done day two, and even though my mood is in the shitter and I cant stop thinking about them, I've yet to light up. Thought I'd pass the time by sharing my "decide to quit" story that I hope might help someone else. For some background, I'm 21, almost 22, started smoking around 15/16, and the habit really took off after a long and drawn out health scare in the family. Up to a pack a day at the peak. But anyway, story time.

So theres this girl. Pretty, funny, athletic, all around kinda girl the parents want to see. Met her freshman year of college. We'd hang out on a friends basis, neither of us really expecting anything. Frankly, I thought she was out of my league, but thats neither here nor there. 

Now, up here in the colder part of the U.S, You'd be hard pressed to find someone who's athletic and isn't a skiier. Or Snowboarder. Or luger...whatever. We're a grizzled, give no fucks kind of people when it comes to the ice, and being outdoors is a 4 season gig. 

So, said chika has the idea to go skiing for a day. I'm always hesitant with public displays of athleticism or endurance, for reasons I'm sure you understand. Nothing like watching your friends ride the lift up while you're sitting in the lodge, desperately trying not to puke. I love skiing, but my addiction was holding me back from enjoying it as much as I knew I could. My solution was to sack up, and not smoke the morning of and during the day. I knew it'd be rough, and I might not make it the entire day, but why not test the waters? Why not get a quick glimpse, if only a small one, of what my decision to quit might bring me?

I held myself to it. Segmenting the day into hours, the hours into individual runs. And even though the familiar lung burn was always there, it just seemed more...manageable. If I could controll my breathing, take a break now and then, I might just make it. I took more runs that day than I have in years. 

Fast foreward to the end of the day. By this point, things like "wind" and "people" are really annoying me. I'm struggling to keep my composure. Struggling to act like a gentleman around this lovely girl I've spent the day alone with. Were grabbing some food after the days activities in a small cafe on the mountains access road. By this point, my hands are shaky, and the ice in my glass sounds like an orchestra playing carol of the bells.

Chika notices. "Your shaking!! Is everything okay?"
"I'm Fine, just...haven't had a smoke in a while"
"You Didn't have any today?"
"Somehow, no."

And then this happened.
 
She places her hand on mine, looks me dead in the eye, and says:
"I'm proud of you."

I fucking melted. That was the instant, the one deciding factor that I needed. This girl who I was simply friends with destroyed years of built up excuses,and made the decision for me. In four words. 

And wouldn't you know it, tonight is our third date. 
-------------------
Sorry about the wall of text. I'm a few Jameson's deep, I love writing, and it seems to fend the cravings off for a time. I've got a long road ahead, but this sub, the words of encouragement, and the damn impressive flair next to everyones name is doing wonders. Keep on keeping on everyone, and remember... We're proud of you. 

TlDr: Quit. You'll get the girl in the end.





