Nicoderm, coffee, and help keeping clean?

I made a burner account to submit this post. I'm a longtime Reddit lurker, but never felt the need to join the community. I do so now because there are questions I need help answering. I'll give you a little background information about myself and my current situation. I'm five years narcotics and pharmaceuticals free. I quit smoking cigarettes three years ago, but replaced that habit with occasional pipe (tobacco) smoking (no inhalation). I haven't had a sip of alcohol in four months, and I quit smoking marijuana a few weeks ago. I've been substance oriented for so long it's strange not to be seeking the next "fix", but I do find myself being more productive in my downtime. I've contemplated strict clean living for the past two years but never had the willpower to follow through with abstinence. I'm at a sort of fork-in-the-road in regards to my future habits. Changing for the better has never seemed so necessary as does now. I've felt stressed recently without marijuana. Coffee has become a crutch to get through the day. I find it helps curb my desire to snack on bad foods or pop in the fast food drive through. I'm trying to loose a little weight (ten pounds) as I am technically overweight for my height. I'm quite out-of-shape, and riddled with gastrointestinal maladies caused by my poor diet. I feel like if I eat one more bag of Doritos I'll keel over. I'm now on oatmeal, fruits, and white meat. This brings me to my point. As many of you likely know, nothing goes with coffee like a cigarette. I began smoking cigarettes again two weeks ago. Yesterday I decided to intervene before it gets serious. I bought the Nicoderm patch today. (It was so expensive!) I didn't fully understand how intense they can be, so started with Stage 1 which is meant for people who smoke more than ten cigarettes a day. A few minutes after applying it to my forearm I noticed a slight rash around the patch. Then I felt my heart rate jump, my breathing became somewhat labored, and I careened around the house, pacing. I took the patch off but it left a residue. I eventually calmed down. I'll be honest, when I picked up the patch it wasn't really with the intention of quitting, but rather finding a tobacco-free alternative to smoking. I'm seriously rethinking this approach. I feel that legal stimulants are helping me focus on work, dieting, and staying clean. I don't drink sodas, energy drinks, or anything with sugars. I hate sugary foods and drinks. Still, eight cups of black coffee might be a bit much. I've tried "organic" pills like Hi-Ener-G which came recommended and work surprisingly well. I'm wondering how you guys get through the day when you need that upper. I know replacing one substance with another may not be a good approach. Still, a person once told me jokingly that you're not in AA unless you drink two gallons of coffee a day. I also knew a recovering heroine addict who swore that RedBull saved his life. What are your experiences? Have you ever used the patch? I'm trying to build up a daily regiment. I'd like to hear your comments, concerns or suggestions. Thank you.

I apologize if this isn't smoking-related enough. I didn't know where else to post.  