Looking for advice

So my girlfriend often comes under a lot of stress at her job, and just recently transferred to a new store which brings her even more stress than her previous store did. Before she would just talk to me about her problems at work and we would work them out together, but now at her new store the majority of the employees smoke, not just for stress relief, but just to smoke. A few weeks ago, she smoked a cigarette (not a problem, its just a single cigarette, so what?) but since then has often times mentioned that she "wants a cigarette" or "I'm stressed, I could smoke a cigarette right now," something like that, and increasingly while she's stressed at work, she'll join another employee for one on her breaks, which is getting me quite concerned.

I've voiced my concerns over this issue multiple times, though I'm not one to try to control her life, I don't want her getting caught up in a nasty (and quite frankly, disgusting) habit that will basically take over her life. She keeps insisting that she won't get addicted, that she doesn't always like the feeling that smoking brings to her, yet she keeps doing it. It's still just the occasional cigarette, maybe only one a week or less, but I still see this as cause for concern.

I've told her over and over that this is how habits start; she smokes one when she's stressed, it helps calm her down, then before she knows it, they become a crutch for whenever she's stressed, then eventually the nicotine craving kicks in and she's smoking even when not stressed. I don't want it to get to this point, I want to try to stop it before it becomes a habit, but I don't know how.

When I'm physically with her, I can help her out when she's stressed, but at work where I can't be all the time, and where the majority of her co-workers smoke, there isn't anything that I can do. She says she has a strong will-power and won't get addicted, but yet she keeps smoking, though it's only on occasion. 

So /r/stopsmoking, how do I go about trying to help her with her stress and ultimately (hopefully) have her avoid smoking? I don't want to control her life, not at all, I just don't want her falling under the demise of nicotine addiction..

edit: I a word.