Observations after week one.


I started smoking when I was 13 and in the past couple of years (i'm now 20) had bumped it up to nearly a pack a day.  This combined with the fact that I used recreational drugs (mostly ketamine, cocaine and opiates) pretty heavily through my teenage years really had an adverse effect on my health.  I quit doing drugs over a year ago which has been fantastic but I was smoking even more and that was making me feel terrible.  A couple of weeks back I decided I needed to make a choice between living the rest of my days in a constant state of feeling as death or doing some hard work and just fucking stop smoking now.  I choose the latter and went 5 days without smoking cigarettes when my roommate suggested I buy a pack when we had a drink. I felt awful for buying them so I purposely smoked those as quick as I could so i'd feel sick and not have them around me anymore. 



It's been 8 days smoke free since my hiccup and here are some observations I have that can hopefully help you to if you're thinking about quitting but need some short term results to look forward to for motivation. 

1. I'm really starting to understand what people make by having taste return to you. I know it's a bit soon but just the fact that i'm not coating my mouth and throat with smoke all day has given me a new appreciation for spices and flavors. When I brush my teeth I really feel like my mouth is clean and fresh. Not a lot of smell returning yet but I am breathing much better through my nose.

2. I can breathe much deeper and fill my lungs with air.  Of course i'm still quick to lose my breath at this stage but just ventilating and holding all of that fresh air is a small sample of what's to come with your health. 

3. My attitude has improved tremendously. Often times when i'd have a cigarette that didn't go down well or made me feel shitty I'd become very non talkative and have little to no energy for conversing. Since I got past the first 5 days I've been much more confident and friendly with people and calm when thinking things through.

4. I've had a sharp spike in energy that I can tell is only going to keep getting better. 

Anyways I don't want to make this too long, I just thought I owed to you all to tell you i'm feeling so much better and it's only been just over a week.  If you need someone to talk to or a bit of advice on overcoming withdrawals from cigarette or drugs,or any questions, I've got a lot of tips from the past couple years so feel free to ask or pm me if you'd like.  Thanks for your time and good luck. :)