Cessation unwillingly

Hello All!  26 year old male, pack a day for 8+ years, 2 years before that casually smoking.  I'm just a smoker, it's just who I am.  I smoke in my dreams, the only way I know to deal with stress is to smoke, the only way I know how to celebrate is to smoke.  I'm sure I don't need to elaborate further, we are, after all, all prior smokers.

I lost my job about two months ago.  It's been a really rocky patch since.  However, I actually have made at least a **singular** stride forward in my life.  I found my replacement job, and that is a HUGE upgrade from where I was prior.  As an inner-workaholic, this is a huge quality of life improvement.

The problem is, that as of approximately one week ago, my money has run out.  I'm waiting to receive my start date, and who knows how long beyond that until my first check.  I haven't had a cigarette since my money has run out.  I'm losing my mind.  I don't want to quit, I don't know how to.  I can't enjoy anything, because all I can think about all day, everyday, is a cigarette.  I can't preoccupy my mind, because it is in fact already preoccupied.

This has turned into a very long sob story, and I appreciate you reading this far.  I've realized that by time I will have the capability to purchase cigarettes again, I may well be 3 - 4 weeks tobacco-free.  It makes sense to try and use this as a launch pad into another attempt at quitting (not my first, probably attempt #6 approximately), however I don't feel very confident in my abilities to succeed this time.  The reasoning: I have tried this in the past during prior financial struggles.

I psychologically trick myself into surviving it like a punishment, not actually making a true lifestyle change.  I don't become a non-smoker, I become a deprived smoker.  What strides can I possibly take to break the cycle finally?  I have real stress, anger, and anxiety problems.  These grow exponentially when I deprive myself.  Furthermore, how do I survive making a good first impression at a new job while a mental and emotional wreck from the cravings?

Thank you for reading my sob story.  I always feel weird talking about it, because it really tears me apart internally, and I discredit my own concerns because it's totally first world problems that aren't really that important.  All advice is most certainly appreciated, though.

TL;DR: Lost my old job, waiting to start a new job.  Haven't had a cigarette in a week because I'm broke.  Don't have the desire to quit, but know it's probably a really good time to.  Cravings control my life as of now and I needed to vent/need advice.