Threw up after a full pack yesterday. Bought another today.

I've been smoking since I was a junior in high school, about 3 years straight, and basically hadn't stopped for more than a week at a time since. I never really considered myself a hardcore smoker, I never got to the point of smoking a pack a day save for one or two nights of heavy drinking, but for the most part I would top out at about 5-6 per day. Yesterday I decided to go to the river and see what it would be like to chain smoke a full pack- black american spirits- after the age old trope of a parent finding out his kid smokes then making him smoke the whole pack. So yesterday I go to the river and find a nice quiet spot, I turned off the podcast I had been listening to, and started smoking and told myself I would not move from that spot until the entire pack had been smoked.

5 cigarettes in.

I'd been going fine up til then, Nothing I hadn't experienced before. Little nausea but nothing too bad. Mind you I had only had a glass of coffee that day with no breakfast so I attributed the nausea for hunger.

8 cigarettes in.

The nausea was growing. I couldn't blame my hunger anymore and my head was swimming. My ears filled with a sort of buzzing from a headache that was developing. But I kept going.

10 cigarettes in.

That's the point where I couldn't take the nausea and vomitted all along the bank of the river. I retched for a good 3 minutes until I felt slightly better. But I hadn't finished the pack so I had to keep going.

11 cigarettes in.

I vomitted again.

14 cigarettes in.

The nausea was still ever present but I had nothing left in my gut.

18 cigarettes in.

I began dry heaving and my throat was so raw that it was barely letting me breath in the smoke any more.

19 cigarettes in.

My eyes had been watering, my stomach was in knots, my head was pounding, my throat was on fire. I still had one more cigarette left.
20 cigarettes. 

I told myself that I had to finish the cigarette so that at least the label on the paper was gone. I began dry heaving again as the label was reached and when it was gone I threw down the cigarette and laid back in the grass on the bank. I had to lay there for a few minutes before I had the energy to stand up and when I finally did I had to sit back down again to accomodate for a massive head rush that made me go blind for a few seconds (happens alot actually but after so much smoking I had no idea what was going on.) When I finally got back to my car I went to get something to eat and could barely swallow with my throat so raw.

I know it probably doesn't seem like much for some of the more hardened smokers but I felt like I was dying for at least a few hours after that. 

Come today I went down the street and bought a new pack to smoke with my morning coffee.

I figured that I wouldn't get to that level again. 

tl/dr chain smoked a pack of american spirit blacks, threw up. Next day I bought a new pack. 