It all starts with "just one" - stop now!

Ex smoker (2.5 mos) of 20+ years, working as an RN in a busy hospital with many 
patients who have entirely preventable 
respiratory issues.  Please read and consider your future! 

PLEASE PLEASE quit now! You may feel like you're "choosing" to smoke now, and you may be enjoying it, but that will change. You will think about how you decided to smoke A cigarette the first time, but you'll never understand how you became a smoker.

You'll start to watch the clock in class and decide how fast you'll have to move to sneak a few drags before your next class. 

You will probably start smoking in your car. You will think nobody really smells it on you because you don't smoke that much, and you chew gum or wash your hands or whatever. They DO smell it.

You will get older. You will wonder how the thing you used to love has become a part of your life that controls YOU. Stairs will become harder. Your sleep will probably suffer. You will find yourself using a cigarette as a reward of sorts for everything - hard day? Smoke. Good day? Smoke. Finished a meal? Smoke. No time to eat? Smoke.

You will probably start taking elevators and stuff instead of stairs, because it's embarrassing to get winded at your age (or 30s, 40s, 50s). Stop biking and start driving everywhere. Turning down hikes and stuff with friends because it's hard and humiliating. 

Maybe you'll get cancer. But probably, you won't. Instead, you will develop COPD - emphysema, bronchitis, whatever. You know that bucket list of traveling you've always wanted to complete? Go ahead and make it shorter. It's hard to fly with a portable oxygen tank. You don't want to sit for too long because you could get blood clots in your legs that can break free and travel to your lungs or brain and kill you. Nope! Staying home! Even if you do get somewhere enjoyable, you're not walking around downtown really, exploring. No stairs of the Mayan ruins. No climbs to the top of Everest, or a small hill, eventually.

If you live long enough, you *will* be hospitalized. Eventually your exacerbations will get worse, and more frequent. Docs will pump you full of steroids so hard that your skin will become papery and delicate, you will feel puffy and gross, and you will be jittery and have terrible mood swings and trouble sleeping. Eventually, you will have so much trouble breathing that you won't be able to make it to the bathroom.

It will be scary. When you're drowning without air, no amount of hand holding or soothing words can fix the panic that you will feel. And you will be alone in it, whether at home or in a hospital - because it comes down to just you, and those cigarettes that stole your life.

And you'll wish you never, ever ignored that first little voice that told you that this was a bad idea. And it will be too late.


