Third times a charm, I really hope.

Today I hit the low of all lows. 

My bank account currently says -102 dollars, so i cant spend any more money, and pay day is still a week off, so that means no money for cigarettes, and my partner has already said he is not buying me any because he resents the fact that i chose to smoke when I can't afford it.

Bit of a back story; this will be my third time giving up smoking. The first time was last year around christmas, I used patches and well fuck me, it worked pretty decently, I didnt have a cig again til around april this year, and that was only because I was really drunk, bumming them off of a friend and said fuck it, I'll go and buy a pack. Worst idea ever. every pack I bought after that was "my last one." Then I decided that after I come back from my overseas holiday Ill give up smoking. Yea Right. As I was in duty free I said fuck it, and bought a carton. that lasted me a fortnight, and then I had to keep buying them again. 

My next attempt to give up smoking happened about a month ago, I got really sick, had no desire what-so-ever to smoke. Went to the doctor and she confirmed it was tonsillitis, and suggested that I dont smoke during recovery. I did well, didnt smoke for a good two weeks, no cravings to smoke either. I was winning, and set up a badge for myself so I could feel proud of what I had accomplished. 

That day it all went downhill. The car fucked out, took it to the mehcanics, wasnt an expensive job thank christ, but still If I wasn't buying cigs then getting the car fixed wasn't an issue. Then the washing machine went. No point getting it fixed, as for the repair would cost about as much as getting a new one, so thats what I did, forked out for a new one. 500 bucks later, I was left almost broke, but I knew I didnt have any major expensives this month and as long as my partner put petrol in the car I would get by for the rest of the month. 

The next day is where things go from bad to worse. I had just promoted to a managerial postion at my job, which was a huge accomplishment on my behalf, but alot of hard work. My first day as a manager couldn't have gone any worse. I was fucking up left, right and centre, which I took out on fellow staff members and then later when I got home on my partner and useless flatmate. 

I checked my bank account, it said $18, sweet, just enough for a pack of something cheap. rock down to the servo and picked a pack up for myself. Well i got the headspins and sorta thought to myself this isn't really worth it. but then I had another and another, and my mood picked up, and I was feeling all round happier I guess. Work went a bit better and things were picking up. But I said to myself this is the last packet. $9 In the bank, So I went to the servo and got myself another, and PayWaved it (tap and go, works like credit and takes a week to come out of the account kinda thing, and as long as there is money in an account you can keep using it) So I kept doing this, promising myself this is the last pack, no more. Another day, another pack of cigs to get. I'd done this a good 8 times now, and It started to come out of my account, leaving me at -102 bucks. Now I have no money. No cigarettes, and well, I feel destroyed. This addiction has taken over my life again, and as I sit here typing this I contemplate breaking up dumpers and rolling them into cigarettes (ex stoners as well, so there are papers and filters all over the place.) I have never felt more defeated in my life. Lowest point of my life, ever, and I've been to some pretty dark places. 

Even though I've only been smoking agin for about ten days, it feels like I've never given up, and been smoking for the last 5 years. They say it takes 21 days to pick up a habit, But I think there is an exception for smoking, because it took me 5 minute to get back into old routines. 

So today I reset my badge, lock myself in my bedroom and give up smoking, because I really have no other choice.    