Well, it's gotten to the point where I'm forced to quit.

I'm 22 years old, been smoking on and off since I was 17.  I know I'm addicted, and it's sad how it all came to be.  When I started I convinced myself it was only "social smoking", I only did it rarely, until eventually it started being me going outside by myself, smoking a cigarette, to smoking 3-4 a day, and progressing slowly at 20 years old to being a pack a day.  

I was able to quit last year for 5 months, when I was in a relationship in which the girl did not like me smoking, it made the withdrawals worth it at the time.  Since July of last year I have been at a steady pack a day, it helped me calm down from the stresses of life, and life had gotten pretty stressful and showed no signs of slowing down.   Now here I am, April 11th, 2013 where it is time for me to quit again.  Not because I want to, I honestly don't want to.  When I go out with friends to clubs and bars I feel the need for a cigarette to take breaks from crowds of people.  It calms me down and relaxes me, helping me deal with what ever anxiety I am feeling at the time.  A couple months ago things hit a low point in my life.  I couldn't afford to really eat much, so instead I decided to smoke to curb my appetite.  I know this is horrible, but it's what I did.  Now, I can't afford to eat anything if I keep smoking.  It's going to be hard to quit, I don't know how I will deal with stress.  I wish I had the forethought to save for an e-cig as I have heard they help.  Smoking was an easy solution for me, that worked.  I still have seven cigarettes left.  I am going to smoke them all, and enjoy the last that I have.  It would be best for me to quit right now, right this instant but I am not strong enough to accomplish that, and I know it.  This is going to be a rough couple weeks, as it had been the last time I quit.  Now I'm worried it's going to be much worse, as I have no person to fall back on, I have to quit for myself, and quite honestly, I don't care much enough about my health to quit for myself. 

After a few hours I won't have any more, it's going to suck, I know this, and I can't prepare for this mentally.  I'm going to have to fight through it alone, but in the end it is for the best, and in the end it's a step in the right direction to get my life back on track.

Thank you to those who read this, after tonight I shall begin my day 1. 