Over 8 months tobacco free...and then...

...someone offers me a joint at a party. I've been smoking weed once a week or so since quitting, so this isn't odd.

"This is weed, right?"

"Ya"

I take a small puff. I was drunk and I thought it tasted a little off.

I look down at it. No, it's a joint...

I take another puff. No...this isn't right.

"Yo man...there's no way this is just weed. Is there tobacco in this?"

"Ya a little bit"

I felt like I was in shock. I moved away from where people were a bit and started feeling the "head buzz" that kids think is fun when they just start smoking. 

This wasn't fun.

I can't describe the wave of emotions that went through me for the next 20 minutes. I couldn't say a word. I was furious, disappointed and nauseous. Furthermore, none of my friends understood - even the smokers didn't understand. They thought I was just fucked up, but I wasn't at all....I was just so completely pissed off, but I had nobody to be pissed off at.

The guy who gave me it didn't know that I had quit. Even if he had, I doubt he would have understood the severity of what had just happened unless he had quit before. I felt disappointed with myself but I really had no reason to be...I didn't willingly choose to use tobacco.

I was still surrounded by cigarettes for the rest of the night and as usual, I didn't want one at all. I actually wanted one less than ever. Up until that point, I had gotten some kind of nostalgic joy from the smell of cigarettes, but now I was just repulsed. The stuff really does smell and taste like absolute shit.

This might sound odd, but as I sit here wiping at a runny nose (haven't had any allergy symptoms all year, then this happens and my nose is a faucet...go figure), I see the silver lining in this. Tasting that awful shit one more time really drove home just how disgusting it is, and I find it kind of amazing that i found it so repulsive after using it. 

There's no way in hell that I'm resetting my badge - not now, not ever. I refuse to even view this as a "hiccup". I accept that this happened, but I wanted no part of it, and I'll continue on as if it never happened. I feel kind of out of it today...it could be that I'm tired or that I am feeling some type of withdrawal once again...but there's no way that this is Day 1 again.

Thanks for letting me vent. Good luck everyone!

