Nicotine withdrawal is a mourning process

So this is my 6th day being smoke free. I did break once, on day 4, but that doesn't count :) I feel great right now, and as motivated as I was on day 1 to quit.

I want to share with you a technique that finally prepared me to quit. I suffered from the mindset of *not wanting* to stop for a very long time. Sure, cigs are gross and smelly, but that feeling of walking down the street in the cool air, relaxing, just spending time with myself, was too great to give up. The technique doesn't help with this part. You have to want to quit for this technique to work. Eventually, I got to the point where I knew the cigarettes were killing me, holding me back socially, and causing bad anxiety. This happened naturally.

You're reading a post in a sub called "stopsmoking," so my guess is that you've passed this first phase of quitting. Congratulations. You really want to quit. You're actually 1/2 way there.

Now comes the second part, throwing away the cigs and dealing with life post-cigarette. How does it work?

A good friend of mine described the nicotine withdrawal in a way that makes perfect sense to me. It's a process of mourning. Just as when a close friend or relative dies and you can no longer interact with them, so has the cigarette died. Smoking is just no longer a possibility, and you have to deal with the mental consequences.

You go through the stages of grief in rapid succession. You start to deny the severity of your addiction. It's not so bad. So why not have another cigarette? You certainly get angry. Fuck myself for starting to smoke so many years ago. You bargain with yourself: Oh, a little higher risk of cancer isn't so bad. I'll just smoke less instead of quitting. You get a bit depressed and anxious from the physical withdrawal symptoms, but you accept your fate of having to quit this addiction.

Once you think about quitting as a natural process of detox, and you accept that you will feel shitty for a while, it makes more sense. This is a challenge that you have to go through. If someone close to you died tomorrow, you'd deal with the grief. You feel shitty, but you go about your daily life. You accept that when you get sad and anxious, it's a normal symptom of the grief, and the only cure is time.

Quitting is a self-inflicted mourning process. It takes all the self control to not take one more drag, just as it takes all the self control to not seek to bring the dead back to life.

As with all mourning processes, you must accept that going back to the way things were is NOT a possibility.