Today

Hi everyone!

I'm a 25-year-old woman and I've been smoking since I was roughly 18. Not a long time by some standards, but I've developed a pretty nasty dependence on nicotine over those years. I suppose the purpose of this is just to get what's been on my mind off my chest and hopefully receive some words of encouragement. 

It started innocently enough. I guess I started smoking because I started going to parties in college. It was just a thing to do. I wouldn't do it other than when in social situations. Then my parents started talking about separating and there was a whole bunch of drama there, so I thought buying a pack of smokes for myself would somehow help the situation because I was stressed. Before I knew it, I was smoking half a pack a day, and that's where I am now. 

Every day, without fail, I'd smoke 12 or 13 cigarettes, depending on what I'm doing during the day. A regular work week day though was always pretty standard, and I'd religiously have smoked a half a pack a day from when I woke up to bed time. 

So then I started having trouble breathing. This could very well be in my head, but for the last few days I haven't been able to take a good, deep breath. Do you know what I'm talking about? Almost as if someone's sitting on my chest and I can't inhale completely. Almost as if I can't complete a breath and I'm gasping. And I'm yawning. Constantly freaking yawning. Which leads me to believe I'm lacking oxygen in general. So this scares me. 

The thought of stopping cigarettes entirely scares the shit out of me. I feel weird for feeling this way because it honestly feels like I'm losing a friend. Like I've left a buddy at an airport and I'm absolutely never going to see them again. Like I'm losing a part of myself. Like I'll be incomplete. 

*I have no idea how to attack this. I'm not prepared in any way, and I kind of just decided on a whim. I've always been that way really, spontaneous as fuck. I have no e-cigs, no books, no gum or patch. I have an app that I downloaded and this place. And of course, a boyfriend who loves and supports me no matter what. But it's comforting to know you guys are here. I know I can read these posts and see what you're all going through and know that I'm experiencing the same thing.* 

Anyway, thanks for reading :)