Day 5 today...

So, it's day 5 of being completely smoke and nicotine free. I'm taking Chantix. Though, I may stop mentioning that in future posts because I feel like the only reason I mention it is because I have some feeling of shame or guilt that I needed help. I would have loved to quit cold turkey... but, after years of trying, I just couldn't.

That said, I'm finding that it really doesn't matter. For one, Chantix isn't a magic pill. I still get the cravings and anxiety (today was pretty rough with that). Second, there's no shame in using whatever tools are available to you to help you quit. That said, I may in the future mention it or not. But, while I will want to go off Chantix eventually, I'm okay with it for now and, more importantly, I'm actually *not smoking*.

On a side note, another "tool" - if you want to call it that - is not having any money this week. I somewhat purposefully mismanaged my money earlier this month so that I would be left with no cash in my account. I have food and gas to get to work. And I have everything at home to live. If there's an emergency I have other less liquid resources I can fall back on.

But, not having money to buy those $6+ packs makes it a little easier. I refuse to borrow money from people just to buy smokes (they all know I'm quitting anyway and would want to know why a relatively well off guy like me is asking for money).  So, it's just not an option.

Also, another tool was telling people at work and seeking help there. Most of my family smokes so I get very little emotional support there. My non-smoking friends, while they are very supportive, can only be available at certain times and days.

But, few people at work smoke and I spend much of the day with them most of the week. They are very supportive and I don't get the impression it's because they'd get an extra hour out of me lost to smoke breaks to work. They all tell me about spouses, family members and friends who've quit or still struggle.

So, yeah... I'm doing it. It's hard today. But, I'm going to get through it.