So here we go!

I don't know number of this quit attempt is for me, but I obviously need to try something different.  I have been a lurker here off and on in the past, so here is my first post.

A bit about my history:  I started smoking around 21 when I started hitting bars and hanging out with my friends a bit more in college.  I never had an urge to smoke before then since my dad smoked so much.  He smoked in the house, on the job, in the car, everywhere.  At that time I thought it was a terrible habit, especially since he smoked so long he had developed the terrible cough.  He says that he started smoking in Vietnam and the habit followed him back.  He quit cold turkey in May 2008 and I could not have been happier for him.  Unfortunately, he still has the cough, but has moved into a more active lifestyle and is ready to embrace retirement soon.

I have tried a bit of everything to quit in the past:  cold turkey, patches, joining a gym, and e-cigs lately.  I had especially good luck with the patches and an active lifestyle in the past, so I think I am going to start off that way.  I did have some issues with the patches causing vivid dreams, so I already know that they will have to come off while I sleep.  I thought the e-cigs were going to be the way to go, but for some reason, I didn't like the idea of inhaling super heated chemicals when I knew what I was inhaling in cigarettes.  The e-cigs did help with urge to have a cigarette replica in my hand when I was stressed, I was able to keep my hands occupied when an urge would strike.

I would say that I am a younger male that could use getting back in shape, but overall in the professional workplace, smoking isn't really an attribute that is accepted in my field anymore.  The first thing I did after I was back at work after Christmas was tell my boss that I was quitting.  Of course I was real nervous doing this, but it turned out he was real supportive and fully embraced the idea that I may be a bit irritable for the first week or two.  Will definitely update on this aspect since it will be new to me, and possibly entertaining.

So, this being my first post here, I don't know whether to ask for support or to just ask for a place to vent once in awhile.  I openly accept both if the sub would be so nice, and if anyone wants my thoughts, feelings, triggers,  please let me know!  I hope to post updates of success and continue to peruse through the experiences of you all so that I can continue this process.  Thanks!

TL;DR I'm quitting and trying new things.