A failure's story

The title may be a bit harsh for some and may seem like I'm being overly self-critical but I assure you that it's not.  I've been smoking for over 15 years.  The reality of that has never really hit me.  

15

**Years**

Nope, still not doing it for me.  Here is another thing, I have a few close relatives that died from lung cancer.  My grandfather and uncle.  I've seen first hand, not only once but twice, the suffering done by smoking to my own family members.  The cost the loved ones have to pay even though they never smoked.  The trauma my own mother endured.  Did that help me quit?  Nope.  What's even worst is that I lied to my mother about my addiction for years after that.

How many times have I quit?  I've honestly lost count.  More than 15 times.  

Why am I telling you all this?  Well there is a lesson here.  Why I have failed again and again.  My denial. 

My denial on smoking is that one single foundation in which all my reasons for failing to quit are built on.  Stressful day?  A cigarette would fix that.  Just one cig.  I was drinking.  In all of those I failed to take accountability and I was in denial.  Lying to myself that a cigarette today is really the solution.

For those struggling to quit.  Do not make this same mistake.  If you're craving a cigarette just remember my story.  You pick up that cigarette and you're just prolonging the problem.  You are not solving anything.  Hell you won't even really feel better for smoking.  I quit for 6 months.  When a particularly stressful situation presented itself, I was convinced that a cigarette was the solution.  I satisfied my craving for nicotine but I felt sick.  Felt like a failure and physically ill.  

This is not a feel good story but more of a warning.  I may not have any serious health problems yet but, at the rate I am going, this thing will kill me.  The ones that will truly pay for this will be my loved ones and I will probably be lying in my deathbed as a failure.  

Take what you will from this.  Smoking that next cigarette will just make the problem worst.
