18 days and feel like crap Today.

Hey guys!

Well it's been 18 shitty days and just would like to vent about what's going with me. First off I have been a smoker for about 13 years and I am 30 now, male. The first week of quitting was not so bad, but I recently had a crazy heart episode and went to the emergency room and was diagnosed with what's called AFib (Atrial fibrillation) and AFib usually can unknown causes but usually is bad life choices and no exercise . AFib is basically the electricity that pulses your heart and sometimes the electricity can spasm or  go crazy. I have had few heart related palpitations somewhat before. One example was years ago when I use to skateboard I tried to do an ollie and fell down real hard and the shock from the fall made my heart start pumping real fast. It was strange and freaked me out and I punched my chest once or twice and it went back to rhythm, It was weird but I did that on instinct for some reason and it worked. Anyways this emergency thing that happened to was also strange. So I have not smoked that week in like 3 days and it was on a Friday and I wanted to buy a pack and play some video games and have a beer until I was going to meet up with the guys. So I did that but I did not realize how many cigs I was smoking at the time with this episode happened. I had a smoke in my fingers drinking a beer and my heart started to flutter and I got up and immediately went over to the sink and poured cold water on my face and neck to cool and calm down. I looked over and realized I smoked liked 7 or 8 cigs in like a 20 min time period not even knowing. But my heart would not go back in rhythm. It would like beat 1 or 2 normal beats then like 4 or 5 quick beats. So, I went and laid down to try to calm down or fall asleep because I heard usually when your in a sleep state your rhythm goes back to normal, but nothing worked. After about an hour I could not even get out a bed with out my heart beating to hard an my anxiety rising. So I wanted to call my folks and saw my phone on the bathroom window and I literally slowly got off the bed and slid my ass across to the floor to get the phone and when I sat one the toilet I felt winded and freaked out, yea it was that bad. I called the folks they came over took an aspirin my anxiety went up when they got there but I got to the couch and started to feel tingling in my hand tips and some dizzy spells. I tried to make it to the car but could not get up so the folks called me an ambulance, and here is where it got weird. About 4 EMT's came in my apartment and my anxiety was up an I am trying to calm down they put the EKG on me and said my heart rate was around 163 bpm and 2 EMT's tried to pick me up and I shrugged them off and I started crying, that seem to help relieve stress for me and then I remember a friend of mine that is also an EMT told me if you squeeze your body real hard like your taking a shit, that will force blood down your body and is suppose to lower your heart rate. [Thanks Herb!] So when I shrugged them off I was in a crying state and then begin to feel my throat closing up and never felt that shit ever then took a deep breath and got into a ball and just started squeezing my body real hard and I suddenly my heart went back into rhythm. I did not know this at the time and was able to get up an get in the ambulance bed then they put that oxygen thing in my nose and I was beginning to feel better. For some reason when I made it to the ambulance bed they took the EKG off of me but once I was in the ambulance they put it back on and the EMT was like whoa! "Hey Carol!  Yea! This guy converted himself!" I was like WTF does that mean? They explained what I did and so on and said usually we have to shock the heart back into rhythm. So all that happened and I did some blood work, a chest xray, got some temporary medication in case that ever happens again and everything came back good. That is why I quit smoking those stupid fucking nail coffin fucks. I feel better when I say it like that, lul. I also have been walking every other day since I quit. So now I have been smoke free for 18 days but feel like shit and wondering if any of you guys had any of the feelings I am having as of late or ever in your process. 2 days ago I went for another routine walk around outside for about 30 to 45 min. For the the first week I did not feel to bad the second week I had a lot of withdrawals, the body feeling kind and a lot of shortness of breath. But 2 days ago I went for a walk and felt fine when I was done and woke up the next day and felt pretty good the whole time. But when I got home Yesterday I was going to walk but just laid down watched some netflix and napped from like 6pm to 10pm. But when I woke up I felt bad pressure on my chest and hurt when I took a deep breath drank some water and tomato juice finally went got back to sleep and when I woke up for work this morning I still had this chest breathing pain. So I got a big hot coffee to help sooth my chest and slowly has subsided but now my body feels achy like I have a cold. Is this from quitting? After work I am going to get a lot of remedies I have researched and slowly try out some, I also use a humidifier when going to sleep that I think is helping. But just wondering if anyone one of you from this great community has had these symptoms because I feel everyone is different and the amount of cig and time you have smoked. Smoking has many different impacts on each individual but just wanted to put my experience out there. I apologize for the lengthy vent. It's now lunch time. Thx for reading.