ENOUGH!

I simply can't keep doing this any more... I'm only 22 years of age and I've already had heart surgery twice... once at birth, and again three years ago. At least twice a year I go for a check up when the anxiety and fear of a heart attack becomes too much, and every time they say it's all sweet... leading me convince myself over and over that I may as well continue with my vice of inhaling carcinogens and mixing it up with whatever excess of narcotics seems like a good idea at the time.

This pain in my neck (what I assume to be my carotid artery) is just getting worse and worse, and I'm growing more and more terrified of having a stroke or god knows what... but I can't tell what the bloody hell is real or psychosomatic.

Instead of indulging myself in this absurdity, I think the time has come for drastic change... I don't want to die before I'm thirty. I don't want my gums to be inflamed all of the time. I don't want to lose the ability to save money every time I get paid. But most of all, I don't want to lose my voice, and I don't want to miss out on what is supposed to be my prime because of this pointless act.

I've already quit marijuana (been a week now) and I'm starting to come out of my shell, my attitude has improved drastically, but I need to take the next step. I've quit before, twice - but only ever for a month. The first time was fucking amazing. Having quit both marijuana and cigarettes, I played the best gig of my life and shocked the minds of the people expecting little from the pale little man up on stage, almost instantly gaining a seemingly limitless lung capacity, confidence, and energy... but the last time was simply horrid... I'd credit the ganja to helping in magnifying the withdrawal.

Already, though, this year is looking up. I'm eating better (rather than nothing at all), I've enrolled in university and I feel my attitude has completely changed. I want to LIVE, Reddit! LIIIIIVE!

If I may ramble on a little bit more, I must say that you are all a big inspiration to me, and I feel that by declaring my intentions here (and hopefully keeping everyone updated!) there may perhaps be a little bit more pressure on me to stick to my word. :) Kudos to all the posters here for inspiring me!

TL;DR - I will no longer be sucking on the devil's tailpipe. 