Day 2...

Hello all! So, I am a 21 year old female. My very first cigarette was in 7th or 8th grade. Freshmen year of high school was when I bought my first pack. By sophomore year I was smoking every day. I have taken about 3 or 4 breaks (at those times I was convinced that I quit for good) from anywhere between 2-6 months. Recently, my mom was diagnosed with cancer and within two months of her diagnosis, my aunt (paternal side) passed away from cancer. I quit for 3 months, and then after a night of drinking I started smoking again. This "slip-up" happened about 4 months ago. I can't breathe well. I feel like crap. My chest and lungs are killing me. I'm overweight (lost 10 pounds in the last 2 weeks just from counting calories, though!) and my dream is to be able to run a few miles without stopping or having pains in my chest. Smoking and being overweight make exercise uncomfortable. I am ready to begin a brand-new lifestyle. I want to be healthy. I don't want to get cancer. I know this is going to be hard and I'm scared, but with every cigarette I smoke I know it gets that much harder to quit. 

When I'm by myself it is easier not to think about cigarettes. Here's the catch: about 70% of my friends smoke. It's so difficult to be in an environment where your friends are retrieval cues for this addiction. Even if I am driving over to a friend's place who smokes I automatically crave a cigarette the second I know I'm going to see them. I don't know what to do about this. I need to either not see them for a few weeks, or just not make it an option to go outside with them. 

And the drinking! I just turned 21 and so there are so many more opportunities now to go out and grab a drink or two with friends. And drinking and smoking go hand in hand. I feel like I need to stop drinking for a while. Plus that will make it easier to lose weight, anyways. 

Ok, I'm done with this rant. Sorry it's not so organized. This is kind of like a splurge of thoughts. Thanks for reading :)