If you are in the very beginning, then read this cuz I'm writing it for you.

I am almost at 50 days and wanted to just break down what you are going through.  It's really easy if you take this thing in steps, so here goes.

The worst day is one of these days.  

The very first day.
The day right after that.
The sly old day number three.

Here's why:
For obvious reasons the 1st day can easily be the worst for many.  For others it may not be that bad.  After all, you are kind of in a spell, a weirdo limbo-like state of shock.  It's a trip.  You are not intoxicated but you are definitely lightheaded so-to-speak.  You're not yourself and this can actually be comforting to some.  For others, it may be the worst day hands down.  On the other hand, it can be very stressful and only get easier from here quite simply.  Either way, the first day may be the worst or it may be sort of fun.

With that in mind, the "fun" can continue long into the second day.  It's a break from the norm for you.  You are doing something different and that's exciting.  These thoughts alone will carry you through the next few days and literally through the entire process.  They just lose their impact after a while.  The thrill of doing something that is so healthy and beneficial so suddenly does wear off eventually, but it's that initial anti-hit that really leaves you "buzzed".  So depending on how long this sensation lasts, the worst day could be day number 2 or 3.  After that initial whatever-you-want-to-call-it ride is over and the stress and a feeling that is similar to drowning kicks in then the suck really starts to manifest.  I felt like I couldn't breathe- like I could never catch up to my own thoughts- like I was just wandering around lost for a bit too long.  When this ceased to be fun anymore, that's when the pain really dug into my head.  

For me the first day was hard- yeah- but still kind of fun.  I was happy.  So happy.  I was quitting something that could EASILY kill me.  It could easily have killed me without a doubt.  It does every day to people.  I could have died from it.  And like a fucking dumbshit I kept doing it.  Well, one day I (cold turkey style) took the gun out of my mouth and put it down forever.  That 2nd day I was still loaded off the fact that I actually went a full 24 fucking hours and haven't had one yet.  Was I really going to keep on doing it it?  It was getting harder- the 2nd day I think it was harder **and** easier.  Not sure how to further talk about those details- it had pockets of ease and frustration I guess- but I just remember that I drank fuckloads of coffee.   So much coffee.  I was wired all day on it and didn't know what else to do.  

Day 3, I thought the worst was behind me.  I am pretty sure that day 3 was not the worst, but it wasn't the easiest of those.  The 1st day was the hardest.  Getting past that 24 hours I tried so many times and failed.  Every time it would get me in the 18th hour or something.  Hell, I started after quitting for 3 days many times before, but for some reason, that first 24 hours always seemed to be the hardest hump to get over.  The next 24 were not much easier but since they weren't the first,  the definitely weren't the worst.  By day 3, I was getting new stressors.  I thought I could handle things, and I could, but things like road rage jumped out at me from nowhere.  I was a victim to my own progress. 

The next few weeks after the first few days were still bad.  I hate even talking about it, but it's therapeutic for me to get this crap out of my head.  The first week was like a scab on my brain that was slowly coming off.  I choose activities that kept me busy but were not stressful.

Don't be too stressed, but maintain a healthy amount of just-doing-shit.  Mindless and meaningless is great.  Reading sucked so bad.  I played angry birds way more than I should have in the first 2 weeks.

Now the weird part.

Week 2 and 3 were obviously easier than the first week.  I still got angry.  I got frustrated and threw something through my wall.  I broke my laptop cord.  I kicked in my door.  This is all in the first 2 to 3 weeks.  Not the first few days.  This monster was unleashing itself out of me and I wasn't even legitimately stressed or upset or too bothered.  It just came out of nowhere.  I have no idea how it happened.  It was weird.  I broke a window yesterday.  I am creeping up on the 60 day mark, 2 days away from 50 days, but so, so close to 2 months and I am still feeling spurts of anger.  I don't do stuff like this.  It's not like me.  It's the addiction harvesting itself and performing multiple dead cat bounces I believe.  It's doing whatever it can to take one last cheap shot.  I am going to win this battle in the end. IT knows it and I know it.

2 months about to be done with.  I am not going back to that 2 day period.  It was sort of cool, like taking a new way home from work or something, but I wouldn't want to go back.  The unpredictability of the weeks after that was not super hard to deal with.  It was more bothersome just having to clean up after the facts.  I fixed my door, wall and bought a new laptop cord.  I still gotta get to the window from yesterday though.  

Now that I am about to go into the 3rd month, *most* of the bad shit is behind me.  I don't know what any one will get out of this, but hopefully it'll help you break it down or something.  I know it helped me to see it all out in front of me.  If you came a long way, then maybe you too can write out your story and that will help you see how far you've climbed.  Whatever you do, just don't ever think that one is not starting.  One cigarette, one puff, one time and you are a smoker again.  

For me it goes all the way to nicotine.  You can enforce whatever rules you would like, but any form of nicotine is cheating for me.  We're all different though, so may the best be with you and stay strong through it all.
