What a bittersweet moment. Support is encouraged. 

Hey there, guys. It's sad to say but this is my first real post to reddit, so please be kind.

I'll provide some backing information to my situation, here. A friend and I started smoking when he turned 18 about four to five months ago and it evolved into habit after that. I was still 17 at the time so he was my source of cigarettes. A few months pass by and its at least three to four cigarettes a day. I just knew I was pretty much addicted because I have an addictive personality and once I do it for a week, I do it for a pretty long time. Anyway, the day of my 18th birthday we basically get found out by my parents and my mom throws my **three packs** of cigarettes away and makes me promise to her that I'll never smoke again. The next day before work I already have a new pack and a lighter. This was December 19th and I've been back to my regular smoking ever since. 


Fast forward to yesterday and my mother and I were talking and she was asking me if I kept my promise and of course I lie to her because I don't want to get in trouble. She tells me she loves me and thinks about me and my previous smoking problem everyday and it worries her daily. After our conversation I instantly make the decision to give smoking up because I don't want to a)hurt her by breaking my promise b)continue to lie to her c)further damage my health because I do have a slighty asthma problem and I have noticed a reduced lung capacity. 

So, this morning before school I parked in a parking lot and smoked my last cigarette. I got to the end and tossed it what felt like a mile away. It felt like total shit knowing I was giving this up. I can't describe how good they make me feel and even typing this makes me want to smoke again. I don't know how I'm going to be able to give this up.

 I have an electronic cigarette from when we first started smoking, so I guess I'll stick to it to attempt to quit and then slowly wean myself from it? I have no self-confidence and no self-control.

Please, help. I don't want to have to reset my badge. 