So, first post here, got a horrible flu the same day I quit smoking, now I'm coughing my lungs out

I wanted to share some things, maybe might help some people out too.
I eased out of smoking, did this a while back too. Never considered myself an addict of anything and I'm generally not opposed to anything or want to ban things.


A few days ago I smoked less and less cigarettes ( 0.1 mg nicotine) per cigarette, these being the "lightest" I know. In the last day of smoking I smoked two of these, the next day I didn't really feel the need to smoke anymore as my throat would get irritated sometimes and for some reason that was enough for me to want to quit. Never really believed in those exaggerated commercials and promos about smoking, almost always the examples being people in the 70's smoking 3 packs of unfiltered cigarettes daily. This type of shit actually was anti-motivational for me, I mean I was smoking reaaaaly light both in nicotine and in tar and smoke, barely left any smoke in rooms. Or another type of promo, showing how a live lung sort of kinda turns a bit dark after pumping hard cigarettes in it artificially. Now I don't know a single person chain smoking 20 cigarettes in a single puff withing 3 minutes. So I had some hard time finding any sort of motivation as I believed that It isn't that bad and alcohol is actually worst, still believe that. I won't go into that in this post though. 

My point is, I made some sort of list that made sense In my brain, made it in a sort of funny crude way as I usually make lists.

This is my silly list:

1.Smoking causes anxiety and high heart rate and doesn't actually relax, no more stimulants=no more anxiety ever (actually raised my HR by 20-35 BPM for awhile)

2.Smoking makes you cough, and when you quit you do it even harder

3.May irritate the throat

4.Damages the ciliated cells on the respiratory tract

5.May reduce life expectancy

6.Costs a bunch of moneys

7.Takes up a whole bunch of time of the day and stinks the place where I smoke and my breath and clothes and hands

8.Paying money for something that increases my health risks, tunes down immunity and may kill me earlier

9.When you do actually smoke, it doesn't really feel that good most of the time, just agitates the shit out of you

10.This shitty throat fucked whore feeling that I feel right now is not worth looking cool for people I don't even care exist (this is really silly, but actually a valid point in the society that I live)