When to stop smoking.

So my situation is a little complicated...

I smoke mainly because it lightens the mood between me and some of my closest friends allowing for better conversations, I like the physical feel of smoking, and it sometimes lessens my anxiety.

I started smoking tobacco from pipes, then pipes and cloves, then pipes cloves and cigarettes and now mainly just pipes and cigarettes.

One thing I've noticed is that after 5 or 6 puffs from a cigarette, I start to feel bad and I want to stop... Yet I still smoke around two a day usually at nighttime or after work. I think that smoking has a more physical effect on me than most. If I smoke more than one I actually feel bad physically and regret it. I feel like I can't get comfortable and it causes me to be more anxious.

Most weeks I won't even smoke every day, on average it's probably around 5 days a week.

Only around two weeks ago or so did I ever start to feel a craving to smoke though. It was a little scary. I pretty much know now that I'm addicted (though I can tell it's on a very low level). I stopped smoking for a week after I felt the craving, but around the fourth of July when I was back in town with all of my friends I smoked a few and I've been smoking 2 a day for the past few.

I guess I just want to hear from people who may have similar stories to me. I do want to quit, I just don't know when to do it. I really enjoy smoking with my friends, and I want to smoke with them while I can before we go our separate ways, but I'm afraid if I wait too long it will become exponentially harder to stop...

Yeah. So if anyone with more experience could tell me if I'm just totally off in my thinking please don't hold back.

I know that the technical best thing would be to just stop now, but while I'm living with the roommates I'm living with it's become something I really enjoy. Is it wrong to enjoy smoking? (*probably*)

I don't even really know what I'm asking, someone please just give me a story or advice.