Hey everyone, I need your help and all I need is your opinion.

Hey everyone, thanks for looking. There's a lot of text here but the basic question is a simple one: Is nicotine *that* strong of a substance that the urge to smoke will never, ever disappear? Context on the situation is below.
 
Once upon a time my father smoked cigarettes. Its been a while, probably 9 or 10 years ago now since I just turned eighteen, but he made himself quit while I was still very young. However, I distinctly remember playing around him when I was younger and seeing him smoke and thinking that the mist around him smelled really good- but he'd always shoo'ed me away or extinguished the thing if I got near him while he was doing it. I understand that I was young and that he wasn't perfect, but I think I might have inadvertently gotten myself addicted to nicotine and am only recently figuring it out- but still  having to battle the side effects of that until this very day. I can't even really remember any visual memories (weirdly I don't know why that is) insomuch as smells- particularly of Tobacco- which are by far the clearest and most distinct memories.

Even since then, I've always felt myself attracted to Cigs and only recently came up with the connection. The problem really resurfaced as I entered my late teens and started being re-exposed to the stuff for the first time. My close friends were really got a surprise when, considering how straight and controlled I am when it comes to other things, (which you could probably guess for teenagers) but really lose my cool around cigs. It was like, "How could you give me problems for doing X but not Y?" For the longest time I've tolerated my friend's personal habits because that was their decision, but smoking cigarettes is something that more than one friend has stopped talking to me over- they think I'm some kind asshole when the smoke of Tobacco seriously causes me issues.

Since about the time I was eight I've suffered from moderate anxiety, too. This anxiety resurfaces around Tobacco, particularly after I sop being around it. For the longest time what especially frustrated me about my anxiety is how it seemed to start at a very random times in my life... I didn't have a problem pulling my hair out when I was really young but my memory, which admittedly may be a little corrupted, always recalls that it started like a lightswitch. This throws other pullers for a loop who say that they've suffered form their OCDs their entire lives. Anyways, when I entered my early teens and tried to break that habit... that was when I finally understood how difficult of a task breaking a habit could be. For the longest time I called it my tick, because the seconds on the clock seemed to tick slower the more I resisted the urge to pull a single hair. Apparently smoking is by far the worst tick of any sort of habit because it literally alters your brain. 

If thats true I'm have a whole new appreciation to those who were able to quit. From what I researched this is very similar to those experiencing smoking withdrawals, and is not uncommon for people trying to quit to smoking to suffer from OCD-related issues. This made me wonder if my own anxiety was possibly connected to my young exposure to Nicotine- given that my dad ended smoking possibly around the same time my own anxiety started. In addition, given the extreme effects of Nicotine on Brain chemistry... 

Least to say, I was wondering if this was something I am just always going to have to deal with or if its something I'm going to have to fight for a long time and be sensitive about, or if its something thats a part of my crazy imagination.

Thank you again. Obviously I was very embarrassed to post this which is why I used a throwaway.