New found motivation for quitting, although I'm sure it's been said before

I recently had an epiphany. 

I've been smoking for just shy of two years. I never thought I would be a "smoker," but "just while I'm drinking" soon turned into owning my own pack and before I knew it I was almost a pack a day.

I have tried to quit in the past, for the usual reasons: it's obviously bad for my health, my SO wouldn't be happy about it, etc. And yes you read that right; my girlfriend doesn't know. I took up smoking ~2 years into our long distance University relationship and never thought it would get this far.

She visited me recently and, like every time she visits, I hide my cigs. I hide my lighters. I washed my clothes. I washed my sheets. I was living a lie. But ultimately it wasn't the lie that caused me to quit. It was the love she had for me and the knowing that my actions not only affected me, but they affected our future. More so, and more troubling in my opinion, they affected her. 

This woman loves me more than I can put into words. I have every intention of marrying her after University, but I may have thrown this all away the first time I smoked a coffin nail. 

So here I am, over a week clean, and I feel amazing. I feel free. I know the challenge isn't over yet, but I have put my heart into it this time. The thought of her holding my hand some 30 years from now as I lay helpless on a hospital bed breaks my heart. I never want to put her in that situation.

And like I said, I may have thrown away my relationship. She may leave me after I tell her a couple months from now what a royal piece of shit I was. I've got a rocky road ahead of me. But she has to know. Else, the guilt may drive me insane.

Thank you /r/stopsmoking for your support. I've been a lurker for quite some time now, but quitting was never seriously on my agenda. I've loved hearing your success stories, it gives me hope now that I have found my own reason for quitting. If you can't stop smoking for your own health, think of the love from those who love you: siblings, parents, friends, significant others.