Two Days, Getting Antsy and Needing Help.

Hey there /r/stopsmoking! I'm happy to finally be here. I need help quitting. I've been smoking since I was 14 socially. In the past two years (ages 17-19) I've gotten up to 5-7 cigarettes a day, or a pack every 4-5 days. Menthols were (are?) my thing. I've "quit" too many times to count. i can go a few days, or a week at most, without quitting. But then I get stressed with work or school, friends or family, or I binge a bit on Mad Men (damn you sexy smokers) and I run to my corner store (two houses down) and grab a pack of MacDonald Menthols and savour that heavenly, smoky nectar. 

Lately, my mental health has been dwindling. I'm in a nervous spiral downwards and it isn't pretty. I've decided to get my shit together. I've been going to the doctor and am upping my dosage of SSRI's. I'm going to see a therapist. I'm trying to improve my relationships with family and I'm trying to go out and see friends who I love despite really not wanting to leave my little cave. I've come to the realization that I need to quit smoking. It's a lovely, personal, little fire to tend and it's quite meditative, sure, but it makes me unhappy and unhealthy. I have gone two days without a smoke, but I'm getting antsy. I want one with every coffee, with every minor pang of anxiety, on my way to work, on my way home from work, when I sit outside, I want one whenever I sit on the patio... But I want to quit more. 

My family is supportive of my quitting because they hate my smoking. I constantly get the "We are not mad, we are disappointed" lecture from my parents. I don't live with my parents, but I am currently visiting them for a couple of months. They want me to quit, but I think they want me to quit cold turkey. I've tried that to no avail in the past. I asked my mum to pick up some nicotine gum because she was going to the store, but she didn't buy any and made no mention of forgetting. She might've forgotten, but it's more likely a passive aggressive move on her part. So, I have support (pressure?) to not be a smoker from my family, but no support in the actual quitting process. I have to keep myself as my motivator and primary support system. It will be hard, but with this sub and with the app I just downloaded (QuitNow!) I think I can do this.

My doctor recommended nicotine gum for my urges. So, I think I might go to the drugstore to pick some up. Would an e-cig be helpful? I thought that it might be similarly mediative and calming like smoking a real cigarette and a help with a smooth(er) transition into quitting. Any advice and words of wisdom will be incredibly appreciated. I need all that I can get since no one in my family has ever smoked, most of my friends currently smoke and don't wish to quit, and my other friends have never taken a puff before. Thanks for being here, /r/stopsmoking. You're needed and greatly appreciated :)

**TL/DR:** Nineteen-year-old smoker needs advice/support to quit smoking her 5-7 menthols a day, has tried the cold-turkey approach in the past to no avail, and is considering gum and e-cigs. Most friends smoke and encourage smoking, while family and a few friends are avidly against smoking. Advice and words of wisdom appreciated. :)
