How do you correctly help someone to quit smoking.

My mom has been a smoker for 45 years. Of these I've been sentient for about 18 years and I've tried many a ways to encourage her to quit.

*I think it's a problem of motivation and discipline.* I know that all smokers realize the health hazards of smoking, and i don't hold that past her. Over the years, shes taken a first step towards cutting back with a supplementary nicotine alternative (patch, gum, ecig) and also with some more holistic methods (hypnosis) and it seems that this mindset of cutting back only goes for a week or two. 

I think if she was more active the smoking would cut down, but shes in a poor place. She's been 'forcefully retired' for about 8 years now and a good 80% of her awake time is spent in a chair in a patio room smoking with an iPad in hand playing mindless CandyCrush-ish games. I believe that some of this behavior comes from depression but I also think she has bouts of laziness (that i also suffer from) which really hurt her. 

It doesn't help that as the night wears on, she drinks about 2 bottles of wine, and the smoking rate goes up, the games go longer, and her bedtime shifts to a very late hour, she often forgets to take her medication.

Her smoking has contributed to a very chronic strong cough that can come out from laughing too hard, moving too quickly. She also has sleep apnea which doesnt sound awesome combined with a chronic cough. 

Over the years I've tried many different support strategies. Regardless of the level of support I give her, her level of trying to actually quit smoking is very low. I've dug into her before frustrated about it and I try to explain the low points of it to her and she doesnt seem to hear it. It sometimes seems like her nicotine addiction is the most important thing to her in the world. 

It's gotten to the point where I am a very frustrated only child. The only person who fully understands what I go through is my dad, who continues to insist that we can only give her our support, even though this seems to means nothing to her. It hurts me to see her health go down like it, but I personally find smoking to be such a disgusting habit to be around that I can't stand it at times. If I walk into the room she's in and it's too boxed from multiple cigarettes, I become extremely uncomfortable and ask her to aerate a little more. She doesn't seem to notice this problem. 


Sorry this is a rant I don't really get this stuff out a lot and I'm sure this doesn't quite fit into this subreddit well. I heartily endorse all your guys efforts into your journey of quitting and hope that someday my family can find peace through a cessation of smoking. As many other people may have this sort of experience I dont want my lasting memories of my mother to be of arguments over smoking.  