24 hours down, the rest of my life to go

Hi everybody,

I'll start with a little context. I'm 23 years old and started smoking right when I turned 18. Now, I know in the context of this subreddit 5 years may not be significant but in the context of MY life it is quite significant. 
I really took quickly to smoking - started out with a few a day and within 6 months I was up to a half a pack. Before I knew it, I've been smoking a pack a day for the past 3 years. 

I've had two "successful" attempts at quitting before for girlfriends at the time. One lasted two months (and then lied for the rest of the year about staying off cigarettes) and the other, more recent, ex-girlfriend lasted several months (and then again, lied for the rest of the year of staying off cigarettes). Now with these "successful" attempts I was only successful for when I was directly accountable to someone i.e. I would see them every day. When my ex graduated and I was still in school I almost immediately relapsed.

That being said, here is where i am concerned. None of the following points are justifications for quitting and as someone who holds a neuroscience degree (not to try and sound pompous at all), I do understand better than most why the following points are true and the mechanisms for why they are true. To simplify, I understand very clearly why and how the nicotine tricks me into these thoughts. Despite this, these thoughts still exist.

So, my first reservation relates to my slightly depressed demeanor that I've been harboring for the past several years. From this depression grows my discontent with whatever surroundings I am in whether it be work, out with friends, or even just sitting alone in my apartment. I am always thinking about how wherever I am is not the place I want to be at the moment. These thoughts can range to the exotic "I wish I was in a foreign country" to simply "I wish I was spending time with so and so." The only time I feel like I am exactly where I want to be is when I am outside for a cigarette. For 10 minutes of my life I am where I want to be. Now, one could say this is caused by the level of endogenous nicotine in my system being lower than the normal person and as a result I need to get that external source to feel normal and content but I honestly don't believe that has to do with nicotine and is more at a personal level. I need to work on this on a different level from cigarettes but I'm afraid of how hard giving up smoking will be until I feel content with my surroundings.

Going along with this, I have somewhat social anxiety. I enjoy being out with friends but I really need a break. Especially at parties (which I tend to not enjoy as much as I should). At parties I would find myself spending almost as much time smoking outside than inside. Now, one could easily say that maybe I should go out to places where I enjoy spending time and even if you need a break, just step outside etc. etc. However, there is something about smoking while i'm outside and getting out of whatever scene i'm in that brings me inner peace. I interact better outside with other smokers or anyone else outside as it's a much more personal setting and I'm going to miss those moments. I don't know what i'm going to do. 

Additionally, I definitely struggle with delayed gratification. If I want something, want to buy something, want to do something - I need to do it RIGHT AWAY. This lack of delayed gratification disallows me from occasionally smoking because i know that once i have that thought in my head to have a cigarette, i WILL have it. 

Now why do I want to quit? My chest hurts when I wake up. It's costing me a fortune. I fly across country every week for business and with airports being as smoker-unfriendly as they are, this is torturous. I want to get into the shape I was in two years ago when i had stopped smoking. And, embarrassingly enough, I want to live well after the break up with my most recent ex and gain some comfort knowing that i haven't relapsed into my smoking habits and that I am strong. 

Cigarettes have become a huge part of my life. A huge way for me to cope with living. I don't know how I'm going to live the rest of my life without this luxury for the reasons I've explained above.

Anyways, that's my rant. I hope to be posting with a more positive update later on.