I have just had my last smoke and I am glad it's finally happening...

Just some background..

I tried my first cigarette at age 12, I am now 19..

I hadn't been properly smoking until I was about 16, when I got to college (UK here!) and now at university in my second year at 19.
I had started on maybe one or two a day at college, and then when I went to university it turned even worse. Sometimes it could be 5 a day, but never less, or even 20 a day, sometimes more. This was due to me being away from my parents and no one really around to tell me what I can and can't do, how many I could have and ultimately how much I could spend on them.

It certainly feels good to finally be getting off them. I will always stand by this but I never felt any wrong doing or any sort of physical problems any time I smoked, and one thing that no one regardless of how much bullshit people can tell me, I NEVER, EVER, had a bad cigarette.

I will always remember Christopher Hitchens' words.
"While it's being your best friend, it's also being your worst enemy"


The reason I've decided to quit is I recently signed up to a gym at my uni, I get it for free with my job working with the uni and so decided hey why not, I can get fit and I would feel less guilty of how many I smoked, I use to say in my head, inhale hard, work hard. But now more than ever I realize that smoking got in the way of my studies and the sole reason I had a reason for quitting was because every now and then I would get a little breathlessness while on the running  machine. And I knew then that smoking was taking a toll on my body, even though minute, I didn't want it to be any worse.

Not only that, but the cost has also been somewhat of a problem. My last pouch of tobacco was luckily imported so I got 50 grams for as little as £10 ($16.58) instead of about £18 ($28.18) And that only lasted me 6 days, this today being the final day.

I'm going on NRT (Nicotine Replacement therapy) and will be using the patches.

I think I'll be updating all of you now and then, especially with some of the resources that helped enforce my willpower to give it up, it's nice to see a community like this driven towards doing something good.


