7 Days. Not so bad. My story.

Today has been seven full days, as of this afternoon. I have been lurking here for a little while, and after [this thread](http://www.reddit.com/r/stopsmoking/comments/1mfeqz/to_everyone_lurking_this_sub_in_preparation_for/cc8urv3?context=3) here, felt that it was perfect timing.

I am 33, and started smoking fairly regularly about three years ago. Growing up, many of my friends smoked through high-school, but I always abstained. I'm a late bloomer in several categories, having my first beer at 22, and finally getting my V-card punched at 23.

But I never thought I would start smoking cigarettes. I partly did it because I was lonely at work, and going out to the "HR Free Zone" smoke shack was a nice catharsis to look forward to three times per day. Working at an office has its drawbacks, especially when you are stuck at your desk for most of the day, and things tend to get lonely after a while, even for an introvert like me. So going for a walk around the building on my break and having a cigarette, or smoking, spitting and casually swearing in the smoke shack has become a staple for me. But eventually it expanded to also smoking while I drive nearly everywhere, and smoking while I drink. 

Eventually enough was enough.

On September 7th, my close friend of 20 years passed away after battling colon cancer for nearly a year. It was really difficult watching him wither away. Many of us in our group of friends rallied around him and his family, doing what we could to support them in any way possible, much of which was just having conversation at his house. Beers were drank, conversations were had, and cigarettes were smoked. I don't regret any of it. But maybe one month before he died, I decided that I would quit cigarettes and drastically reduce my drinking after I've had some time to mourn his loss. So after he passed away, I did exactly that, chain smoked, and drank heavily and irresponsibly for a while.

What I realized is that I needed something positive to come from this losing a good friend to cancer business. Quitting smoking, partly inspired by him, has enough meaning for me that I know I can do it. I miss running. I used to run several times a week and 5k races for fun. All of that stopped, oddly enough, about three years ago.

So in quitting smoking, I will be replacing this bad habit with hopefully a good habit of running. Instead of smoking and spending money needlessly on one of the most pointless habits I can imagine, I hope to go for some runs and contemplate on my dear friends instead. It will be hard because I am generally drawn toward the negative, but if I don't actively try to create something positive out of this, I will only continue to spiral down into negativity.

So that is my story pretty much. I apologize for the grammar errors lack of editing I will do before clicking "Submit." I just wanted to share this with you all, here, because after lurking here for several months, I knew that this would be the place for me once I gave up the habit.

You all are so wonderful, and everyone here is so wonderfully supportive to each other, I know I am in the right place. Thanks for reading this and thanks for letting me use this space as a mind-dump.

edit: through my friend's life, and especially during his battle with cancer, his motto has always been "Strength and Honor". I plan to adopt this for me, not only for quitting cigarettes, but also as words to live my life by.