Become a non-smoker, not an ex-smoker

Don't count the days since your last smoke, as if each day was a medal. Non-smokers don't count the days they haven't smoked, and you're trying to become a non-smoker. 

You have to get inside the head of a non-smoker, imagine what it's like and then adopt their mentality. To a non-smoker, counting days without a cigarette would be about as relevant to them as counting the number of days they haven't had butt sex with a giraffe! Never gonna bum a giraffe so why count the days? I'm a non giraffe-fucker, so I'm never going even keep tabs on how long I'm going without fucking a giraffe.

I'm also a non-smoker. If someone asks, "Oh you quit! How long has it been?" I answer, "Oh, sometime in Spring, I don't remember when exactly."

But obviously you're not exactly like a non-smoker, you're a non-smoker who suffers from nicotine withdrawal, who occasionally has bizarre, passing urges to buy an overpriced plant to smoke and make yourself smell disgusting with. But these urges are passing, and as a non smoker you know they are external, alien feelings that only visit you because you were a smoker in a previous life. And as a non smoker you recognize that whilst such urges will stir up a struggle, you will ultimately have the power of choice every single time, and that power is more valuable in this fight than anything the urges throw at you. You are a non-smoker with the power to withstand the aftershocks and echoes from your past life.

Smoking wasn't even that great. We humans romanticize everything. Oh I miss high school. Wait a minute, it was fucking shit. Oh I miss my ex, oh wait she was a fucking nutter and that vague sense of dread I had with her is gone. Nice. 

Smoking was never that great. I was a month or two into being a non smoker enjoying a night on the town with some buddies. All of whom smoked. Couple pints in I caved and lit up a cigarette. It was *okay*. Really. Thought it would be fantastic, but it was pretty meh. So I haven't smoked since. 

I am a non smoker. Be like me. Don't "quit smoking", choose to become a non smoker.  