How I feel right now about smoking

I feel fairly chesty and slightly unwell at the moment. I’ve had a cough and been congested for around 2 weeks which isn't that uncommon for me. Not to overplay this as generally I’m fairly young and think I’m in reasonably good health other than the smoking - but right now I feel like I should try not to smoke at least for the rest of the day as it will just make my coughing worse. But think I probably will anyway as I have 3 left in my packet so will justify to myself that I may as well, it would just be a waste otherwise. After that I’ll no doubt buy another packet, in fact I really can’t see myself going the whole of the rest of today with only 3. I’ve already had 2 today and it’s not even midday yet.

I also think that if I don’t smoke today my chest and throat will probably feel a bit better tomorrow, which will allow me to justify to myself smoking again. I’m on holiday at the moment and I’ll be around my family, most of whom smoke and am also going to social events later in the week where loads of people will be smoking. I’ve been averaging about 20 a day since the holiday started.

I wish I could somehow encapsulate how I feel right now, and keep this particular frame of mind of wanting to stop, but I’ve had it before and I know it will pass, maybe even in an hour or so. There have been a few occasions in the past where I’ve had such a bad cough or sore throat that I’ve found myself pleading with myself to stop. I’ve also occasionally woken up in the night thinking my throat feels awful and that I wish I would stop, before going back to sleep. But a lot of the time there is just very little motivation in me not to smoke, and I’ll light up one after another. Thinking about wanting to stop also just stresses me out and makes me want to smoke.

I keep thinking about writing some very short mantra or something that I could keep in my wallet and look at to remind myself of this feeling, but that couldn’t really cover all my thoughts on this, which is why I seem to have spontaneously started writing this longer document. I’m writing it in a Google Doc so I can access it on my phone or anywhere, and as I think I’ll have things to add to it as time goes on.

I’ve just subscribed to the stopsmoking sub-Reddit and I’m posting what I’ve written so far as that will somehow formalise it and it would be good to hear people’s feedback on it. I only just started writing it this morning, not sure what made me do this now but I feel like this might be the start of my first serious attempt at quitting, and that this document will somehow be important in succeeding...
