I've almost quit, but my boyfriend has just started smoking, what should I do?

Hi, r/stopsmoking, I need some help.

I'm trying to quit smoking gradually due to my anxiety issues; in the past I've had anxiety attacks and depressive periods due to my attempts at quitting. I'm down to three a day at the moment. I'm a college student that has only been smoking for about a year, but I chain smoked (which helped tremendously with my anxiety issues), and I'm already seeing many short term effects on my health. I don't want to die early, reddit, and I'm sick of losing babysitting jobs and being smoke shamed by suburbanites.

Regardless, I love the act of smoking so much. I'm switching over to an e-cig, but it just isn't the same. My boyfriend, who has been one of my best friends since I started college two years ago, has asthma and has never smoked. However, he enjoys being around me while I smoke; his mother smokes, and he now associates the smell with me due to just how often I light up. We've been apart for the summer, and have seen each other a few times within the past few weeks. He's already very anxious due to his job search and home situation (constantly getting kicked out of his mother's house, she is an "nmom" for those of you who use /r/raisedbynarcissists) and has begun smoking because it "calms him down" and "reminds him of me". He bought a pack a few weeks ago before I saw him, promised that he wouldn't buy another and that it was just a temporary thing claiming that he wouldn't be able to afford a smoking habit, and just kept buying packs.

My ex was a chainsmoker, which made it near impossible to quit. Whenever he lit up a cigarette, I had a difficult time not joining him; it's one thing not to smoke with a stranger or even a friend, but there's something so great about just taking a moment to stop and smoke with your partner. If I'm around him often and he's smoking, there's no way I'll be able to keep myself smoke-free when the upcoming semester rolls around. 

What should I tell him? I've asked him to stop, and given him "soft" ultimatums like "it will be very difficult for me to hang out with you if you keep smoking, I'm serious about quitting", but he just isn't budging. He said "Babe you're being a little overboard about this. You're at far more risk than I am and your health has clearly been affected by it and ie never confronted you about your smoking like this. I've said before I plan on dropping this toward the end of summer just let me have it till then." That's not how it works, though. This is how I started. You don't just "drop it toward the end of the summer". 

What should I do?