1 year free, but still more work to do

Today is my 1-year anniversary being smoke (and tobacco and nicotine) free! It feels great! The story of how I quit doesn't include any great advice, and I'll sort of tell it now but keep it relatively short. 

"Quick" background about me: I started smoking when right around when I turned 21 and quit 4 years and 11 months later. I think I kind of had it in my mind that I wanted to stop before I had been a smoker for 5 years. Then again, before that I had a goal of not smoking by the time I reached age 25, so I don't think the goal thing really matters (your goal should be to quit NOW obviously). My longest streak of not smoking before this was 32 days, but at that time I smoked weed religiously (and more so while not smoking cigarettes). During my nearly 5 years of smoking, I smoked on average about 7 cigarettes per day (more while out drinking), and it's possible that because I never smoked "a lot," it was easier for me to quit. Having said that, I was addicted just like anyone else.

I really wish I had some good advice, but when I quit, it was just kind of a fluke that it stuck with me. Basically on my first day I didn't smoke because I had a terrible hangover that lasted all day long. I ended up going 5 days before I drank again. Usually the thing that ended my smoke-free streaks was drinking, and being around others who smoked (usually while drinking). The next time I drank, I somehow didn't have the urge to smoke, though at that moment I didn't know that I was going to continue to be smoke free--I wasn't really trying to totally quit. Withdrawal wasn't really noticeable, probably because I wasn't a "heavy" smoker and I was keeping myself very busy with work and such. But yeah, it just kind of continued like that and, after 2 weeks, I was pretty sure that I was finished smoking altogether. I am able to hang out with people who smoke (including my girlfriend who smokes 3 to 5 times per day) and I have rarely had cravings since! I know some people say that it's painful for the rest of your life--that it's an ongoing battle--but I think everyone is different. I really hope more people can quit and will stop having cravings like me (but not need a massive hangover as motivation). I'm really very proud of my progress, and it's gotten to the point where I've had a number of dreams where I smoked and then thought "oh no, what the hell have I done?!" (haha).

So where do I go from there? I'm an alcoholic who, since quitting smoking, has only gotten worse (to the point I can drink an entire fifth of vodka per day). I now drink all day long (even while at work, which is where I'm at now) and it affects my life much more profoundly than smoking ever has. I started seeking treatment recently and I will attend my first session with a therapist today. I wish I could just quit drinking like I did smoking, but I don't want to wait around for that day to come and I'm taking action before drinking takes my life (sorry, that sounded kind of like a motivational poster or something, haha). I was able to quit smoking weed over 3 years ago and cigarettes 1 year ago, and I hope a year from now I'll be posting a similar success story in /r/stopdrinking.

Sorry, that was way longer than I intended it to be. I wish everyone the best of luck in reaching your goals! Thanks for being such a great community.