50-Day Check In!

Checking in to give hope to all you newbies out there!
I smoked 15 a day for nearly 16 years. I tried cutting down numerous times and got stuck in the horrible circle of cutting down, getting stressed, smoking more and feeling like crap about myself, feeling more stressed so smoking more... You get the idea!

51 days ago I had enough of that, I got myself a Smoke Free app, signed up to this Reddit (for accountability and encouragement) and a daily home yoga practice and got rid of all my smoking stuff and made the decision that THIS WAS IT! The next day I did it. I just fought those cravings off as they came, one by one, sometimes I'd literally be shouting at them to "f*** off!!!" (Which actually feels pretty good). I hated myself at times that week, I felt moody and angry for no reason, I felt like a crappy parent and spouse. But I hung in there and I'm so glad I did. I have caved so many times in the past because I couldn't cope with who I thought I was becoming through withdrawal - man I wish I'd stuck it out before! After a week I could notice that it was subsiding, just a bit day by day. After 2 weeks I was like WOW! I'm actually doing this, I was walking further and with more ease and was sleeping better and starting to feel more like myself again. After 3 weeks I started to have days when I no longer even thought about smoking! I genuinely felt like an ex-smoker. I have passed the 8 week mark now and in my head I've graduated to non-smoker. I feel so excited by the thought that I'll never have to go through that withdrawal again - there is literally nothing about smoking that I miss now, in fact I feel as though I've gained so much by not having smoke in my life. I feel free! 

So to all you guys struggling through those first days and weeks - HANG IN THERE! It will get better, and you can do this. You are better than an addiction, stronger than an impulse, and on your way to a hugely improved quality of life that you will never regret. 

TL:DR: Smoker of 15 p/d for 16 years. First stages of withdrawal are hard and will test your resolve but if I can do it, so can you. Hang in there - it's worth it!