Looking for advice, tips, stories, general encouragement and mythbusting

It seems like most of the posts i read on here are primarily sharing success checkpoints and declarations of a quit date. They're certainly encouraging on their own but to those of us struggling to make the commitment like myself, i'm wondering if anyone wants to share a little more.

The urge to quit has been strongly swirling inside of me lately, but my inner-saboteur holds me back from taking the plunge of the first step and actually doing it. I have made quit attempts in the past, none lasting more than three days or so. Read Allen Carr's easy way in the past and it did wonders that i definitely did not expect. recently picked up a pocket sized editions of just concise points which got the ball rolling but didnt quite have the same effect. I didn't expect the change from reading the easy way the first time. and now that i know the magic, i'm worried a re read wont work quite the same way.

I started smoking around 12 (23 now) I only smoke about half a pack a day. Which is more than previous years. Seems like i smoke way more after the attempts to quit than i did before i was worked up over it. If i don't quit soon i can see myself easily becoming a pack a day smoker and then greater rapidly. I have the idea that by quitting, my life will change in many ways other than being dependent/congested all the times. Hoping for more energy, endurance, and motivation.

My self control is pitiful, though improving slowly. So its been hard to really make the leap. Especially living with my mother who is a heavy smoker.
 Can anyone shed some light or advice on taking the steps? Maybe share some success stories describing after affects mental/physical?  All i need is a slight push to motivate me in the right direction. I am teetering on the start line.

edit: its been a while since i've been on here so i hadn't reset my badge. doing so now. I guess its been 69 days since my last attempt to slay the beast.