To my fellow quitters

It has been 4 days since I had my last cigarette. I can feel the pain, phlegm, and cough in my lungs. It remindes me of the dreadful experience that is about to come.

I have been smoking for 2 years but I stopped before the first year mark for 8 months. The natural process of my body removing the foul chemicals that I have been inhaling was brutal. Every cough was like a knife jabbing into my poor soul. The only remedy was to sleep the hurt away for it does not encompass only in the lungs but in my whole body. 

There wasn't a day in those 8 months that I didn't miss smoking. I came to the point of buying two packs and throwing it away because the taste of the cigarette repulsed me. I became proud of myself.
Yet, I started again a few months ago when the pressure of my problems and depressions were overwhelming. 

The lighting of a stick ignited a spark in my heart once again. A spark that was dormant. It fully ignited when I inhaled the smoke of disgust and love. It reminded me once again of the power it has on me. It gave me a temporary oblivion to my problems. And when the effect has evaporated, I have to light one again so I can forget.

The journey of quitting is a perilous journey. You guys know what I'm talking about because we are all in the same phase. 

I have been crying the second day and I have been sleeping my dejection away. I was thinking too much of unusual problems. But I have to stop this addiction. It is bittersweet because it provides me hollow joy and pain.

I have to face my problems like a warrior. Warriors are gallant and full of might. They gather every ounce of strength regardless of the wounds that have been inflicted on them. They stand with their heads up high.. proud in front of their enemies.

It is time for us to stop tucking away our problems in a corner with the light of a cigarette. It is time to face it head on without the aid of a disgusting man-made carcinogen. Because every inhale of a smoke lets the grim reaper take away a minute in our lives with his scythe. Adding those up are years that we should be spending in discovering ourselves and loved ones.

This journey is to ameliorate. We are warriors.