This is Aimed at the Younger Quitters Here

I started smoking on and off when I was 12, and by the time that I got to university I was smoking over 15 a day. Now I know that that's not much compared to a lot of long-term smokers, but for a 19 year old man it's certainly not good. University was also when I met possibly the highest concentration of smokers in my life. It was all around me. My housemate let me smoke in her room, so I'd get through even more. The place was a mess, and after a beer or two if I needed one and if I were out of rizla, I'd crawl around the floor looking for some, or smoke cigarettes that I'd put out a few days ago if I thought that enough was left for a couple of drags. Doing this just made me feel disgusting, and I realised how dependent I'd become on this habit.

During the Christmas holidays after my first semester of first year, I decided to stop completely. Yeah it sucked at first, considering how many people at UK universities smoke, but it wasn't very difficult by any means if you know that it's what you really want. I noticed the benefits almost immediately: when friends who I would previously smoke with would have a fag on a lecture break and return to the lecture theatre, I realised that I could smell the stale smoke almost as soon as they walked in. It has never really occurred to me that that's what I had smelled like for the previous seven years. I began coughing up less mucus, running for longer in my 5-a-side football team, and honestly felt a bit foggy in my head.

I know that not everyone finds it easy to quit, and I'm lucky that I had a girlfriend who supported me, giving me that extra bit of motivation to succeed where my other attempts had failed. Yeah I still had cravings for a while, seeing everyone around me doing it, but they passed, and now if a cloud of smoke is breathed onto me I begin to feel sick. As a student, stopping smoking has saved me time, saved me money, but most importantly, it's saved my life. I hope that this helps anyone at university or a similar age. Thanks for reading.