Here's my plan. Need advice, unusual circumstances.

Ok so I have smoked for 25 years I started when I was 12 it will be officially 25 sometime over the next couple of months. I've quit and failed for about a year combined I've made 3 serious attempts and failed. I quit for about 2 months 15 years ago on zyban then for 4 months 2 years ago on champix, that stuff drove me bat shit crazy. and one month about a year ago, zyban again. here is the  unusual for part. I have bipolar disorder so we have learned that zyban and champix are not an option I can't take it either for much more then 3-4 weeks or I start going batshit crazy and 3-4 weeks isn't long enough for the drug to be long term effective. Any longer then a month my emotions get all over the place, my favorite example: Me a 37 year old man had to use every ounce of strength I had not to start crying when Aris dies in final fantasy 7 a game that's 15 years old and I've played through at least 3 times. Yeah it's ok to laugh at that, I do.
 
~~Stage 1:~~ Stop drinking Pepsi. Smoking and pepsi are one in the same they go together. I have 3 weeks in of 0 Pepsi I used to drink 2+ Liters a day. No smoking in my apartment I've removed all ashtrays and I keep my smokes lighters by the balcony door to avoid any temptation. The inconvenience of going outside reduces the amount I smoke I'm down to approximately 8-12 a day.

Stage 2: Stop drinking Coffeh! I have one Large regular coffee in the morning and if I drink anymore during the day it's decaff I want to get to decaff only reducing my caffeine to nearly nothing, then maybe no coffee at all. 

Stage 3: Introduce vaping/smoking here is where I need advice I have to order that shit online I don't want to spend money then hate the brand I chosen, any and all advice is welcomed. Where I smoke so few a day I don't believe the patch is ideal for me, I may end up with more nicotine in my system than I usually get by smoking. oh and I figure it may be best to vape outside as well, no sense reintroducing bad habits.   

Stage 4 ??? Quit!

If I can get to vaping only I would be pretty happy with that but I'm not so sure e cigarettes are going to be around forever there seems to be a bit of controversy with them. So any way what y'all think? any advice? recommended modifications to my plan?