Almost 200 hours smoke free! My experience.

Back story: 


I was a smoker for 2 years since literally the day I turned 18. My dad always smoked, clouded up the house. I remember it being so bad the living room would be clouded with smoke. Our walls in the house were originally white. They turned deep yellow. Started dating my current boyfriend when I was 16, who had been smoking since he was 14, and since I was so used to being around smoke from my chain-smoker dad, it was somewhat of a comforting smell on his clothes and his breath. Thought it looked sexy seeing him do it. 
Once my curiosity got the best of me, so I took a hit off his cigarette, and got my first (and only)  nicotine high. At that point I didn't start smoking, this was probably when I was 17ish.
The day I turned 18 I decided I wanted to have my birthday at a hookah bar and got a pack of cigarettes. Worst mistake of my life.
I thought I looked more adult this way? We're too lame of a couple to celebrate an 18th birthday at a night club or something, so that was my way of celebrating my legal age. Still living at home, I hid it from my parents a while. My boyfriend had a blu e-cig that I would use, i would go on walks around the neighborhood just to smoke, and spray perfume to mask the smell when I returned. So I eventually came out about it. My dad and I were garage smoking buddies, we actually bonded because I never actually just sat and talked with my dad. My boyfriend and I's friend circle all smoke, and we'd all have to go out and smoke together. I had gotten to 15 cigarettes a day, and started putting out a smoking budget. One day I was smoking a cigarette and it dawned on me how stupid it is. Its a lot of money to slowly kill myself. Constantly worried about money to buy cigarettes. Probably spending more than $100 a month on cigarettes. It was pretty ridiculous I felt I had to smoke AS MUCH AS POSSIBLE before work and on breaks. I wouldn't eat even though I was starving just to smoke. 

I started my quitting journey Sunday, August 2. I weaned down starting from 5 cigarettes a day to 0 that Friday. I had already had a vape so I used that to fill the empty space that would have been smoking. 

I started conditioning myself using two hairbands that I would snap HARD on my wrist every time I smoked. I'm not sure how much that helped. 
I cheated on my budget once. 
My boyfriend and my friends are very supportive. There were times I wanted one badly and he talked me down saying things like "its not worth it, its not going to satisfy you, you'll just feel regret and shame. You don't need it." 

I saw things like eating very spicy candy to help curb cigarette cravings, so I got a box of hot tamales. One wasn't quite enough, so chewing two at once really did the trick. 

I had tried to quit before, but this time it wasn't about money, it was because I wanted to, badly, I'm very determined to never touch a cigarette again. Since I was still using nicotine in the vaporizer, I thought my withdrawal was sort of strange. I had head rushes, I bit my lips a lot, i fidgeted, A lot of people who quit find they start over-eating. I didn't want to eat, I was practically starving myself. I'd take a few bites of a sandwich and start picking it apart and throw it out. But as the amount I smoked a day rapidly decreased, so did my cravings (which i tracked with the livestrong app). I started coming in way under budget just cause I wanted to quit faster. 

Here are some things I realized: 