I can still smell it on my fingers...

Hello. My name is Snowflake, and I'm a smoker. 


I've been around cigarettes since basically day one, both of my parents were heavy smokers and both are currently heavy drinkers while only one is still a smoker. My parents got divorced when I was 5 but I spent equal amounts of time with both of them, somehow I remember more of being around my father.
I had my first whole cigarette at 14, in 8th grade, when I became friends with the 'bad crowd'- I still remember that night, I also had my first experience with weed that night, but not my first beer. After a short time, I ended up stealing packs from my mom's carton and would take an alternative route home from my bus so I could have a couple of smokes before I went home. I kept the packs hidden in my backpack and would dose myself in perfume and lotions to hide the smell. This continued throughout high school, a few breaks without cigs and a constant storm of them stolen from my dad's pack. 
Fast forward a few years, I picked up the habit and dropped it a few times. I lived with my mom for a year and lived with my dad for much longer. My dad is the one who still smokes to this day, despite having some serious illnesses. My mom quit almost 7 years ago, but her emotional problems persist still. We don't speak to each other, for many other reasons. 




In December of 2011 I was diagnosed with a blood clot in my lungs. I guess the X Ray showed a couple of them, I had gone to the emergency room with severe chest pains and was coughing up blood for a few weeks (I had a really bad cold before this and was really naive about the blood, thinking it was just from the constant coughing) but it got to the point where I couldn't breathe without the feeling of a thousand needles in my chest. I spent 4 days in the hospital. While I was in the hospital, I realized that in December of 2010 my dad burst into my room, barely able to speak because one of his lungs had collapsed. He jokes to this day that he had called in to work before he called 911 (He's a bus driver and has been for about 6 years). When the paramedics came they asked me a few questions and the subject of both my dad's and my smoking habits came up. The paramedic said 'You better quit smoking or we will be back here wheeling you out.' His words struck me when they were, in fact, the same group of paramedics that came to my house when I was in near death for my blood clot. Almost exactly a year later. My dad had spent nearly a week in the hospital for his incident and me for 4 days, costing us about $50,000 total. Somehow my hospital fees got discharged, and I thank God every day because I don't know where we would be if they had charged us everything. Currently we don't owe the hospital anything.


After that incident, I stopped smoking for probably a good year and a half. I broke my back on May 13, 2012, and after that I started again because I had no other methods of coping except for drinking (Another family blessing). I have been smoking pretty consistently since then and I moved back in with my dad in October 2012. Ever since I moved back in with him I probably smoke more than half a pack a day, but not a whole pack. My dad rolls his own cigarettes and it costs way less than buying packs, but at the same time it's having some major conflicts to my health and just being around my dad makes it harder. He's a very depressed man and drinks a lot, and it causes me to drink and smoke more since I can't afford to be on my own yet. Basically I'm digging my own grave. 

Just so you know I am open to tough love, I try to give it to myself but I end up talking shit about myself and it all backfires. I just want some help so I can quit this nasty habit once and for all. I've quit before, but currently I have a skin issue that is stemming from the fact that I can't stop smoking. Please help me, Reddit. You're my only hope. 