Don't kid yourself: e-cigarettes are not helpful.

Hi everyone, I'm proud to say I quit smoking last Sunday.

I was tobacco-free for close to a year. I first quit by will power. Recently, I sampled an e-cigarette at a party, and found myself craving one a few days later. I figured it couldn't hurt. "It's just nicotine vapor," I told myself, and "I won't smoke it very often." I didn't recognize the "just one" fallacy I was committing.

Fast forward a month and I was a frazzled, nicotine-dependent mess. See, you can smoke an e-cigarette in your car or bedroom without stinking it up. You can take a quick drag in the bathroom and no one has to know. In fact, I would hit it in all sorts of public indoor non-smoking places, like the grocery store. You don't have to wait for an entire cig to burn, you can take one drag and put it back away. They're cheaper than cigarettes. They taste better, they're not as harsh, and you can change the flavor at will. There's no butt to throw away. Where cigarettes were a hassle, e-cigarettes were perfectly convenient, in every conceivable way, except maybe charging.

Easily accessible, cheap, pure nicotine boosts? The end result is that I was ten times as nicotine-dependent as ever before in my life. I tried to wean myself off the e-cig, but it wasn't happening. Every day I had it, I increased usage by some tiny amount. It was getting ridiculous.

So one day, I threw away the infernal thing, and the flavored nicotine water gel shit I still had left. I waited until garbage day, so I couldn't dig through the trash later when I wanted to smoke. I watched the garbage truck take it away...and that's when I knew I had a problem. My nicotine cravings were insane. I wasn't ready for it. Panicked, I went for a run to calm my nerves. I didn't plan it, but I found myself purchasing cigarettes at the gas station. I rationalized and made promises to myself and fell right back into being a "confirmed smoker," just like I was before. E-cigarettes brought me into the pattern stronger than ever before. I never used to smoke more than half a pack a day, but within a few days I was smoking more than one pack every day, trying to achieve the same crazy nicotine levels of the e-cigarette.

How did I quit again? I read Easy Way, and I quit my own way. So far, so good. This subreddit has been helpful. Thanks guys!

**TL;DR It is my personal opinion that e-cigarettes won't help you quit. They just re-enforce all aspects of the addiction, make it easier to smoke, and in my case made me revert back to cigarettes for a while.**

Edit: OK, if e-cigarettes help you, that's great! To me they were many times more addictive than cigarettes. Maybe it's weird to get off e-cigs by smoking normal cigs, but that's what I did, and quitting cigarettes was really easy by comparison. I don't mean to disparage. Go forth! Stop smoking! Do what you want! I do mean to warn that if you're like me, you'll get super hyper addicted to e-cigs. Thanks.