First serious attempt. What keeps you from giving in during the first couple of days?

In the dozen times I've noncommittally told myself I was going to quit, I've usually been able to last about a week before I get hit sidelong by an urge that feels like it's taking over my body. It's actually kind of scary. 

It usually happens when I'm coming back from work. I'm exiting the building, waving bye to all of my co-workers, and then I'm left alone for about 5 minutes as I walk over to the subway. This is a path I trace everyday. There's no way to avoid it. 

There's a convenience store right next to the entrance of the subway, and that's usually where I would buy my cigarettes. Every time I make it a week or so, there will come a point in which, as I'm walking back from work, a craving hits (probably because it was such a matter of routine) and my mind starts reeling with justifications. It's amazing, the type of stuff your body will attempt to force upon you in search of nicotine. 

I would think: "that girl over there is smoking, and judging by her looks, demeanor, and attitude, it seems as if she's doing perfectly well. Cancer doesn't seem like something that would fit into her life narrative. If it's not hurting her, what harm could it possibly do to me?" 

I would think: "Clearly I'm the type of person who's going to need to taper off nicotine consumption. Cold turkey doesn't have the best success rate; I'm sure it'd be better if I just reduced my intake gradually." 

I would think: "I'm stressed, and the type of stress that is plaguing me now would cease to torment me as virulently as it currently does if I were to smoke a cigarette." 

There are so many more thoughts like this, and they're all so easily dismantled once you're thinking straight, but the overall idea is that the trip back home from work is one of those places in which cravings snipe me with a formidable K/D ratio. I really want to quit and this trip is usually the graveyard for those aspirations, so I've decided that I really need to do something about it. 

Guys, is there any way you've found to de-program things like this? The advice I'm trying to put into play right now is "tough it the fuck out," and I'm waiting to see if I can keep that up. Any ideas in the meantime are absolutely welcome :)