My boyfriend smokes while drunk, unsure what to do?

Hey all! I really hope this post doesn't come across as offensive or anything, as I'm not a smoker and don't want to annoy anyone.

My boyfriend quit smoking when we started dating, and was good for a few months. Smoking is something that really bothers me, mostly because of the smell and taste when kissing him.

He quit and would text me sometimes when drunk saying he wanted a cigarette, and we'd talk and he'd stop himself from doing it. About 3-4 months after quitting, he started smoking while drunk. He doesn't have cravings while sober, and when drunk he really wants to smoke. 

It has caused a lot of tension in our relationship, as I really don't like it when he smokes...he says he's only a "social smoker" and smokes when drunk. We fight when it happens (I know it's really dumb, and I'm being controlling and should probably just let him smoke). I get knots in my stomach when I think about him smoking...I'm not sure if this is because a previous boyfriend lied to me while smoking and it triggers me, but it really bothers me a lot.

I looked through this forum a few times, reading the posts about people who have cravings while drunk. Ultimately, though, I'm guessing I can't get him to want to stop smoking - the only way it can happen is through his own volition and desire to completely stop. He considers himself having "quit" smoking (used to do half a pack a day), but it doesn't seem like he has quit since he smokes while drunk.

EDIT: So tonight he wanted a "night off" and stuff because he thought I'd get mad at him for smoking...he came over before going out and wanted the night off. He wanted to just smoke and bond with his roomies like he used to, because smoking was the way he could talk with them and stuff (sounded like an excuse to me, as you can talk with people without smoking). I assured him I wouldn't get mad at him for smoking and all, and we were about to leave and he told me he had a pack of cigs and was going to smoke on our way over. It didn't make sense to me, since he knows I hate it - why would he smoke when it's just the two of us? It became clear that he wanted the night off because he bought the pack of cigs earlier and planned on smoking them. 

I guess I'm posting here to ask for feedback on what the most useful thing a S/O can say to a partner who smokes? I'm guessing I need to not pressure him to stop smoking while drunk, even though it really bothers me. What helps from an S/O? Is it a lost cause to try and ask him to stop smoking while drunk if that's what he wants to do? After realizing he bought the pack and then asked for the night off, I don't know what to do. It's clearly a barrier in our relationship....just don't know what to do.

I really hope this isn't an offensive post or anything - I want to do what's best for him and our relationship, and would love any input you might have! 