After 7 years of smoking pot, Im finally quitting. Here's how. 

Edit; apparent r/leaves is for quitting pot and this for cigarettes. Don't care; not moving my post    :) It applies to cigarettes anyway.

Iv been smoking pot since I was 12, and it has been nearly 7 years of nonstop stone. I live close to Canada and so Iv been smoking world class BC bud which makes pot seem almost like a REAL drug. You've never been stoned until you've had BC bud.

Anywho, Iv gone a week and successfully went 38 hour without pot, smoked half a joint, 43 hours without pot, a small bowl, and now Im 17 hours from my next goal of 48 hours on the dot. 

Its been really rough as pot is a painkiller, and Iv been sore in every place in my body ever since Iv started quitting. My sleep is awful and I cried a few times (mostly out of exhaustion and pain). Drinking coffee is the worst; makes me want to smoke every time. My cigarette consumption has skyrocketed (although Im expecting it to go back down) Im a good headspace but I know that if things take a bad turn; Il be a grumpy ass bastard to the max.

So, how did I do it? Every morning I go for the breath of fire. I go outside in the freezing cold morning and hack up as much tar as I can (getting my blood pumping as I do) and that starts my day off really well. I make sure to do this before my morning cigarette so that my lungs aren't swollen as I do it. Breathing better helps.

You will be rather grumpy. The best thing you can do is just try to stay busy and ignore the cravings. Its hard at first but its all a matter of brain training. Whenever you have a craving, ignore it. However possible. Walk, run, write, sing, box, whittle, whistle, do whatever you like ^^ Just get your mind off of a it and in a few minutes the craving WILL pass. At first this will be very hard; but after three or four days your mind begins to get into the habit or ignoring the habit. It will start trying to distract ITSELF and it takes less effort and less time to accomplish. 

Stay near people. Alone is when we fail. One good tip for NOT being a dick while feeling like one is to talk softly- very very softly and only say positive things. DO NOT have fights (walk away being called a coward if you have to) because you won't be thinking clearly anyway and you will more often then not make an ass of yourself. Even if its a valid fight; while quitting is not the time to do so.

And this is most important part. Push yourself, but DO NOT push yourself too hard. If you are the kind of person who will literally burst into tears, attack someone, or hurt yourself (or anything similar) then go as far as you can. Then wait another hour. After that hour if you still feel like smoking your pot then do it. It sounds like failure; but heres the secret. If you can actually resist the urge to smoke for longer than your brain is used to; you will want less of it. When finally you break down and smoke your pot (so long as you ARE pushing yourself as far as you can go) then you will find you need less than you thought you did. This will make you proud you will likely put down the pipe out of your own free will.

Reiterated: Push yourself, but DO NOT push yourself too hard. It really is better to go 24 hours without pot, smoke a half a joint and feel better. Go 30 hours without; smoke half a joint. Go 40 hours without, smoke half a joint. Soon you will find your going at least a day with zero problem, and when you do want your pot you only want less than half a joint. Also; the pain of quitting outright will make the entire process very difficult. Taking that pain away will give your body a chance to rest and make the next round of detox easier. Trust yourself, if your ready to quit then you will find the right way.

Eating right. Lean chicken, veggies. Lean steak, veggies. Rice, not potatoes. Eggs, not cheese (okay, maybe a little cheese XD). Lots of milk, lots of juice. It really helps to have breakfast every day because when your hungry you crave smoking nonstop. Further more breakfast will give you the energy which pot 'stimulates' in you normally. Eggs are a fantastic way to start off the day; I have either and omelette or bacon and eggs for breakfast every morning. Go for the high-energy low-density foods and you WILL have fewer cravings. (eggs, meat, fruit, whole grains and LOTS of water). Stay full. The hungrier you are the more you will want to smoke. 

Physical activity is hugely important. It cycles toxins through your body and generates energy like an engines puts electricity into your cars battery. No exercise, no energy. It also releases natural painkillers (and happiness drugs like seratonin and dopamine) which makes you feel high. If you REALLY want pot and you REALLY DONT want pot; go for a run and push yourself harder than you think you can. Trust me my friends; you will get plenty high. Lastly; exercise makes you proud of yourself and gives you something to do. Two things a pot-head trying to quit are usually in need of.

Stay away from vices when possible. Coffee drinkers should try to drink LESS (though cutting it out all together is not necessary). Alcohol will make you crave and crave hard so avoid it if you can. Sugar will make you crave and so instead of that cocacola, drink a water. That will also help push toxins out of your body. Fat also; but don't cut out fat just extra fat. Videogames will make you inactive and cause your body to crave the natural pain killers of physical activity i.e. make you want to smoke pot, if thats what your used to. If you find this happening then get up and get your heart pumping for 5 minutes (yes, 5 whole minutes). Your craving will be gone.

Sleep is going to be an issue; you will want to sleep a lot but you will have trouble doing it. DONT sleep all day; that will make you feel worse than ANYTHING else you can do. But- don't sleep too little. I don't need to explain that one. If your having trouble sleeping then try drinking ONE glass of wine and taking two painkillers. That should at least take the edge off. Also, physical activity will make you tired enough to fall asleep with little issue. Get a massage, have some sex, or even take a sleeping pill if they work for you.

Remember that when times are hard there are people you can reach out to. If you are below the age of 19 you can call kids help phone ANYTIME, as many times as you want (1-800-668-6868) its Canadian but toll free so make sure to dail international and you will not be charged. Otherwise call a friend, call your mom, even walk into town, find someone who looks bored and start a conversation by saying 'Hi there- Im try to quit smoking and I really need someone to talk to. Have you got a minute?'. Reach out for help and you will get it.

Iv got this in the bag. I feel really good. If anyone would like some encouragement or advice, hit me up
