Recent experience summary and commentary; 3 weeks free on a 10 year habit.

Hello folks,

Recently I have been able to put down cigarettes for approximately 3 weeks, which for me is a great starting point.  I wanted to share the experience with you, talk through some of the things that helped me, and also offer up some questions from other former smokers.

So, a tiny bit of background - I've smoked for almost 10 years now, and I'm in my late 20's; Started in high school, and when I left for college it persisted... Cue graduate school -- between writing my thesis and weighing job interviews and the great expanse of the unknown, I was smoking 2-3 packs a week and not feeling bad about it.  After all, my life was stressful, and I had a lot of things to do; why couldn't I address my stress in a way that I chose?  (I was a bit of a brat!!)

A few years ago I got my first job and moved across the country, far from all of my friends and family.  I was on my own, a little lonely, but surviving.  My days and weeks were chaotic; working odd hours (12 PM - 12 AM) didn't help, and my sleep schedule was terrible, sleeping until 2 or 3 in the afternoon on weekends.  Eating habits were terrible (waffling between not eating anything for fear of becoming overweight, and binging fast food and take out because I was too exhausted to do anything otherwise).  And then there were the smokes.. Over these past couple years, I upped the habit one more, averaging about 3-4 packs per week; my excuses weren't standing too strong at this point... this was the normal slog that all working adults do, should I really have to nurse this habit?  My wallet was starting to whine as well...

Last month I took the first full week off of work since I began; it was glorious!  I spent time with my family, my adorable little nephew, and just relaxed.  During all visits home, I never smoked in front of my family; certain members would be furious/crushed, and I just couldn't bear it.  For this whole week, I did not smoke any cigarettes at all. When I got back, I purged the butts in my ashtray, and threw away all of the empty boxes laying around my chronically messy place.  Fast forward 3 weeks, and I'm feeling more energetic, more wealthy, and surprisingly less stressed(?!).  Okay, so that was more than a little bit of background, sorry.. :)

-------------
Things that helped catalyze my current situation:

There were a number of... mental games I played with myself during pretty much my entire smoking career.  These things, once I became aware and very focused on them, actually helped me in the mental step of letting go.  I am *very* curious as to whether others experience them as well:

#1.  I -never- paid for cigarettes with cash.  Only plastic, ever.  The thought of paying with cash was not even an option.  Swiping a card is so easy.  This is something that applies to many types of purchases, but put your credit card down for a week and pay for everything via cash... It's harder to hand over those bills than it is to swipe a flimsy piece of plastic.

#2.  I -ALWAYS- bought cigarettes with something else.  Maybe a coffee, maybe a redbull, maybe a candy bar or a bottle of smartwater.  I would not be caught only buying cigarettes.  Why?  Well, I think this one is rooted in perception.  Oh no I'm not pulling over at that gas station to get cigarettes, obviously I needed a refreshing beverage.  Oh, and I should get cigarettes too while I'm at it.  The truly fucked up thing about this is that every purchase that I ever made was approximately 20% higher because of this fact.  Those numbers really start to add up when you put them on paper..

#3.  I would completely waste my schedule, in order to ensure I did not run out of cigarettes.  This included running out to 24 hour gas stations, or convenience stores, in the middle of the night maybe even on a work night.  I had a pretty crazy schedule with work, so going this far out of my way is just silly... but I still did it for the 'convenience'.

--------------
Things that I have adopted since I stopped smoking:

Hopefully, some others may pick up something useful from my rambling here; I know everyone is different and has different needs..  Most of the following are examples of me just replacing smoking a cigarette with some other discrete activity.

#1.  Drinking a glass of water in the morning shortly after waking up; drinking water throughout the day; sometimes adding lemon.  Now this is just a healthy practice in general... however I think for the purposes of setting aside cigarettes, it also mentally helps, since you are literally trying to purge the toxins and additives from your body.  For me, nothing says 'cleanse' like a tall glass of cold water.

#2.  Walking (some biking too, but mostly walking since you can do this anywhere and anytime).  Rather than having my daily smoke before hopping in the shower + off to work, I started downloading podcasts to my phone, and going for a brisk walk for the duration of them.  At work, if I have just read an email that is making steam come pouring out of my ears, I walk down 6 flights of stairs, get a cup of tea, and then walk back up those 6 flights of stairs... it works wonders :P

#3.  "chores".  Very literally, filling all of those empty moments where I could have just wiled the time away with smoking a cigarette on my patio, with doing something like washing the dishes, or picking up my room, or making my bed, or folding some laundry.  This more effective utilization of your time is very impactful, and for me at least it has been like a positive feedback loop... I have more energy than I have had in such a long time!

#4.  Getting on a schedule.  I'm talking sleep schedule, dietary schedule, financial schedule, etc.  Your body needs appropriate and predictable rest in order to function well and deal with the stress of this change. Keeping nutritional intake parsed out both re: what I'm eating and *when* has really helped me keep an eye on my weight during this stuff.  Get a handle on what's going on with your $$$; this shit is expensive and seeing how much money is going where is a great reminder of another tangible benefit.

---------------
Okay, my rambling post here is almost done.  I'm feeling really great, positively brimming with badassity over these past few weeks... hope I can send some your way as well :)

Cheers!
~Bearbles