Little experiment.

Hello guys/galls, please read this with open mind, thanks :)

I once lasted smoke free for 6 months and i believe (as i read from different post and it made sense) it was like a long ars pause between two cigarettes.

Im not saying with my next words that i have recipe for: how to be free forever, but consider this. (damn im writing like some kind of merchant trying to sell you something)

I believe that it was 6 months pause, because i always tried to escape the feeling of wanting/urge to smoke. Whenever i seen somebody or when thoughts came to me i tried to do or think something else, i kind of refused to feel the "pain" and after 6 months it accumulated so much that the pain was "crazy" and i smoked.

If reading this triggers in you some emotions, please now you are part of experiment, try to stay with that feeling, do not run away doing other things, feel what you feel. Do not think about what you feel, use your senses. 

It will pass soon enough and when it comes today again, feel it again, do not run away, its natural, its part of healing. Its like getting rid of old stuff, you need to clean your wardrobe sort of.

As i said before take this please with open mind and try it, i have heard similar thing when watching Eckhart Tolle Webinar and there was a man who was smoking for 30 years and he said that after he sat with that feeling it dissolved over time and he doesnt want to smoke anymore, no cravings, zero.

So i tried it, why not, nothing hard right. When i attempted my second serious attempt i did it and i do it, whenever i feel even slight emotion when its related to smoking i shift my attention to it and stay with the feeling until it passes by itself.


And now, almost 3 months passed and i hardly have any cravings, not even cravings, something like memories that of what i did in the past. 

I dont check stopsmoking anymore as i did my last attempt, i dont wake up with the thought, oh i stopped smoking, there are whole days which goes by no thoughts about it, even if i see others do it, or im with my friends. 

I dont even feel angry anymore about them when they still smoke, or pity, or resentment. I just dont mind anymore. (yes ofcourse sometimes i beg some girls i meet to not smoke, but its polite and once with sad look on my face :( :D )

Truly it feels like its over, it may sound hasty, but im over with running away from it.  So whenever even slight feeling comes, im here for it and it dissolves, weakens by each appearing. 

If you try it, i would be glad if you could tell me if it worked for you too, lets say after a month, if you will remember :) 

Thanks for reading and be free :)

edit: here is the video, its more clear :) 
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9RLA9u-pXdc