The Three Day Ramble

So I had been smoking an average of 18-20 cigarettes/cigarillos for the past ten years. Over the last 3 years, I tried to quit smoking with help from the patch, gum, spray and e-cigs. None of those ever seemed to work, but I had people tell me "you need to want to quit". I guess those attempts meant I didn't want to give it up. I thought I enjoyed what I often referred to as the art of smoking. I didn't have a brand preference. Every pack would be a different brand/flavor just to see how it differed from the last. Then last week, I stumbled into this subreddit.

I hadn't been consciously thinking about quitting, but when I saw how many people recommended the Easyway by Allan Carr, I decided to give it a read just to see what it was about. I started and finished reading it in one sitting on June 24, and some parts he mentioned such as "... nobody really enjoys smoking, because if they did, they wouldn't ever do it more than once... " (this line bothered me for a number of reasons) but he then continues with something along the lines of "... you didn't like your first smoke, which is why you tried it again, and again, until you could get past the bad taste and continue..." 

So does this mean because I spent the past 10 years smoking different brands, and never finding one I really "enjoyed", that I technically failed in becoming a smoker? Is that why at 12:46am on June 25, I put out my last cigarette, and felt nothing? I didn't feel happy, sad, relieved, or anything knowing that was the last cigarette I'd ever smoke. I've been free from smoking for three days, and I am not having the same withdrawal symptoms I had the last time I tried quitting, which is nice I guess.

The night I put out that last cigarette, it was during a night of drinking and chain smoking. Since that night, I've attended a wedding anniversary for some family, which there's probably more smokers (my wife included) than non-smokers. Still, they'd all go for their regular smokes, and I just sat there not smoking. Yesterday was spent out in the sun for most of the day, drinking beers with the wife on the patio again. She would smoke, I wasn't phased by it. I didn't want to smoke. I didn't miss it, and yet I can't figure out why though. Again, maybe because I was never doing it right in the first place for the past 10 years, so I'm just cutting my losses so to speak.

Or maybe I'm just dead in the feels.

Forgive the formatting... I just figured rambling might something.