Dear Gauloises,...

Dear Gauloises, Pall Mall, Marlboro, Parliament, Salem, Zhongnanhai, Lucky Strike, Camel Click and Seven,


What a blast I thought we had. Going out the Beijing streets with a cigarette dangling from my hand or sitting down with a French glass of wine and a fag between my fingers I always felt we had this sense of freedom and confidence- just us against the world. Together we made moments more special, we made each other stronger, we felt sexier or more independent. You helped me get to know your other friends when asking for a lighter, and you always accompanied me outside lonesome train stations or late night bars. 

Time has moved on. Along the way, I am starting to see that our friendship has gotten out of balance. Not just because it is me who is always taking up the bill (let’s not talk about the money), but mostly because I feel our relationship is a one-way street. Worse than that: it’s a dead-end street. Let’s be honest dearest, we’re really heading nowhere. 

I must admit that you’re a clever one, and I admire you for that. Although I always hated everything about you during childhood and puberty (and even blackmailed my father into quitting you), I nevertheless fell into your trap when I went abroad as an adolescent. I thought you were cool and together we somehow formed a perfect pair on crazy nights that were permeated with wine. You almost had me fooled into thinking you were part of me. I now see that I crossed oceans and deserts all by myself and never needed you in the first place- I was already strong, sexy and independent and all of those moments were special by themselves. You’ve proven this point yourself by never really giving me anything- no pleasure, no inspiration, no power. While I’d even forgive you that -although it makes a crappy friend- you have even become harmful to me. You spread lies and confusion and are incredibly manipulative in how you go about your everyday life, making me believe that I could not go through another night without you. Not only is this not true, you already knew it would harm my health and balance, and never once thought about what was best for me. To be frank, I have never in my life met a ‘friend’ that was so profoundly evil and sly. You suck up energy and money and make me fidgety on my free nights out, without ever giving a single positive thing back. There are no advantages to having you in my life at all. You’re a pathetic attention seeker, you think that life evolves around you. I’m sorry to be so blunt, dear, but it’s true! 

I don’t think I need to explain anything more: you’re not my friend. I guess you understand that I do not need you in my life anymore, you really don’t suit me anymore and I don’t enjoy your toxic companionship. You’re not even funny. We’ll probably run into each other again and I won’t take the trouble or energy of evading you or being angry. You’re just not worth it. Actually, I feel bad for you- once your last flame has burnt up there is nothing left of you but sad, black, meaningless ashes. You have not done any good for anyone or anywhere, and will never do so. I can only imagine how worthless it must be to be you and I feel bad for all the people who think they found a friend in you. I am happy I am no longer one of them. 

So this is goodbye. Don’t bother calling me again- I’m afraid I’m too busy with more important things. All the best, 

XOXO,

 
P.S. You stink. 
