Stressed and want a smoke. Need to vent.

I hate being everyone's "writer friend." It's not uncommon for someone to ask me to look over an important email, or cover letter, or college application/essay, etc. I do not mind doing it generally, but sometimes I feel like I'm being taken advantage of. I'm not sure people appreciate just how much time it takes to read something over, make notes on mistakes/grammar, and give construction criticism. If I'm going to do a good job, it's going to be thorough and it will likely take a few hours of my time. 

Saturday evening a friend asked me to help with a resume and cover letter, and could I please do it before Monday? I said, sure, send it over. I thought I was being asked to proofread, or even give notes and help rewrite it. Yesterday afternoon I got the email and it's two half-assed outdated resumes, along with a link to the job description they want. So I'm not being asked to help, I'm being asked to fucking do it for them. This pissed me off. This is a very good friend so I tried to calm down, and I wrote back in-depth and gave feedback and advice while also saying that while I'm willing to help, there's a lot of heavy lifting to be done and there's not much I can do at this point besides give a template to use. 

To be honest, I've still been seething about it all day, and I just got an email replying that merely said "thanks." So I'm even more pissed off. I want a cigarette, but I won't have one. I went outside and walked around the block a million times trying to calm myself down but it's not really helping. I thought about hitting the bar directly after work but I do not want to trigger anything. So right now, I'm just clock-watching until 5 o'clock so I can head home and do some minutes on the treadmill and hopefully get rid of this want. 

Avoiding stressful situations is one thing, but it's another when a stressful situation is handed to you. Furthermore, it's more frustrating when it's being caused by a good friend who doesn't really know better and probably doesn't understand that I feel like I'm being taken advantaged of. 

GAAAAH. Thank you for letting me vent. This thread has been awesome. 