First post here, quit almost 3 years ago but have been having INTENSE cravings for the past 2 weeks...

Hi! I'll be three years clean in June. I started smoking when I was 14 and stopped when I was 22. I had tried to quit many times before and never lasted longer than 2 weeks, but that time it just stuck! I had run out of cigarettes while vising NYC (I'm a Bostonian) and was shocked by how much they cost. I decided to not buy any cigarettes until I went back home. On the way home I was going to stop and get some at the first MA rest stop but traffic was awful and I decided to get them when I got home. I got home late, and decided to grab some on my way to work the next morning. I was running late to work, and decided to buy some after work... by the time I actually went to buy cigarettes I realized it had been over 48 hours and I decided to stick with it. I'm really proud of myself. 

That being said, that past two weeks I've had really intense cravings. I've been busy but happily busy, not stressed. I'll be doing things like sitting in my art class and BAM, craving. Or right now, just putting organizing music and BAM craving. I remember physical nicotine cravings and they usually lasted an hour tops. The ones I'm getting now stay all day and leave me feeling really anxious and hyped up.

I don't know what to do! I've had the odd craving once in a blue moon over the past 3 years but nothing like this. I'm used to talking myself out of it but I'm starting to catch myself thinking things like "You're birthday is coming up, it could be your present..." or "Being a smoker isn't THAT bad..." This isn't even like I'm trying to convince myself that I can have 1 and quit again. There's a little voice in my head that wants me to take it up full time again and I'm so confused why!

Sorry for this massive post, it felt great to vent. I'd love to hear from other people that have quit for several years. I've used all my usual tricks - go for a walk, distract myself, eat a healthy snack and nothing is working :(