I had my last cigarette on Christmas Eve last year, 96 days ago, and haven't looked back!

I'm 24 at the moment, and have smoked on-off since I was about 13, never really exceeding about a pack and a half a week.  In the past, I went through a few periods where I'd quit for six months or so, and then end up giving in to the lingering cravings if I had a really crappy day, or was out at a party or something.  Not unusual, I know - the majority of habitual smokers that have tried to quit have been there.

Anyway, I most recently relapsed around January 2013, about a month after moving out of home, and had kept smoking more-or-less continuously since then (with a few half-hearted attempts at quitting whenever it became too difficult to fit cigarettes into my weekly budget).  It had never caused me much grief in the past, except for the occasional respiratory infection during winters, but I finally started getting regular chest inflammation sometime last year.  It was quite scary - some of the pains made me fear the worst, even after I took a few visits to my doctor and confirmed what it was.

Anyway, I got more and more nervous over the last year or so, and tried to cut back my smoking as much as possible.  I noticed myself paying more attention to heart rate spikes when I smoked (normally 60, which is ideal for an adult, but it'd reach anywhere from 90 to 120 after smoking), and decided to cut back.  Even though I was smoking less, though, the cravings went away.

Cut to Christmas Eve last year.  I went to a friend's place for a pre-Christmas celebration, and decided to walk to his place from mine (about 3.5 km) rather than wait for a bus.  I was feeling pretty good at that point, and didn't have a smoke for several hours.  At about 10 o'clock, however, I decided I might as well have one, since I usually smoke when I drink - and managed not to have any more for the rest of the night.

The next morning, I woke up at about 8:30, feeling like absolute shit.  I'd had only one cigarette the night before, but it was enough to make my sinuses dry out and become blocked (coupled with dehydration).  I had to go to my grandparents' place for Christmas lunch too, which I wasn't happy with.  It wore off around 12, but I still felt crummy for the rest of the day.

Strangely enough, after that incident, my cravings - always the biggest barrier - had completely (I mean that literally) disappeared.  I went through a couple of weeks where I felt perpetually drowsy, but there were none of the usual mood swings that I was used to when quitting.  After that not-so-painful withdrawal period, I finally felt like I was past it, and I haven't smoked since!

I'm really glad I managed to get here.  My chest has cleared up, I can sleep easier, I don't wake up feeling like my lungs have completely dried out, and I can handle exercise so much easier.  I don't feel hypervigilant about my heart rate either, and my sense of taste and smell are starting to return to normal.  I'm not sure how it happened, but I haven't had the urge to smoke once since it happened, and I can even hang out with friends while they smoke and not feel remotely interested in lighting up too.

I'm not sure how many people will read this, but this is something I'm really proud of, and I hope that other people trying to quit will be able to reach this point as well before long.  Don't stop trying!