Day 9. None since NYE.

So I've been smoking for 7 years. I was on average 10 a day but some nights and days (not many) I would have about 40. Here's my experience so far of quitting. I've tried to quit around 3 or 4 times before but it hasn't lasted. 

This time it feels different however and I am very confident I can see it through. The only obstacle is the 14 day mark where the past times I tried to quit I fell. Luckily however, I am doing dry January as this was always the trigger to get me back into it.

I haven't found myself struggling at all. A couple of days into it, cigarettes started smelling different. They smelled more stronger and off putting. Strange, I never smelled it like that when I've been smoking. In fact, it reminds me of my childhood when I used to be near family members who smoked. I haven't known cigarettes to smell like that since my youngest years. It's good as it is shifting my opinion towards hating cigarettes.

One of the things I've tried to do differently this time is try to absorb all the side affects, health facts and evils of tobacco companies (I call it face the facts head on) to shift my opinion and it is working. Luckily a smartphone makes this easier, as around five times a day I check Google for all the facts on cigarettes and quitting whilst I have an inkling of a craving. Instead of succumbing, I try to fill my head as much as possible with the truth which is all over the internet for everyone to use. I watched a documentary on how immoral the tobacco companies are in Indonesia which has helped too. 

The closest I have come to succumbing was having coffee with my friends (some of who smoke) which is usually when I had them the most. To be honest, I wasn't even that close. I wasn't sweating and it wasn't the only thing on my mind. I kept looking at the packet and thinking how far I'd come, which was good. 

I have to say since quitting, my energy has shot up MASSIVELY. I feel more like myself as well and I am definitely more upbeat. My smile is looking better and the skin on my face is looking and feeling more healthier! This is only the 9th day as well.

So far it's been great to have to not wait until my next cigarette at work, in social situations, on my own and accompanying coffee. I am free of the thought that comes back around, you know that "OMG YOU NEED A CIGARETTE" or "THIS WOULD BE BETTER WITH A CIGARETTE" feeling. I think I have been using cigarettes as an excuse to leave social settings when I felt anxious so to face that full on is now a fulfilling challenge and liberating. I think when your mind shifts from this behavior, you become more at ease. 

Also, is there any studies to that links smoking to a decrease in intellect or memory? Just a feeling that I have that it may link.

I have now joined the gym and am hoping to live a much healthier lifestyle. I am sure the benefits will keep on coming in. I wrote this to express how good I feel right now about quitting and hopefully to inspire somebody out there who wants to quit really badly.

FUCK CIGARETTES!