A short story.

Hey guys. A friend of me asked for a reason to quit smoking. I decided I would write an anecdote to answer, but ended up writing for five hours. He said it changed his perspective, so I figured I would share. Hope you enjoy it!

Streams of Consciousness

		         
		You are a fairly successful man in his 40s. Loving wife, two great kids, pillar in your community, philanthropist, and chain smoker. Your son graduates high school and gets a shot at his (and your) dream - a  Harvard acceptance. One day you return from work early. You make a cup of coffee and roll up your sleeves. It is, you’ve decided, time to look into the financials as your son is leaving. You’re disheartened to know that you make just barely too much to qualify for financial aid. You glance at the letterhead, and notice the crimson calligraphy. Your frustration dissipates to a smile and a feeling of pride. You're successful. You can make a few cuts here and there. You can pay those 4 years. Its worth it. He's going places Then one day you notice the morning coughs are a bit harder and longer than usual. No matter - you've gotten used to it over the years. You turn the sink on and the blood and phlegm looks familiar, but feels different. You know something isn't right. You frustratedly accept that your morning cough ritual has set you back 17 minutes (you timed it today). “Fuckin hell,” you stress, “I’m going to be late to work.” You instinctively reach in that back pocket. Window down, light up. Ah, yes.
		 Turns out you have cancer “What the fuck? Me? This shit only happens to other people” You do not know what to think, or how to really respond. But you do not need to. “You are extremely lucky,” they say.  The tumor is small. They caught it late, but it seems my body killed most of it itself. “You’ll need an operation,” they inform me, “but don’t worry its a simple one- only two hours.” You smile to yourself, thinking how fortunate of a badass you are. You even think of smoking a cigarette right after the operation. You resolve to go back to your family and break the bad and good news. As you enter your house, you see your son’s shoes. As you always do every week day.
		
		The only pair always kept outside the shoe rack. You suddenly realize with a deep pang in your stomach that in a few months your son will move on with his life. He's going to fucking Harvard! you remind yourself, keeping the anxiety at bay, allowing yourself to swell, slightly, with pride. You say, hey fuck it, not a big deal, nobody needs to worry. I'm practically fine anyway. You sweep it under the rug. You get operated on. You're free. You think of lighting up on the way out You pull a shiny new bensons pack out of that shirt pocket. “Oh man,” you think, "haven't had one of these in a long while" Adrenaline rushes through you as you remember your lovely mistress and her charms. You remember the first cigarette you smoked. You remember that massive first buzz. A thin nostalgic smile escapes your lips. Suddenly its all worth it again, just for a couple of mins. “I fucking deserve it,” you tell yourself, “I just beat cancer.” The adrenaline rush has a slight uneasy feel to it. Something feels... twisted, for lack of a better word. You ignore the feeling.
		 	The nurse sees you fumbling with your cigarettes. The childish rush turns to slight embarrassment. You push it back into your pocket and approach the nurse. You can’t quite figure out the look that nurse was giving you. Disappointment? Apathy? Frustration? “A word with the doc, some forms, a quick taxi and you're back home, away from this perplexing environment,” you remind yourself. The thought is comforting. For a moment. As you approach the desk the earlier discomfort rushes back to you. No longer a dull uneasiness, the feeling intensifies. Your head is hot, your hands are cold. Are they wet? You touch your palm. Dry yet so cold.. Like candle wax almost.. but.. unnatural. You find yourself near the desk, in front of your doctor. Before you recall how you got there so fast, a tired voice breaks your thoughts. "... We were able to get rid of the tumor.. However we discovered another tumor. The operation was far more involved for the second one. You slipped into coma, but our best care brought you back.” He continues to talk. To provide details of the complication. Some lifestyle advice. Nothing registers. You sort of feel yourself rise out of the situation, watching it from what seems like above. Still dazed, you meander over to the billing desk after several redirects from hospital staff.
		The clerk motions you over and smiles. 
		She makes small talk and goes through the sign out protocol. Nothing registers. She presents an orange envelope. Instinctively you look at the letterhead. You cringe involuntarily.  “Congratulations on now being cancer free!” she says cheerily.
		 You snap back to the present and realize that you indeed did beat it. Beat cancer! Fucking cancer! You walk out, hug and kiss your wife through her tears. You wipe them away, but in vain. You hold your kids close and they cry into you. You cry with them.
		No one speaks a word. You are thankful. 