28 days!

Hello!

I'm fairly new to reddit. I had an account for a while that I never used, but recently got addicted thanks to this lovely subreddit.

I'm 22 years old and I've been smoking for around 5 years. I started when I was 17 during some strange angsty stage in my life. I still remember the day. My father left out his carton of nasty native cigarettes and I also found his mickie of whiskey. I got hammered for the first time and also smoked my first cigarettes.

My addiction started slow as I figure it does for most people. I wasn't old enough to buy smokes, so I had friends purchasing them for me. I started buying my own packs at 18 by hopping over to Quebec.

I can't really say how much I smoked. Sometimes it'd be an entire pack in a night. When I quit four weeks ago it was about a pack of 25 every two days or so.

I've "quit" before, but it was full of cheating that led to a relapse. At 19 I started smoking weed, and I was going through an ounce every month at its worst. I needed cigarettes when I was high and I needed weed because cigarettes weren't enough. The past year was spent smoking six to ten mole bowls/poppers a day. I think it's an Ontario thing, but it involves hitting a mixture of weed and tobacco from a bong. Terrible for your lungs.

I read Carr's book several months ago but the quit attempt following didn't lift off.

November 4th, I quit weed. It was a bit of a struggle. I felt the need to grow up and go back to school and I did just that. I'm taking high school refreshers now to prepare for college. The reason weed was hard to kick for me was caused by the spliff and poppers, my Nicotine addiction. So on the 22nd, I quit cigarettes.

I used patches and gum for the first five days and jumped straight into cold turkey. I started remembering the helpful tips from Carr's book and now my mindset has changed, this quit feels different and more important. I was extremely irritable on the patches and three days after I stopped using them. I now do not support NRT use at all. It just keeps the nicotine monster running longer.

Now I'm at 28 days without cigarettes and 45 days without marijuana. I feel the greatest I have in a while. My breathing has improved, I'm enjoying the crazy dreams that I've missed out on for years. I feel happier, more confident and hopeful. It really feels good to get healthier and have so much more money. (I spent about $5100 on both drugs yearly on a salary of around $17000).

Although the cravings for both things have gone away almost completely, I will not forget my reasons for quitting and definitely won't let my guard down.

Thanks to all of you for all the motivational posts, I never thought I'd be here. It's a lot easier than I expected.

Stay strong always.