Quitting attempt #3

I'm 23 now and I have been smoking since I was 15. I can't honestly say that I'm done now but what I can say is that I need to be done.

When I was 17, I quit smoking for 6 months and started back up when I found my girlfriend (at the time) had been cheating and I was too weak to confront her on it. 

I quit again in October of 2012 because of chest pains and a disgust with smelling and tasting terrible. I also hated that I needed to wash my hands, brush my teeth and spray some cologne every time I smoked as not to be disgusting for my current girlfriend (4 years and counting! Woo!).

Recently I got a new job and out of boredom I decided to start up again, after an entire year of having quit! I have been smoking since November and I really hate myself for it because I have been using it as a crutch for boredom and depression since I don't know what I would do without that serene 7 minutes of being alone and smoking on a quiet night. 

My current girlfriend, Nicole, is very supportive and loving towards me and genuinely wanted me to quit because of health issues (Asthma, and my family has had bad smoking-related complications) and possible mental issues (Addictive personality, depression). As of right now, she has no idea that I am smoking again and I feel terrible about keeping it from her. My mom and dad also are under the impression that I have not smoked a cigarette since the last time that I quit, which again, I feel horrible about keeping it from them.

Smoking has become like this personal heroin that I find myself hiding from everyone around me so they stay proud and think I'm stronger than the addiction but in reality, I may be holding the weight of the world sometimes, but I am indeed just a weak little boy in need of help. I need help with finances, with depression, with motivation, and now I need help with smoking...again.

The time spent smoking makes me happy, the guilt of hiding it, lying about it, and spending my hard earned meager money on such a stupid thing makes me unhappy. I guess I don't want to quit but I feel like I need to before it leads to serious health complications and possibly even trust complications between me and my S/O and me and my family. 

I don't want to try the gum, or the patch, or any other nicotine related methods. I want to just drop it, I want to just walk away and show myself that I AM stronger than that cancer-causing, life-ruining death stick....so I threw out the remainder of my pack of cigarettes about 2 hours ago, had the building maintenance compact the trash so I couldn't get at them, and I'm trying like Hell to resist the urge of hitting the gas station after work.

Advice is welcome, but I really just needed to vent. If you managed to read this far into my shitty cigarette novel, thank you for listening.