I need to stop smoking. Help!

I posted this in r/relationships and haven't really got anywhere and found this sub and need help. For reference I am a 51 year old woman who has smoked since the age of 15 ish and my guy is 58. 

Today WWIII hit the house. We have an agreement that we do not smoke in the house. Been that way for a few years. We just bought our own home about 1.5 months ago too.

Today the next door neighbour had been outside for most of the day on the phone and smoking. My guy had just ridden off on his bike to run an errand. I decided to ring my mother and since I didn't need the neighbour knowing all my business and since phone reception can be bad and we often go outside to make or receive calls, I decided to sit on a chair just inside the back door. We keep the cigarettes on the bench there and an ashtray to throw the butts in when we come back inside from having a smoke.

I honestly must have been off with the fairies as next thing I know, chatting away with my mother, my guy comes in the front door (he forgot something) and is yelling at me about the cigarette I was having. I was in a bit of a daze, realized I had a lit smoke inside, so I immediately went outside. He left shortly after while I was still chatting to my mother.

When my guy returned WWIII erupted. He accused me of smoking all the time in the house. I had a think and realized the last time I smoked indoors was at his mates house about 16 months ago! The mate allowed smoking in his kitchen. This smoking issue has been ongoing throughout our relationship. He has been chewing nicabate/nicorettes for over 6 years on a daily basis. We both smoke. Me, conventional smokes and he smokes pot. He does however smoke my smokes as he says he can't stop smoking with me smoking. I have a problem stopping when he lights up his special 'brand' of tobacco. BTW, I do not expect him to give up his 'brand'. We are in a catch 22. He left for work about an hour after the blow up with nothing resolved and not speaking to me.

I need to stop but I have been smoking for 36 odd years. Stopping will be hard! Any advice on how to deal with it? I think cold turkey is the only way to go. The only reason I have not stopped up till now is the fear of weight gain. I am just outside of a healthy BMI (by maybe a kilo or two) and do not want to go over any more! Anyone know of any way to deal with this? I do not want to get an ecig or a vaping set up. Tried that a couple of years ago and it is just another addiction to replace the one I have. I just want to know how to deal with the craving and how to deal with the oral fixation. 

TL:DR Accidentally lit smoke inside house, boyfriend exploded, big fight, want to stop and need advice. Maybe a bit of support too???