Six months cigarette free today

At the end of last year I was admitted to a three month rehab for drug and alcohol abuse.

I was 5'11", had dangerously high blood pressure, weighed in just under 100kgs, abused prescription meds, a daily drinker, cigarette and marijuana smoker. I was a mess.

When I went into rehab every single one of the other guys there smoked cigarettes. 

Twenty four days into the ninety day program I did the unheard of. I decided to quit smoking. I was a pack a day for twenty years. All the other guys and even the staff said not to bother and to worry about quitting cigarettes later as I was still withdrawing from other substances. They said it was impossible to quit smoking in the rehab as it was the final crutch that addicts hold onto.

I just did not smoke. One hour at a time. It turned into one day at a time.

Today, I am proud to say, I am six months cigarette free.

The day I quit smoking I set a ridiculous goal. One so far-fetched, so obscene and so out of touch with reality it was crazy - to run a half-marathon.

I ran it yesterday with a solid time of 1 hour 49 mins. I have signed up to do a full marathon in October.

Quitting cigarettes, for me, is freedom. Freedom from morning cravings. Freedom from worrying about where I can have my next smoke. Freedom from wondering where I will buy my next pack.

I am also 20kgs lighter, six months drug and alcohol free, fit, eating very well and loving my life.

If you are reading this and thinking, "Gee, I really want to quit smoking" you are blessed. You have the gift of desperation. Use it. Not alot of people have it. Some people have to quit smoking when the surgeon cuts their leg off. I am very grateful that I quit smoking on my terms - not the doctor's.

Never, EVER in my wildest dreams six months ago would I have thought that I could run a half marathon and that I would be in training for a full one. I couldn't even walk up a set of stairs without running out of breath.

If you quit your body will recover.

The cornerstone of the gifts that I have today, and recieve every day is because I no longer smoke. Freedom.



