Almost ten months later, $1000 saved, 4142 cigarettes not smoked feels amazing.

I haven't been here in a while, but wanted to stop by really quick. This sub really helped me struggle through the first couple days! It feels like it's been forever since I quit. I [just checked my quit smoking app](http://i.imgur.com/vXO6Sw7.jpg) (Since iQuit) and was really pleased with the numbers! I can't believe I've saved over $1000 since I quit. 

I did a little bit of math too. I used to smoke 100's so I multiplied my number of cigarettes not smoked by 100mm, then converted that number to feet (1358.92 feet). [I found out that the Sears Tower in Chicago has a skydeck where you can look out or down at the city. It's on the 103rd floor and 1,353 feet high.](http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/f/f1/View_down_from_the_Sears-Willis_Tower_Skydeck.jpg) If you lined up all the cigarettes I haven't smoked, it would reach the sky deck. I thought that was pretty crazy, and it also disgusted me to think that I've smoked all of those cigarettes more than a few times over in the four years that I did smoke.

I don't even feel like the same person that I used to be. I feel free. I don't plan my life around my smoke breaks. I can go where I want to go and have a good time. My mother-in-law is a former smoker and used to sort of berate me when we would see her and it would always put me in a bad mood when I was around her because my addiction was throwing a temper tantrum. I feel so bad about all the good memories I missed out on because I was being a brat who wanted to sulk off in a corner and smoke. I'm glad it's not like that anymore. I had so much fun with my family last time I saw them because I didn't have this ball and chain stopping me from enjoying myself. 

I feel so much healthier too. I can actually run and bicycle and be active. I care about myself and I treat my body the way it should be treated now. When I first quit, my addiction told me it didn't matter if I died earlier cause, like, how wants to be old as hell anyway? Well, *I* do. I want to be as old as possible. I want to savor every minute I have on this earth, and I want it to be quality time with my husband and future children. I don't want to miss out on any of that now. 

I didn't realize how much smoking hindered me as an individual, and emotionally. I used to just smoke when I was sad or mad or anxious, but now I have to work through those things and it's really helped me grow into a better person. 

Anyway, to anyone who's struggling right now, you can do it. You have to separate yourself from that monster that's taken over your life. There were moments where I genuinely believed I couldn't do it. I never thought I'd be the one with all these numbers next to her username, telling everyone that you can do it no matter how impossible it seems. One day, you'll look back and wonder if it ever really happened because it seems so easy now, and it feels so far away like a different life. 

Sorry that got longer than I meant for it to be! You all are amazing and strong. [I've posted this link before, but it still means a lot to me and helped me through.](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cOUQlHnsCxQ&feature=youtu.be) "Struggle is nature's way of strengthening." You'll be a better, stronger person than you ever thought you could be if you keep struggling, and you'll break free.