Smoking ruined my Thanksgiving

I think I am ready to quit smoking (again). 
I'm on week three of bronchitis, which set in the day I flew cross-country for my annual holiday trip home to see my family. One week a year I get to see my five siblings, parents, cousins, etc....and I was so sick. I was coughing, sputtering and sneezing all week; yet I stayed up and partied with them until 3am all weekend, smoking and drinking. I had fun but I was miserable inside. My chest was on fire and my head was pounding from the coughing fits.
When I got back home, I went to the doctor and was dianosed with bronchitis, which is basically a smoker's disease. He said 90% of people that get it are smokers. 
So smoking ruined my Thanksgiving, my one week a year to see my family. I was just angry, so angry I cried right there in the doctor's office. And the fact that I smoked through the sickness is the worst part, knowing that I am making it worse and extending the length of time that I'll be ill. Knowing that I will not get better until I quit. Tasting blood in the back of my throat. 
So I didn't smoke for a couple days, I used my vape cig a little bit, and was coughing so bad I didn't even want a real cigarette. I'm on an inhaler, for christ sake. 

Then I felt better, started smoking a little more, then more, then I was back to 1/2 pack a day. This is week 2. Then I woke up and felt awful again, sore throat, coughing real bad. Sloughing through work just to go home and lay on the couch with a humidifier, trying not to cough to the point of gagging and vomiting.

Now I'm on week 3, still coughing, still gagging. I'm done. I cannot do it anymore. I am so sick of cigarettes ruining my life and my health. What precious little time I get to spend with my family was marred by my smoker's bronchitis. It makes me sick to think that I continue to smoke, despite this. Am I insane? 
It's making it difficult for me to work. I can't talk to my clients for any length of time, until I put them on mute on the phone, so I can cough and gag, interrupting our conversation. I sound like a frog.
I have to apologize and explain to them that I am sick, and they can't understand me because I'm losing my voice. Because I'm sick from smoking. 

I'm done. I had my last cig this morning on the way to work, and I hated it. My car stinks. All my jackets stink. My gloves stink. My hair stinks. 
I have my vape cig, but I don't really want to use it because it irritates my lungs, and they are trying to heal and I'm not letting them.
I'm so mad at myself for continuing to smoke while sick. I coughed through an entire staff meeting this morning. I'm so embarrassed. 
I'm sick of being sick, and I'm done. 


I quit cold turkey two years ago, and it lasted about 6 months until I had found a group of girl friends who smoked with drinks, so I smoked with drinks, thinking I could be just a cocktail smoker. I knew myself better than that, and as I feared, became full-time again. Maybe this time I won't make that same mistake. I'm trying. 