18 days and Today I feel crappy.

Hey guys and girls!

	Well it's been 18 shitty days and I just would like to vent about what's going with me. First off I have been a smoker for about 13 years and I am now 30, male. The first week of quitting was not so bad, but I recently had a crazy heart episode and went to the emergency room and was diagnosed with what's called AFib (Atrial fibrillation). AFib sometimes can have unknown causes but usually it's making bad life choices and not getting exercise. AFib is basically the electricity that pulses your heart and sometimes the electricity can spasm or go crazy. I have had few heart related palpitations somewhat before. One example was years ago when I use to skateboard I tried to do an ollie and fell down very hard and the shock from the fall made my heart start pumping really fast. It was strange and freaked me out and then began to punch my chest once or twice and it went back to rhythm, I know that sounds weird but I did that on instinct for some reason I guess and it worked. Anyways this emergency thing that happened to was also strange. So I have not smoked that week in like 3 days and it was on a Friday and I wanted to buy a pack and play some video games and have a beer until I was going to meet up with the guys. So I did that but I did not realize how many cigs I was smoking at the time when this episode happened. I had a smoke in my fingers drinking a beer and my heart started to flutter and I got up and immediately went over to the sink and poured cold water on my face and neck to cool and calm down. I looked over and realized I chained smoked liked 7 or 8 cigs in like a 20 min time period not even knowing. But my heart would not go back in rhythm. It would like beat 1 or 2 normal beats followed by 4 or 5 quick beats. So I then went and lay down to try to calm down or fall asleep because I heard usually when you’re in a sleep state your rhythm goes back to normal, but nothing worked. After about an hour I could not even get out of bed without my heart beats and anxiety rising. So I wanted to call my folks and saw my phone on the bathroom window and I literally slowly got off the bed and slid my ass across to the floor to get the phone and when I sat one the toilet I felt winded and freaked out, yea it was that bad. 
	I called the folks they came over gave me an aspirin my anxiety went up more when they got there but I got to the couch and started to feel tingling in my hand tips and some dizzy spells. I tried to get up to make it to their car but could not, so the folks called me an ambulance, and here is where it got weird. About 4 EMT's came in my apartment and my anxiety was up an I am trying to calm down but could not, they put the EKG on me and said my heart rate was around 163 bpm and 2 EMT's tried to pick me up and I shrugged them off and I started crying, that for some reason seem to help relieve some stress for me and then I remember a friend of mine that is also an EMT told me if you squeeze your body real hard like you’re taking a shit, that will force blood down your body and is supposed to lower your heart rate. [Thanks Herb!] So when I shrugged them off I was in a crying state and then begin to feel my throat closing up and I have never felt that shit before. I then took a deep breath and got into a ball and just started squeezing my body real hard and I suddenly my heart went back into rhythm but I did not know this at the time and was able to get up and get in the ambulance bed. They put that oxygen thing in my nose and I was beginning to feel better and for some reason when I made it to the ambulance bed they took the EKG off of me but once I was in the ambulance they put it back on and the EMT was like "whoa!,  Hey Carol!, Yea!, This guy converted himself!" I was like WTF does that mean? They explained what I did and so on and said usually we have to shock the heart back into rhythm. So all that happened and I did some blood work, a chest x-ray, got some temporary medication in case that ever happens again and everything came back good. That is why I quit smoking those stupid fucking nail coffin fucks. I feel better when I say it like that, lul.
	I also have been walking every other day since I quit and now I have been smoke free for 18 days but feel like shit and wondering if any of you guys had any of the feelings I am having as of late or ever in your process. It was 2 days ago when I went for another routine walk around outside for about 30 to 45 min. For the first week I did not feel too bad the second week I had a lot of withdrawals, the body feeling kind and a lot of shortness of breath. But 2 days ago I went for a walk and felt fine; when I was done I woke up the next day and felt pretty good the whole time. But when I got home yesterday I was going to walk but just laid down watched some netflix and fell asleep and napped from like 6pm to 10pm. But when I woke up I felt bad pressure on my chest and it hurt when I took a deep breath so I went to the kitchen drank some water and tomato juice finally went got back to sleep and when I woke up for work this morning I still had this chest breathing pain. So I got a big hot coffee to help sooth my chest and it has slowly subsided but now my body feels achy like I have a cold or something. Is this from quitting and normal? After work I am going to get a lot of remedies I have researched and slowly try out some, I also use a humidifier when going to sleep that I think is helping. But just wondering if anyone one of you from this great community has had these symptoms because I feel everyone is different and the amount of cig and time you have smoked has many different impacts on each individual. Just wanted to put my experience out there and I apologize for the lengthy vent.
It's now lunch time. Thx for reading.
