I recently tried smoking...

I recently smoked with a few close colleagues of mine. The funny thing though was, it was actually me who bought the damn pack. It wasn't a big one, just 8 sticks of Marlboro Reds, hence my username. This is a throwaway/secondary account. The moment I inhaled in, it felt like shit, tasted like shit, and it made me wonder why I was even doing this in the first place. My friends were laughing at me for coughing all over the damn place. 2nd time, same result. Coughed and teared, and got laughed at. I kept on going. 3rd time was the charm, I inhaled in, and then released. I felt the rush. 

Then I realized why people like smoking. So after that embarrassing session, I went home and threw the box and the lighter into my safe and then locked it up. I thought, "What the hell are you doing to yourself Dan?" Mom and dad used to tell me to never smoke, but I fucking did it anyway 10 years later. I felt bad about myself, but eventually I put myself to sleep. Next day, I went about the usual, then after work, my friend invited me to the local bar, and I said sure.

Eventually he brought up the topic I didn't want to hear. "So, did you finish the pack?" I replied no. He then called me a pussy and then pulled a box and lighter from his pocket and then offered me one. Being the fucking idiot I am, I took a stick and he lit it for me. 4 cigs and a few glasses of beer later, I felt good. After awhile, we decided it was about time we left. As we were walking to our cars, he told me enjoy the new activity, but ironically, told me to keep watch on the amount I smoke too. Funny, since he's the baddest chain smoker in the office.

As I drove home, I was craving for that box that was locked up in my safe. I opened the door and ran to my room where my safe was. As I was staring at the safe, I had a change of heart and went straight here, typing this. Crap, I know I don't want to smoke, but I feel like I should at least finish the box... What the hell should I do?