3 down and onto day 4....

And it has been pretty good. I thought I would make a bit of a progress post as a bit of a dear diary.


I have been taking about 5 nicorette mini lozenges each day and I have enough to last me another 3 or 4 days. I may stop taking them when I run out or I may go buy some more. I know many people here don't agree with using a NRT but I think it is the only way I can succeed right now. 


My life has revolved around smoking for a very long time and I need to stop that more than I need to stop nicotine. Even though I am using them it hasn't been a cakewalk. I think about smokes all the time, particularly today, and can feel a constant 'pull' in my head but it's tolerable. I'm coughing a lot, am extremely phlegmy, a bit terse with people, and have a lot of energy.


My plan has been quite successful so far. Better than expected really. I have big problems with depression, attention, et al but I've really been on the ball these past few days. The way I had planned my days is just happening, I'm not really putting any effort into it and everything I need to do (and when) is working out. I also subscribe to [/r/getdisciplined/](http://www.reddit.com/r/getdisciplined/) because that has, right along with smoking, been a lifelong challenge for me. Smoking and self disciple, or lack thereof, are linked for me.


In the past days I've had no problem waking in the mornings, eating healthy,  my garden is about 75% planted (tomatoes have even starting to grow buds), and I have done more meaningful work in my profession over the past 3 days than I have in the month prior.


The last time I did this well not smoking was in November 2012 but I started again in February 2013. I had a painful injury and was given morphine over a few days at the hospital. I have never taken an opiate before (it was great! I can see how people become addicted to them) and afterwards I became deeply depressed. I needed some stimulus and after a few days picked up smoking again. I've been beating myself up since.


All in all it's been a pretty good experience I just have to keep with my plan and when those pitfalls show up I have to remember what it is I want. 