My mental work corset, and how my smoking habits might help me accommodate to it correctly.

I've got the stump of my last cigarette and the lighter in front of me. 

I see all the posts that have the "1 day" flair next to the username entitled "this is it" or something to that idea with disdain. I realize now, it's an ego thing. I thought, "of course, the first time, he's excited about quitting and everything, sure, let's see how long *he* (or she) will last". Insecurity about my own smoking habits and such make me think defensively about what I do and where my life's going. I'm struggling with all sorts of things, finding enthusiasm in what I do, maybe believing too much about the things that stand in self help books. I've started meditating half a year ago, on and off and very on for about a month now. Additionally, I've created a habit with the things I do in the morning (every morning), and a ritual to "close the working day" at night. But I feel kind of stressed with it, it's good for me, but it's so hard to leave behind snoozing, to shower every morning even though ugh, I'd much rather just sleep a little longer, to try to abide the rules you just set for yourself, but you don't actually have to do any of it if you don't want to.

And the smoking just got worse. I used to buy a pack of cigarettes a few times a week, giving some away and smoking between 10 and 15 daily. I'm 24 in exactly one week, and I started smoking at the age of 18 and a half. Since then, I gradually started smoking more and more, reaching now the daily pack, and sometimes not giving anyone a cigarette. Sometimes I run out of cigarettes, and wind up asking for one, sometimes even strangers, elegantly rationalizing it as "training for my social skills". 

I do freelance web design, and I used to love it. I started a website for my father about 4 years ago, he's an astronomer and wanted a blog. I designed the thing, with no knowledge about design or Photoshop, just with my own taste about what would look cool. Then, without knowledge about HTML, CSS or anything, I adapted it to Blogger, and just googling, coding, previewing and building upon that, I worked two weeks straight and build the fucker. It was beautiful, and I was *so fucking proud*. 

But that has all gone. Now, I'm sort of scared of myself, scared of getting in a rhythm that might disrupt healthy functioning with anything. Scared of not doing the things in a "best practice" manner, instead of just going for things. I've been trying to design a website for a friend with Wordpress and Foundation as a framework, and it's been fucking haunting me for weeks. But I can't make anything of the documentation, I don't even know where to start, and in my evening rituals I plan the stuff to do for the next phase, and just wind up not doing everything, thinking "hey, don't beat yourself up over it", because "the past just brings you pain, and the future just anxiety".

Don't get me wrong, I still love the way I'm going. I've been improving my life little by little, and making habits that are healthy. I sometimes fall off the wagon with it, but I've been able to manage to get back up, only by "breathing and being in the present moment", so that's good. And I have a list of habits I intend to integrate in my life these next months, and I give myself a two week period for implementing them in the morning and at night. Right now, it's no snoozing, washing the dishes, exercise, shower, meditating, and breakfast while reading in the morning, and tidying up my room, making my daily plan, meditating and playing guitar at night. Every friday there's a week plan, and every two weeks I make a new [chain](http://www.geeksugar.com/How-Create-Your-Own-Seinfeldian-Chain-530314) for my morning routine and nightly ritual.

But smoking *just fucking sucks*. The smoke coming from the last cigarette today was blue. *What the fuck*, I thought. This is toxic, this can't be normal. And I've been putting off smoking, just as I've been putting up obsessing about anything positive, because *I've got a plan, I don't need to do it right now, don't be so hard on yourself*, etc. 

The truth is, my plan is great, it's so right and useful for keeping my mind off things like *when am I gonna keep working on the framework*, changing it to *I have a one hour break now, I can watch this series and later I need to sit in front of the PC and work on the framework, later lunch, and then I need to write these mails*. I've even started to apply naturally the [GTD methods](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Getting_Things_Done), which makes it even better. But I feel in a fucking corset, and I don't know why, because I'm supposed to be more relieved that everything is gonna be taken care of sooner or later. I can't follow through on my plans, but I keep the structure in place because I know, if I *could* follow through, my life would be working like an English locomotive. 

I'm lashing out obviously, and putting all these things explicitly in writing doesn't do my inner emotional workings 100% justice. But I know, I need to loosen the corset a little bit, somehow. And being sick of smoking, spending the money and all this shit is something that has been on my mind for quite some time. By taking this huge fucking cold turkey step from a pack to zero cigs a day, I'm loosening the corset doing something I can control, that is in its nature like an on and off switch, a task I know how to execute. A part of me is hoping that by doing this I can feel good about myself, remind myself with a positive experience that I can bend the self imposed rules if it's for the greater good, and not only bend them for not doing the stuff I plan to do and forgive myself afterwards because "there's no need to kick yourself on the ground". I'm probably being hard on myself with the corset in a wrong way (elaborate and exaggerated planning), and I need to learn being hard on myself the right way, by doing difficult stuff like quit smoking. Maybe then, I can find the flow I'm looking for and enthusiastically dive into a problem and don't quit until I solve it, like getting the fucking framework^1 to run, instead of working on it halfass-ly one hour, and then calling it "that's it for the day on this matter", and checking the box on my ridiculous plan. 

So when I go out of my house, I'm buying three packs of sugar free candy, and popping a fucker every time I feel the need to have a smoke. since today I smoked, I'll accomplish my three day hum on sunday, and I'll get back to you then.

**TL;DR: I'm suffocating mentally because of overstructuring my freelance work day, and despite being on the right path, I'm feeling in a hole, and I haven't accomplished anything this past month, partly due to the fact that I don't totally follow through on everything I plan for in the day. However, I do by my structure, "the corset", every day, which is good, but a little stressful. I've been smoking a pack a day lately, more than I want to. I'm hoping that by quitting smoking, the positive experience will allow me to feel more liberated, and entitled to feel a workflow that actually brings results.**

But please, read the whole thing to understand where I'm coming from, because I don't even really know.

-----
^1: And if you know about WP and especially know how to work Foundation, it would be the coolest and awesomest thing ever if I could call you on Skype and ask you a few questions. I'm lost with some of the most basic stuff, and some orientation would come a huuuuge way. 