I cannot figure out why this is not the preferred method to quit

To be honest up front, today is my second day as 100 percent nicotine free, so I'm not preaching and I won't pretend to say that I'm definitely a success story. BUT, I've been almost a pack a day smoker for 12 years. I've done every possible quit method that exists. Gum, patch, weaning myself, positive incentive, negative incentive. All but pharmaceuticals, which boast a whopping (kidding) 12 percent success rate. 

Anyway, two weeks ago I got a cold. The kind that you try to smoke through and you take two drags and then you think you might choke on your own tonsils. So, I put that one out. Didn't smoke for the rest of the day. Next day (a Mon) went into work in the morning feeling sick but not awful, then left after about 4 hours because I felt like shit. But, not bad enough to not smoke. So I smoked one when I got home, felt a little bad because I was 'healthy' enough to smoke, but not to stay in my lab. That night, pure coincidence my gf comes home with a disposable electronic cigand says she is ready to quit.

So, we decide we are going to quit with the fake cigs. Fast forward from Tuesday to Friday and the ecig is doing its job, getting me over the tough times but it still seems like drinking O'Douls to get drunk. I went out with some friends, had maybe 4 or 5 beers (drinking is a trigger for all of us, but I'm a big guy and this was over at least 3 or 4 hours) and I'm not kidding I was a fucking junkie. I am ashamed of how I acted when I got home that night. I HAD to smoke a real cig. We have all been there.

On to the good news! I bought Allen Carr's "The Easy Way to Quit Smoking" on Amazon that night. I was desperate to figure a way out. It came in the mail on Wed, and I read it cover to cover that night. Yesterday and today were about as good of days I have had in my 'career' of quitting. I'm not irritable, I LOVE quitting. I feel awesome! Not just that, I had some friends over and we had some drinks. Well more than I had that night when I would have sold the shirt on my back for a smoke... 

I mean this in all sincerity, with no motive aside from helping anyone who will listen: I was scared to death that I would get drunk and ruin it, throw it away. I was going to take it easy, have a couple, see how it went, make sure I didn't have that feeling of needing a smoke. Not only did that not happen, sure as I'm writing this right now its almost 5am, I put down a good nights drink with my friends, and it never even got past the point of thinking, "a cigarette? Why would I want to do that?" I stood outside with my friend as he smoked and never thought twice.

The point is, I searched this sub for that book and it looks like it comes up maybe a few times a year. I think it should be a few times a week. It is, in every sense the best book I've ever read and the best money I've ever spent ($13). It will change the way you look at quitting and it may save your life. Good luck to you all! It is not a hopeless future of fighting off cravings!

Edit: So the Reddit search function only finds hits on submission titles, not in comments. I didn't realize how popular this book is on here. Sorry if I came off as a bit asshole-ish.