Dad quit smoking almost 6 months ago but still has a light cough. Is this normal?

My dad quit smoking about six months ago (around the beginning of September).  He's actually been doing great.  He only had one setback at the very beginning but he's been smoke free ever since.  But he still has a cough.

He definitely had the "quitters cough" as many call it.  He hacked up all of the black gunk and it sounded quite horrible for weeks.  The thing is, I've been hearing him cough all of my life, so I never really thought anything of it until a few weeks ago when I noticed he still did and I realized he hasn't smoked in almost six months.  It's not a horrible cough, and it doesn't happen all of the time either.  But it's definitely chronic.  It seems like it might be a bit worse at night, but that may be because the house is quieter and I can hear him more easily.

So I did what any paranoid person would do and went to Google.  I got very few pages on coughing this long after quitting.  Most websites would talk about the quitter's cough and how it should disappear within a few weeks.  The hits I did get on a cough like this were either something along the lines of needing to go to the doctor ASAP, or it's nothing to be worried about and could last for years.

From what I've read, it takes the cilia in your lungs years to fully heal and get back to normal, if ever.  I read that some people can have some sort of cough for months, even years after quitting.  Some apparently can even have it the rest of their life.  Do any of you all have (or had) a cough for this long?

He has no other symptoms that would indicate any sort of problem.  He doesn't have any wheezing, hasn't coughed up any blood, and doesn't have any shortage of breath.  In fact, he runs on the treadmill regularly and doesn't have any issues at all.  I would say overall that his cough has improved since quitting.  He had the smoker's cough while smoking, the quitter's cough, but now he has this.  Like I said, it's not some horrible, gasping for air, falling on the floor type of cough.  He just coughs randomly every so often.  I would also say it definitely hasn't gotten worse since I noticed it.

I've approached both of my parents about this.  And they're both taking it very lightly.  My dad got really defensive and kept telling me there's nothing wrong with him, it's not my concern, etc. while my mom kept trying to reassure me that it's nothing to be concerned about and I should stop worrying.  My dad has a physical in April, and my dad keeps telling me he'll bring it up then.  But if there is a serious problem, then I really don't feel like it's a good idea to sit around and wait for another month when we have the option of possibly nipping it in the butt.

If you couldn't tell already, I'm a bit of a hypochondriac, and more often then not I get overly concerned over nothing.  But he's my dad and I love him and I want to make sure he's okay.  Sorry to burden you guys with this.  But since you guys I imagine have had some pretty interesting experiences with cigarettes, I thought this would be a decent place to get some answers.  I know this isn't a substitute for the doctors, but it can't be a bad place to start, right?  Thanks for the help, and keep fighting the good fight.

EDIT:  I should also add that he does have allergies and doesn't currently take any medication.