Those Are the People Who Smoke Cigarettes

I thought I would wait until a year or something to make a text post, but that timetable has obviously been accelerated. I feel like writing out my thoughts in a venue where particular people congregate.

Throughout my quit, I've found it effective to internally demonize the people around me who smoke. I look at run down, hard luck folks walking on the sidewalk or bumming around outside some decaying building, and I say to myself "those are the people who smoke cigarettes." That has become my mantra, and it has helped me through many cravings. 

I spend a lot of time in court, so I look at the gloomy faces of the accused as they're shuffling through, and I try to think about them smoking cigarettes. I see many of them light up as soon as they get outside. Those are the people who smoke. They're the ones driving ratty rustbuckets, shifting around on torn cloth seats, mashing ashes into their cheap clothing.

They're the ones who are always on some kind of kick, doling out platitudes about their fractured emotional states and unorganized lives. Look at them scraping coins out of ash-dusted trays and gnarled couches so that they may continue to purchase cigarettes. I can hear them complaining about the latest incremental raise in the price of cigarettes, when even more of their money is sucked out of their pockets via sin taxes and deposited into the coffers of the public school system or some other noble cause. 

I don't want to be any of those people. I don't want to wake up when I'm 40 and realize that all I have are a tired list of excuses I feed the few people who are still around me.

I recognize that it's an undesirable character trait to view others with such derision, but I just don't care. That lens is an effective vehicle for me to shed an ugly habit that was a regular drain on my quality of life. I'm happier and healthier than I was as a smoker, and that brutal and recurring monologue is the process by which I've arrived at this point.

No more cigarettes.