I'm making progress but I need to kick the habit entirely.

I watched a youtube video someone linked in a comment on this subreddit when I was laying down to go to sleep. I woke up the next day and had no desire to smoke whatsoever. Mentally, I do not need cigarettes anymore. But physically, my body misses nicotine. I've been going 12-48 hours without smoking a cigarette. 

Before I know it, this dark feeling washes over me. I suffer from chronic depression, bipolar disorder, and generalized anxiety disorder. I also have a fear of my health. It's a deep seated fear that causes me to have anxiety attacks whenever my body feels out of whack. I cannot drink alcohol or take any recreational substances because the highs make my body feeling out of whack queueing anxiety attacks so bad that I find myself in the emergency room. I started using this fear to my advantage. Cigarettes kill. It makes no sense to worry about my health when I smoked a pack a day, right? I used that thinking in a much more logical shape and came to realize how dangerous this habit is.

But when I hit the brute force of nicotine withdrawals, my heart freaks out. My pulse skyrockets. My blood pressure follows suit. I begin to feel strange, resulting in my anxiety kicking my ass. 

I want to quit. So bad. I've shown myself that I have the drive and the willpower to do so. I just don't stick with it. I'll make it a few days and find myself thinking irrationally due to my mental health and I cave. No amount of gum or video games can be distracting enough to beat the irrational thoughts. 

How do I make it past the physical dependency with my mental health disorders? Smoking does bring them out, but not smoking makes them powerful burdens. What do people who have quit smoking despite their mental health disorders do to kick that habit and keep it that way? Smoking has been there for me when my anxiety attacks happen. It helps calm me down and helps me escape the dark clouds. But i want to stop this habit before it continues. I've only been smoking for 3 years. I'm only 20. I have such an open window to erase ever being a smoker before I turn 30. It's a mistake of mine that can be forever reversed by a decent age if I just quit now. 

I'm getting desperate.