So, I went jogging today...

...and it was *amazing!* 

Just some background info: I'm 20, female, in decent shape, smoked at least a half pack a day for four years, and today is Day Five for me. 

I have had a problem with physical stress induced asthma since I was a teen, and adding smoking to that was sure to make me despise running. About a month ago, I became more active (bicycling and light weight-lifting) but I tried jogging a couple times a while ago only to find myself coughing, wheezing, nauseous, light-headed, etc. The farthest I ever ran was 0.5 miles and it nearly killed me. It took me forever just to catch my breath!

I talked to my dad yesterday (who used to smoke two packs a day but has been smoke-free for years) and he said that when he quit, he traded his nicotine addiction for a running addiction, and he recommended that I give it a try. 

Well, I went to the gym today and decided to take his advice. I was pretty nervous and afraid I'd disappoint myself, and I had my inhaler in case my throat started to tighten. I put on some catchy music and actually I ran an **entire fucking mile without stopping.** And I even enjoyed myself! I was breathing heavy, but not hyper-ventilating. I was sweating like a pig, but I didn't die like usual. I cleared my throat at the end, but I didn't even cough. I'm at home now and feeling a little shaky, but god I feel so amazing and happy I could cry. 

I could not have done this without the help and encouragement of my husband. I would've given up on day three, but he forced me to commit to quitting and I'm so thankful for that. I also couldn't have done this without you all: you guys have inspired me and really given me hope for my healthy future!

Running a [slow-paced] mile is a huge deal for me, and I hope that my accomplishment inspires someone else to do the same. I have been eating healthy and exercising, and I'm so thrilled that I took the final step of quitting smoking to be healthier. It's only been a few days and I've already done something I thought I'd never be able to do. I'm proud of myself and I can't wait to get better and faster. 

Thank you for your support, everyone. You guys are seriously the best and I just wanted to give back to this community that has given me so much! 

**TL;DR - Always hated running, but decided to give it a go since I haven't smoked in five days. I surprised myself by running an entire mile without stopping - something I thought I could not do!**