relapsed (sigh)

Hello everyone.
I relapsed yesterday. My brain played tricks on me and gave me fake anxiety that lead to panic that lead to me convincing myself I needed a smoke and soda (which I never drink) and I fell for it. It wasn't worth it. I smoked 4 yesterday and today 2 with 1 more left to smoke. I plan on it being my last cigarette and starting the quitting process from scratch again. Have to be in control of your mind, habits, body, and destiny. Can't let your mind fool you. My mind sure did fool me. I guess I started smoking to deal with anxiety. I'm thinking my mind gave me anxiety and short panic to trick me into smoking, as a last ditch effort. Delusional worries, delusional thoughts, that would never happen, and that are EXTREMELY exaggerated, with no basis on reality. It sucks.
I feel really bad and stupid. Every time I make a dumb decision it happens when I stay up late at night. Every. Single. Time.
Bad things happen at night. Always sleep early. Staying up at night yields no benefits. And encourages bad habits. At least for me. Every relapse seems to be at night. As the night grows my Will shortens. I truly believe sleeping early and waking early is the only way for me to be free of such bad vices. Staying up at night just doesn't work for me. Cloudy thinking that leads to stupid decisions. I'm reading something about nocturnal anxiety, or something, where people get anxiety or panic attacks the later they stay up. It seems I might have something like that? 
I also realized I need to exercise more, and socialize more. Those 2 things will help me get over this, I believe. I'm going to start fast-walking an hour a day and throw in some push ups. Force myself to sleep early and wake up early. Get some sunlight. And prevent the situations that trigger my relapses. Avoid them completely, at least until my brain is completely healed, and has forgotten the nicotine trap. Which will take a few weeks, to months. But I have to change my habits and my character to adapt to this. I can't just sit and wait for things to heal. I have to let the healing happen while I also change my life and my habits for the better, best, version of myself. 
Just some thoughts. Thanks for reading. 