my plan to rid myself of this curse...thoughts?

Ive been a smoker for 8 years. I picked it up in college when i stopped playing sports.  I had quit cold turkey 6 years ago, along with my roommate when i realized i wasnt smoking casually and was fully addicted. that all ended 3 months later when i got waaay drunk and woke up with a stranger in the bed and  pack next to it. we had 3 cigs that day before she left and i realized what a fool i was and flushed that 3 months down the drain. cravings were back and i was weak.

i know that going cold turkey again is unreasonable for me.  i know myself. im a creature of habit(obviously) but more than that. ima a reward myself smoker. i got in the car. good job me, lets reward ourself with a cig. i got off the train good job, lets smoke to celebrate. finish lunch? nicely done, lets pop one in and get that good stuff. finsih a beer like a champ, better have a butt.. that beer was tough.... and so on. 

i figure a big part of it was the convenience. always having a pack on me, meant i was never more than 10 seconds away from lighting up. so i would.... often. ligting them for fun or outta boredom with down time at work.  at work we dont have a "water cooler" we have a smokers section. so heres where the attempt to stop comes in.

i hate the alternatives. gum and patch made me nauseous all the time and e cigs blow. but something had to be done so i switched to a pouch of american spirits. its awful. theyre terrible. theyre harsh, a pain to roll and i  feel like a broke gutter punk when i sit and roll em in front of a group.  and its working... so far.

i cant roll one while walking, or driving, i can let one hang outta my mouth while working, and i certainly cant roll one after drinking a few....and they suck. all around suck. and i like that about em. a regular pack would last me a day and a half maybe 2 days(10-15 cigs a day). this pouch has lasted 2 weeks. (4-5 a day that i cant even finish)


for the first time i feel like ive actually "cut back" successfully. by taking away the convenience factor, and making it an all around unpleasant experience, i actually feel as if being able to put that crap down for good is around the corner. but time will tell.

so thats my lil story. its working for me, so far, and i felt like sharing it with you fine folks. 