How can I help my boyfriend quit?

Apology for the wall of text. Most of this is background, you may skip to the bottom to my actual question.

Lets start with the understanding that I have never smoked, do not like it, cannot understand why someone would, or how anyone could be so blind as to how much money it wastes.  That being said, I recognize that it is an addiction, another thing I have no way to grasp.  Let me also say that I am anosmic- I cannot smell- which always has me paranoid about stinking.  I don't want to smell like smoke, I don't want my stuff to, and I don't want to be with someone who smells of it, which seems silly, right?, because I'd never know.

My boyfriend is mid-thirties, and a chef.  Almost all chefs (except executive chefs, it seems) smoke.  That in and of itself boggles me, because smoking ruins smell and taste, which- for people who are so passionate about cooking- seems to me to be a big enough turn-off with how into food they are, but I digress.

We have been together almost two years.  At the very beginning of the relationship he told me he'd like to be quitting in a few years.  Earlier this year before heading for his winter job he quit (got e-cig and gum to help, but the e-cig "isnt the same"), the job got stressful, and he started again without telling me.  At the time we had just moved to a new [very expensive] area (for his work), and we were on a tight budget.  I was the budget keeper, in charge of all shopping/errands/bills/etc.  I notice charges online for the 7/11 store.  I confront him after the 3rd or 4th time (not in a mean way, just saying "hey, if you're stressed I'd like you to talk to me about it.  You know we don't have the money for this.  This is why we got the e-cig, but you haven't touched it in two weeks), he apologizes and says he knows, I'm right, blah blah, we move on.  Another week later.   Another 7/11 charge.  And then again.  We have the same conversation two more times, only now it's getting just plain hurtful that he is doing this behind my back full well knowing he can get away with a smoke on his walk home because I won't be able to smell it on him.  

Now that job was insanely stressful (I'm talking 110 hour weeks).  At that point I recognize it's just not going to happen at this juncture, so I say, hey, if a pack a week is going to help you get through this until we can get back to our main summer job, fine.  He doesn't need the stress of disappointing me on top of everything else.

Then that job ends and we come back to our summer job in the country, where cigarettes are 3 times less expensive.  His job here is not stressful, in fact, it's about as good as it gets for a chef.  He's on a pack every 2 or 3 days.  When we'd first gotten back he was at about 1 a week, but now its just at every chance of boredom, every time he's able to take a break at work.  We've spoken about it a couple of times, and I always try to go about it in the least confrontational way possible (he shuts down at confrontation anyways), but it usually just ends up in a no-resolution "Yeah, it's not good for me" with no other acknowledgement that he'd even like to quit anymore.

At times this leads to me getting upset.  He's 10 years older, I'd like to live a full life with him, but he is killing himself and I don't know if I can watch him do that.  Let alone that our move back here cost a pretty penny and we owe his aunt $1000 for helping us get here.  We bought a beater truck that will likely need a suitable and more permanent replacement by the end of October.  We need the cash, and I know it's only around $15 a week at this point, but if we are trying to save up for these big joint purchases together, I feel like that money could be better used.  Am I being unreasonable with these thoughts?

**TL;DR:  My question to you is:  I want to help him quit without nagging, but it just seems like he doesn't even want to anymore.  What were some incentives for you to quit? What are some good metaphors or things I might be able to say to help along the process?**  I know that he has to want it, which he used to, but I'm not so sure anymore.

It seems like every time I bring it up now (once a month or less) he just brushes it off.  He mentions how his ex-wife used to nag him about it.  I don't want to be that person, but I can't watch him kill himself, and to be frank, we need that money.  