Submitting success report

Not enough people on here come back and say "I did it, I'm done. Goodbye." Someone needs to keep posting good news otherwise others will lose hope.

Summary:

I did the easyway. 4 years smoker- 5 to 18 a day. average ~9. I stopped halfway through the day out of disinterest and didn't even need a "last cigarette." I went to a party that night and wasn't tempted to smoke. I just didn't want to. I even found half a pack of cigs just laying there when I helped clean up and I didn't want to take any. 

It's been about a month now. I'm sure I can qualify for someone has has permanently quit. I didn't even mention that I made the decision until a week in and only told one person. After 2 weeks, I think 4 people knew. After 3 weeks, I was confident telling people I don't smoke anymore. I withstood various triggers without difficulty. I think I had maybe...6 or 7 "cravings" the whole time. 2-3 of them were because I missed going outside, listening to music, and chilling on my porch. Those desires were satisfied by replacing them with going for a bike ride. The other "cravings" were brief, several seconds at most. The only reason I had them was because I wanted to make withdrawls stop, but I realized that every smoker who stops needs to pound through them.

The withdrawls for the first week were barely noticeable. I took cranberry extract, biton, and several other nutrients to speed up metabolism. That "I want a cigarette" tension went away after about 3 1/2 days. The next few days were uneventful. Then, I started getting easily agitated, tense, and depressed. This went on for about 10 days. I shut myself out in my room during most of that time. I was feeling really hopeless, like a depressing hopeless and my self esteem was suffering. I knew that I didn't have much more time left until it passed, though. I fought of the anxiety and depression from it by giving myself more things to do and socializing more (after staying in my room for those 2 weeks). 

I began to have HUGE issues with sleep 1 week in. I woke up every hour or so. I read it's normal and just another thing I have to slug on through. After 2 weeks, I could barely sleep at ALL. Maybe 3 hours a day if lucky. The forced social isolation with no stimulation (nighttime lying in bed) probably contributed a lot to that depression feeling. I found ways of forcing myself to sleep (melatonin 5mg, cup of lemon balm, cup of chamomile, warm milk, 2 OTC sleeping pills, progressive muscle relaxation, orgasm, eating an ice pop on my porch (to mimic the "nighttime cig"), 20 minutes of meditation, lights off, blasting the AC, binarial beats for sleep, and putting on a boring video...I had to do all of these things consecutively within 45 min if I wanted to sleep). Now I tend to oversleep (~11-13 hours), which is better because it's easier to fix that than not sleeping. I probably would have avoided most of that anxious and depressed feeling if I had caught my sleep disturbances earlier. 

Overall, I have no interest in smoking. I was at a party a few days ago and smelled someone smoking. It was odd because normally I would smoke as soon as I see someone else do it. I think once I dissociate the smell with me smoking (should happen on its own after enough exposure) I should have every thread cut. I made my own so I have a whole drawer full of tobacco and ways to smoke it waiting for someone to do something with it. It's been there since I stopped. I pay no mind to it.

Basically, I decided to quit( about...3 1/2 weeks ago?) and I was successful. The withdrawls are gone, so there's nothing that can be satisfied by a cigarette. I feel disconnected from the habit. The withdraws were annoying, but if you want to quit, you're going to have to just deal with it. 

I'm not interested in talking about how it effected me or how I feel or any of that, but if someone has a question on what I experienced or what I did feel free to ask. 