My story

So, I started smoking at 15.  It started with just a few every now and then.  Then once addiction kicked in it was a lot of sneaking around trying to burn one.  That continued until I was 18 and then I was finally able to do it out in the open.

I don't think I ever really enjoyed smoking.  It was something I did to compliment the other substances I was using at the time.  It didn't seem nearly as bad as the other things I was using so I just kept at it.

Then shortly after that, I joined the car business.  It then turned into something I would do when I was stressed, which was a lot.  My boss hated the fact that I smoked so I tried hiding it.  I felt like I was 16 again.

A couple of years passed and then I joined the dealership that I'm at now.  Boss doesn't care if people smoke, so most people do.  Then smoking escalated from something to do when stressed to something just to do as well as when I was stressed.

Then I got engaged.  My fiancee told me that she is going to quit (only smoked 1 or 2 cigarettes a day so not too much of a task) and that I should too.  I said "Yeah, sure.  After I'm done with this pack.  I'll get some nicotine gum or something."

The gum worked for a few days and then the next thing I knew I was bumming dips and snus off of some of the guys at work.  I figured, well, it makes me feel even better, I'm not killing my lungs, and I won't reek like smoke.  That escalated to me buying my own tins.  It didn't take long for her to figure out what I was doing.  She was totally grossed out by it even though I never really did it around her and I made a habit of brushing my teeth more often.  I basically had a "Well, shit" sort of attitude after that, so I bought another pack of smokes and fired up again for about 6 months.

The same conversations and arguments happened over and over again.  Grand idea: nicotine patch.  That has to work!  It worked for my Dad, after all.  And it did.  I went 6 months without touching a cigarette.  Then we went to a party, I had a few too many, and decided, "Ah, what the hell.  It's not like I'll remember it."  I ended up smoking about half a pack in just a few hours.  I woke up the next day hacking and coughing and for some reason I thought another one would straighten me out.  So I bought another pack.  Then another.  Then another.  So on and so forth, escalating each week for about another 6 months.

That brings us to the present.  Six days ago I put out my last smoke, bought some more patches, downloaded the Smoke Free app, and now I spend most of my work day thinking about how great it would be to have just "one last one".  Which, as Dr. Cox from Scrubs put it, "The last ones are better than sex.  Trust me, I've had about a thousand of 'em."  I have had about a thousand "last ones".  And while the urges, cravings, and temptations are sometimes overwhelming, I can only hope that the one I put out a week ago is my real last one.

Just wanted to share my story.  Hopefully it helps someone.