a horrible few days. my nicotine withdrawal story

I don't know if this is going to end up being a rant, or a story or whatever, im just going to explain what ive been going through physically and mentally the past week or so.

I kinda quit smoking after restarting for a few months because I saw myself becoming addicted again. and I had already quit and been over cigarettes for a while (year or more)
Now I was never a heavy smoker, even in my first  smoking period of about 2 years. typically I was about a 3-5 cig a day smoker on average. quit for a while because I was having bad sinus issues from those damn Camel crush cigs. it was mentally tough but physically no problem. I had cravings but that was about it. fast forward maybe 2 years and well on two occasions within a few days I smoked a cigarette while drinking. which reminded me how nice acohol and tobacco seem to mix. and I also like to smoke cannabis which also goes nicely with tobacco. so then I got real drunk one night and smoked a few cigs and bought a pack. when it ran out I bought another. I didn't want to be a smoker again though so I usually would take only a few puffs  or maybe half a cigarette at a time because I was insanely stressed with work.

fast forward to now, about 3 months after that first pack I mentioned buying. unless I was inibriated, I wouldn't really have more than one cig a day but they were American spirits. these fuckers have some nicotine in them. lots of it, I think. because after I had convinced myself I had become addicted again and needed to stop before it got bad, I decided no more smoking. just randomly.

ok... so your going to quit, good for you, why was your experience sooooo bad if you were only up to one a day? 
well I was switching from day to night schedule for work. so instead of going to sleep at 1 am, im going to work at 1 am. I think its fair to say my insomnia and lack of decent sleep  made things way worse. 
also ive been a big stoner basically, and I had decided to cut back on that so my supply was not what it used to be.

ok so you have all facts... 
the first day was rough because of a lack of sleep and general nausea but I wasn't worried about quitting at all since I had done it before. I had cravings and I just told myself not to give in to that wanting. the second and third day were fucking HORRIBLE. I felt like I needed to go to the hospital. I couldn't think. I couldn't eat. I couldn't sleep. getting sweats and shakes. I was angry at nothing in particular, just bad mood all the time. I was walking around work like a zombie. no energy. wanting to throw up. seriously wanting it, thinking I had something wrong with my stomach. then I started feeling my tonsils and lymph nodes swelling. I was so confused because I didn't know what was going on but I just felt worse than ever. after readings about nicotine withdrawals, everything seemed to make more sense. I guess for whatever reason, I had a really really bad withdrawal this time. today wasn't so bad. I still want a cigarette but im going to keep pushing it  away until I feel im comfortable with an occasional cig( maybe 2 or 3 a year)

i understand opiate and cocaine addicts a little better now. i felt soooo sick. and once i realized it was nicotine withdrawal at its worst, mixed with the serious cravings, i was like oh shit i bet a cig would make me not feel so sick! but i never gave in! damn i wanted to though. just to end the ridiculous nausea. even weed wasn't helping enough.
i didn't want to quit to save my lungs or anything, i just don't want to be addicted. i think tobacco is fine in moderation, just like everything else. but that habit of smoking daily is a bad one. and i need to address my daily cannabis use soon as well. smoking is my addiction. or my crutch. the substance isn't the problem, its the temporary solution to the mental problem i have procrastinated addressing. 