My one month report - Long read - 

Hey everyone, I feel kind of wierd saying this, but I forgot I was quitting smoking, thus the late progress report.

I was about a pack - pack 1/2 a day smoker. I had tried quitting numerous times to no avail. Within a week, I was always back at the smoke shop picking up some more marlboros.

I quit after reading Allen Carr's book. This book worked so well that I was able to have people smoke around me and even in my house immediately after quitting, with little effect to me. People would ask "Is it okay if I smoke around you?" I'd give them a lighter and an ash tray and tell them to go ahead. This was pretty much the point at which I realized I could do anything. So I did.

8 days after stopping smoking, I started keto (A diet for those not in the know). 

Two days after that I stopped smoking weed. I used to always be constantly high. I was high before I even woke up. I went into work high. I went on dates high. Etc. This was also the day I chose to stop drinking until I am capable of not getting addicted again. I wasn't a heavy drinker, but pot and alcohol were my go to stress relievers.

The same day that I stopped smoking weed, I started nofap.

A week or so after stopping weed and starting nofap, I started lifting.

And finally, on the same day that I started lifting, I started reading self help books to become less socially awkward. It helped.

Next on this list is to try to stop biting my nails. I've done it as long as I remember, and have a feeling this is going to be worse than quitting smoking because I do it without realizing I'm doing it.

I'm happy to announce that within the past 36 days, I have not cheated or relapsed on anything. I've lost 18 pounds. I've stopped hacking and occasionally puking every morning. I no longer need weed to function and sleep. I'm more social and less awkward (I can look people into the eyes without feeling like I'm going to explode!). I have more muscles than I've had in my entire life. My prediabetes is gone. Oh, and my acne went away.

I'm not saying this to brag at all. I'm merely showing the how quitting smoking has started an avalanche of self improvement. You guys have changed my life. I was in a downward spiral where all I did was smoke cigarettes and pot. I stayed in all of the time and would just fap instead of risking going out and meeting someone who may not like me. I lost my job and resorted to asking for money from family to support my smoking habits.

It wasn't all sunshine and rainbows (especially the quitting weed part; I couldn't sleep for a week). It was hard. I wanted to give up a few times. I had to post here to stop me from relapsing once or twice. It was SO worth it though. My entire outlook on life has changed. It is amazing how being able to breathe gives you a whole new look on things.

I just want to say one thing to end this. If someone who has as little willpower as me can make all of these changes in one month, what is stopping you from doing it? You can make all of the excuses that you want, but with the money you save from not smoking you can pick up a cheap weight bench and start working out. The rush I get from this alone more than makes up for whatever relief I thought cigarettes gave me. The self confidence, muscles, and energy was just a welcome side effect. I don't care if you already work out. Do it more. It will take your mind off of everything and will make you healthier.

TL;DR - Quitting smoking gave me the motivation that I needed to turn my life around. I am a completely different person than I was 36 days ago.





