Please help me help my SO. As I don't smoke and never experienced the addiction, I don't know how to support my SO in the quitting process. I'd like to know how from the wonderful people who have managed to do it and are still trying.

Hi! I hope I'm not breaking any of the subreddit rules in asking these questions. 

I'm nearing my wits end lately with my SO, which sounds really awful, but I haven't shown it to him so I hope that doesn't seem so bad. He's been smoking for around 5-6 years and he's been with me for nearly 1 of those years. He said he wanted to quit when he moved in and he started that journey.

This went from 15+ rolled cigarettes per day to around 5 or 6. Which I was really impressed with as he used to smoke nearly constantly. He even managed to get his smoking down to a point where he went nearly 2 days without one about 5 months ago. 

Unfortunately this progress has done a flip and he reached number 5 for the first time in 7 months or so. I feel like he's given up. He tells me he hasn't, but he's getting up nearly every hour to have one and showing no signs of attempted restraint. I understand that this is a common thing that happens to some who try quit. I also understand that this isn't necessarily where he breaks down and gives up or that this is a terrible sign in of itself. But it's a wake up call that when he said it was getting easier, it must not have been and he may need a different approach - sometimes it seems as though he expects to wake up one day and not crave one at all. He has a very addictive personality and OCD which help contribute to this.

This is the point where I don't know how to encourage him without showing my disappointment and frustration. It's his journey, in the end, but that doesn't mean he has to travel alone and I'd like to help him reach his destination goal of not smoking (as he says it's still his goal). 

Is there any way others have helped you through your quitting process? How did you manage to actually quit and how long did it take you? If you had a SO while you were quitting (real or imaginary) what would you have wanted them to do to help/what did they do to help?

I hope I don't come off as a bad person here in any way. I understand it's his life and his journey, but I'd like to be there to support him. 

Any help would be greatly appreciated :) thank you. 