I quit because my favorite sports team lost a big game...

I had tried to quit a dozen times before but I always broke down after a few weeks. I was able to get over the physiological withdrawal but I was never solid in my resolve to stop smoking long term. It always seemed to sneak back into my life. 

Well, on this particular day I was very happy and confident about my favorite team winning a large sporting event, so were others. I think one guy put $5,000,000 on the team to win. They didn't win. They did the opposite of that. I hadn't smoked all day because I wanted to be a little on edge for the game and I wanted to smoke a victory cigarette. 

After the devastating loss I went out to my car, sat in the driver's seat and took out my pack. I just kinda looked at it. A very weird feeling came over me. I realized that I wasn't about to smoke a victory cigarette, it was going to be a cigarette of defeat, they all were. 

I wanted to feel proud of something in that moment and the team wasn't going to help me out with that. So I thought, "Why not make myself proud? I can probably do some cool athletic things if I'm not thinking about my next cigarette every 5 minutes of the day." And so I put the pack back in it's place in my car and walked back into the house. I don't remember my last cigarette because I didn't know it was going to be my last one. I'm sure it was just like all the others though. 

So my badge says 2263 days. That's cool. I didn't really count the days when I stopped, I counted miles. I started running a few days after I quit. I ran so much that I woke up a year and a half later with 26.2 tattooed above my ankle (miles in a marathon). Total I've run 10 half marathons and 2 marathons + 25-30 races between 3 - 9 miles. I think I've run about 1500 - 2000 miles total. All of this would have been impossible to do if I had continued smoking. I hope it sounds like I'm bragging because I am dammit. You can brag too once you do cool stuff.

I've found that it's possible to stop today but you can't do it if your mindset is quitting, you have to want to succeed in not smoking. Those might sound like the same thing but they aren't. Quitting smoking suggests that you are stopping a current action, succeeding in not smoking suggests that you are preventing a future action. 

If you're always saying the phrase 'I'm quitting' during conversations, what do you think you're going to do when something becomes difficult?  

So, when someone asks you if you want a cigarette today, tell them that you can't because you aren't a quitter and you're trying to succeed.


TL;DR - Team lost. Started running. Didn't quit, succeeded instead. 
