Smoking my last smoke...again.

I managed to quit for like 3 weeks. Then 2 weeks ago I got a bad case of anxiety and it fell down from there. And I've been smoking 5-7 cigarettes a day since then. It's bad. Really bad. I think it all comes down to me not following through on the things that I know would benefit me, certain habits that I know would help me have more control over myself and my urges, and would prevent relapses entirely, like exercise, or being more social. 


I'm quitting again because I feel disgusted with myself. I don't want to be hooked on a drug that I need to schedule into my life so that I can normally function. It's such a pathetic feeling to be controlled by a substance. It really kills confidence, and serves as nothing more as an excuse, or a distraction, from true potential. Not to mention in the long run, it just gets worse and worse. 


I think all drugs are just bad, but that's just my opinion. 
I think anything that causes even mild withdrawal symptoms is definitely bad for you. 
I''ll be coming here anytime I feel the urges are too strong to handle. And I'll just write and it get out of my system. 
I never want to smoke again. 


I want to be a non-smoker for the rest of my life. I'm sick and tired of quitting again and again and again. One time should be enough for a man who truly wants to get their shit together. But failing again and again on something you know you want to completely quit and get rid of in your life? It's pathetic to not even be able to handle that. Psychologically, it makes you feel weak, and that you can't accomplish what you set your mind to. 


I don't want that feeling anymore. I have this last cigarette that I'm lighting up right now. I'll make sure its my last. It's a promise to my present self, a gift to my future self, and an apology to my past self, for ever being duped into such a stupid, disgusting, psychological and physical addiction, in the first place. 
It stops here. Cold turkey from now. I will do it right this time.
Done is done. 