I was doing so well by not having a cigarette in four months, but I snapped :\... I need your help once more to help me quit for good.

So after four months of quitting smoking and almost two thousand cigarettes not smoked, but I gave in to just one and was hooked all over again. Let me tell you how. I went on holiday to see my family in Italy for a couple of weeks just before Christmas. When I arrived in italy, I decided to buy my friend a pack of lucky strikes for when I came back. This was our favourite brand of cigarettes back when I was fifteen in Japan and is when I started smoking. When I got home to tell my mum I finally quit, she just said "good, you cannot afford it." That really fucking pissed me off, no support what so ever. Not to mention the insult along with it, especially since I am doing so well for myself. 

Anyway, I had a fight with my mother because I had planned a trip for months and my mother refused to let me go. That pissed me off enough to pick up a cigarette, which I bought for my friend, that night and I thought it was no big deal. I had four and threw the pack away. Besides the ridiculous cravings, I really had no access to buy cigarettes where I was. When it was finally time to leave, I had a long layover in Switzerland, which was fucking amazing. Met a few locals, went to a few bars, went to a crazy club, and had a great time! Although I did smoke almost a pack of cigarettes while over there. Not exactly proud, but I just did not give a shit and had so much fun.

I have one last Lucky Strikes cigarette and I told myself I will not buy another pack. I have been smoking since I cam back and not exactly spacing them out either. I need to quit again as not smoking for months was one of the best decisions I have ever made. I hope I can go through this without snapping, but I know how hard it is to quit. I will try not going through nicotine replacement therapy with my vaporizer this time, as I want nothing to do with nicotine anymore. 

I am just pissed at myself for having that one cigarette, that I thought was okay, and thinking it would be no problem. The next few days are going to suck and I can assure you I will be posting more very soon. I plan to go to the gym for my cravings and just stride through them. You guys helped me quit last time four months ago, and I am hoping you guys will help again. I appreciate community here and thank you guys so much for the support, you have no idea.

tl;dr Went on holiday in italy, my mum's reaction to me quitting was "good, you cannot afford it anyway," picked up four cigarettes, and then smoked a pack in Switzerland while drinking at the bars and clubs. Had a crazy fucking time in Switzerland meeting the locals and doing crazy shit. 