That's it...

I'm done. Today is my 24th birthday and I've been smoking for 3 and a half years and today marks the day that I officially quit. For good. 

I quit once already this year on New Years Day but shortly there after my girlfriend left me and I couldn't keep it up. It's been 2 months since then and I've since learned that she's been lying to me, stringing me along, and playing games. From when she broke up with me until I learned that a couple weeks ago, I was struggling with crippling depression and anxiety and I couldn't bring myself to quit. I couldn't eat, I couldn't sleep, she knew that, and she kept right on playing. Now, instead of sadness and regret, I feel anger. Thanks to her I lost 10 pounds from not being able to eat. That may not seem like a lot but I only weighed 160 to start with and I'm 6 feet tall. There was nothing left of me. 

It was a blessing in disguise. That 10 pounds got rid of the little bit of ponch on my stomach and since I learned what she's been doing I've gotten back into my p90x routine. It's been 2 weeks and I already see and feel results. My stomach is more firm from the extra muscle and loss of fat and my arms and back are more toned. Now there's 1 beast left to conquer. Cigarettes.

If you had asked me 3 weeks ago if I could quit smoking I would have said no. I was too sad all the time and smoking helped me with the anxiety. Now, I hate her. I hate her for what she did to me. I was not the perfect boyfriend but I certainly didn't deserve what she did. Now I know I'm better off without her. I'm going back to school in the fall, I have the drive to be in the best shape of my life and I don't want to smoke anymore. I have no where to go but up from here, and up I will go. 

Inevitably I will run into her again (she transfered to the same program at the same school as me, after she knew that I was going there) but when she sees me she's going to realize what a mistake she's made. I have a new found confidence that I'm going to unleash tonight when I go out with my friends. Who knows, maybe I'll get lucky ;) All I know is thanks to that bitch, I've found that drive to make myself as awesome as I can be. 

Maybe that's the wrong reasons to quit smoking, but I'll be damned if I let her ruin my life any longer. She's the reason I started smoking again so as far as I can tell, she's going to be the reason I quit again except this time she can't fuck it up for me.

Wish me luck fellas. Badgebot, we won't be talking again. You have heard the last of me.