Helping a family member (Rant, be warned) [help]

Hi, 

Thank God, I don't smoke myself. I'm a 22 year old College Student. I never will.  

I think I may have posted here a few times in the past, I don't remember. Ultimately, I got my grandfather (he's about 80 and has smoked most of his life, I think) an e-cigarette. Sure, it wasn't quitting completely, but the change in his health - his energy, his coughing, etc was incredible. He's gone back and forth since then (over about a year or so I guess) between e-cigs and normal cigs. I think he justifies his normal cigs with tar-guard filters (which I also bought for him in an effort to help). 

When I bought him the e-cig, he was very grateful. Like, enormously grateful. He loved it too. He was so much happier.  I also bought him the Alan Carr book, but he doesn't read. 

It just makes me fucking angry, as you can understand. 

Lately he's gone back to regular cigarettes. He gets these coughing fits which turn into kind of a black out/seizure because he's not getting enough oxygen. These only happen when he's on regular cigs. He refuses to go to the ER and my grandmother refuses to force him. (FYI, she quit like 20+ years ago for good). He's had two in the last day, likely due to the stress of 3 young grandkids being here (they are leaving tomorrow thank god), he's been chain smoking live i've never seen in my life) 

Tomorrow, my mom will be calling his doctor to make sure he knows what is happening. (My grandfather will quit smoking regular cigs for like two weeks before his doctor appointments so that his lungs look better and shit). I have no idea if his doctor knows he still smokes regular cigs, I have no idea if he knows about these coughing fit/seizures, etc. But he'll know everything tomorrow. We know it's happened at least 4 times over the past year, but probably has happened more than that. 

Tl;Dr: Help me. And please don't let this be you. Please quit now. THIS WILL BE YOU.  My grandfather is one of the smartest men I know. Bilingual in French and English, a brilliant engineer, and then these fucking cigarettes. 

I want to go find his marbollos and fucking crush them right now while he's asleep. He lives right down the street and I know where he keeps them. 

This is more of a rant than anything. I know I can't make decisions for him, but I just have to put this out there somewhere. 