How to completely eliminate cravings on day 1 quitting.

Sing.  Wait!  Let me explain.

Sing like you're alone at home; like you're on a deserted road with the windows up; like nobody can possibly hear you.  Really put something into it; try to match the notes to your song, keep up.  

Here's what it will do for you:

1. Singing requires taking frequent deep breaths, and often singers get a kind of high because this provides a rush of oxygen -- something your brain probably hasn't felt in a long time.

2. The pleasure from this cleansing rush of oxygen completely drowns out the discomfort of withdraw symptoms.  

3. Singing is a great outlet for emotional release, thus cleansing the frustration and stress of cravings.  

4. This exercises your lungs, hastening your recovery.

I don't know why I've never seen this shared, but I discovered it years ago.  Part pro-tip, part lifehack... too bad those subs wouldn't take it.  But it works, and after a few songs you will find yourself feeling reinvigorated, awake, alert, and your head will be clear.

In the past, I tried patches, gum, lozenges, pills, plans, meditation, social support, new people, places, and things (trigger avoidance), and none of it helped.  This works like a cure.

This will not *permanently* erase your cravings.  The effect should last about an hour or two; same as it would take to get your next craving after your last smoke.  So, use it wisely especially before important events where you must have a clear head.

Important: If you feel dizzy, take a break.  Your brain isn't accustomed to this much oxygen entering your system so quickly.

Bonus: If you do it often enough, you will develop your voice and that in turn develops confidence.  Your speaking voice will change in a way that greatly enhances your presence everywhere you go.  If you light up again, it will completely destroy this benefit by adding hoarseness to your voice and reducing your inflection and intonation ranges and control.

Good luck and congrats.