Crazy motivational event just occurred on my fourth day post last cigarette.

So.
I am a college student on winter break, and lately I've been having trouble being motivated. I was supposed to be getting a job to get some money before I went back to school at a restaurant near my college where I can get to from my house/when I live in the dorms, but I had applied way back mid December, but haven't gotten a call. Also, I procrastinated  on classes and didn't apply till late, and didn't have an opening to one of my classes, so I was put on a wait list.

Everything changed when I decided to stop smoking cigarettes. I have this winter class for calculus that is sort of like a winter boot camp to improve my GPA. It really has been the only source of significant structure in my winter break so far. Well, I was on the way to one of these classes at 8:20 in the morning to make it to the 9:00 class. I had already slept through one, so I made sure I left early. At about 8:30 I was frantically looking through my car for my cigarettes, which I was absolutely positive that there were 3 left in that pack of camel blues. I decided that I must have left them at home or something, so I flew back to my house to get them, then before I went in the house I took a desperation look in some of the weird places. And, sure enough they were chilling beneath the back of my passengers seat in a weird place. Faster than I could find my lighter, the cotton filter was between my lips, and my hands were reaching through compartments for a lighter. I knew in the back of my mind that by going home I would probably risk being 5 to 10 minutes late to a class I had already missed, but how could I sit through a 2 hour class without nicotine flowing through my cells. I realized I can't live the rest of my life like this, I knew that I needed to quit smoking. Never again was my life to be centered around the money pit that I had let control me for the past two years, especially lately since I've gone to college. I took the remaining two camel blues, and broke them, because there was half a cigarette attached to the filter, I broke them into thirds.

What-ya know...
Today I'm 4 days in and not only have I really  felt no cravings what-so-ever. But I got put into my last class not long after quitting smoking, I got a call from the restaurant near my school, had and interview and got the job, which is pretty cool cause now that means I'm going to have a reason to bring a car on campus.
 Also,
 I've started going to the gym at my school at 7 in the morning before my calculus class. Really improving my sleep schedule, which had gone to shit since the winter break. And I've been running distances for the first time since wrestling during my senior year, where I would run 8 miles every Sunday, which was when I was a much less of a smoker. As of today I'm up to 3 miles which got me to the point of exhaustion I haven't seen in years. I loved it. Its incredible how lazy of a lifestyle comes with smoking. It puts you at the mind set that cardio is sorta pointless if your already smoking. 
Plus,
Everything is coming back. I first noticed the other day, when my sister came into the back of my car when I went to pick her up from Kumon (she tends to do this often (she thinks I'm her chauffeur (she knows it annoys me.))) I was breathing normally and i smelt a foreign mint scent, looked back in the mirror and asked "Are you chewing gum?" She nodded back and I couldn't help but smile at the returning sense I had been missing out on.
Another thing I missed,
Was the taste of food. I've missed how crazy the sense of tastes true potential was. The other night I made some pasta, with the classic butter n' salt and it was one of the best meals I've had in quite some time, and its only getting better at this point!

I just got home from hanging out with my friend JT who is a smoker, and I somewhat went into the day questioning my willpower, being the first time cigarettes will be in my vicinity since my last. Nonetheless i drove him to game stop to return some games. On the way there we got some herb and smerked a few berls and got incredibly high. High to the point I procrastinated taking a left for like 6 opportunities and had to go through a congested rotary because of it. He had been smoking his cigarettes, and i have thus kept to my self about them, when he asked me. "Will you get me a pack of the new Marlboro, Southern Blend." which was a mix of 27's and special blend that had just come out. He then went on trying to convince me to smoke one. I went on a 10-15 minute rant of why I am never going to smoke one ever again. I explained that right now his life is living around the chemical nicotine, not only is it destroying his body but hes paying through the nose to have it done. 
I pulled into a CVS.
I was at a solid [8] at this point, and I calmly walked up to the counter and asked the guy for marlboro southern cut, and he looked back puzzled. After a solid search we discovered that it was coming soon, and wasn't in CVS. Instead I had to go to the Deli Mart down the road. When I went in there, I was pleasantly greeted by the gold ribbon on the front of the new blends box. When I walked up to the women behind the register, I couldnt help but notice she had a motherly look about her. I politely asked for the southern cuts, and after a quick presentation of I.D. I fumbled around for the 20 to hand her. She looked at me with the corner of the eye look like the "Are you serious." As she counted my change. When she dropped it in my hands she said to me "You know you really shouldn't smoke those. I just quit after 40 years, and I don't want you to make the same mistake I did." I can honestly say that in the hundreds of packs that I've bought over my 2 year career of smoking, not once has anyone who has sold me cigarettes has tried to convince me to end the addiction. Why is it that the first person to do so had to be not only 1) At an [8], but 2) When I just faced my first real peer pressure since my last cigarette. Jt just left with my cousin Alex to our friend Matt's house. And I went home and decided to share this with you, and confidently proclaim that I am now and forever a nonsmoker. 
Good luck to you all as you come to the point of realization.
