Hello everyone! [X-Post from r/stopdrinking]

I quit smoking and alcohol on the same day and this will be cross-posted, because in my life, cigarettes and alcohol went together for 15 years.  
I have had phases during these where I didn't smoke but did drink and vice versa, I have smoked and drunk in all combinations of these two and this year, in January, I have decided to stop for good before 2015 winks off the calendar.  
This year I got to know myself better, to see how I can tackle my addictions, what works and what doesn't, because, with 365 days to experiment, that's plenty of time to find out what kind of addict I am and to find out how difficult I can make it for myself.  
I have experienced social pressure from my friends and acquiantances in the form of "ein Bierchen" (one small beer in German) and started to reflect upon that at many points in my life, I was the one exerting this same kind of pressure, literally hurting and damaging people around me for the sake of my own loss of self-control which then I used to label as "having fun".  
I have felt the psychological difference between the lie of "I can quit whenever I like" and the fact of "I like to quit, why can't I quit?" and realised which part of me each of these utterances came from, along with the illusion of still being in control, the collusion between what I am addicted to and what I want to do according to my own free will (this experience is currently still dumbfounding me, that the one is not like the other).  
And I am done with it. I have spent 2015 with finding out what it is I would love to do for the rest of my natural life span and I have decided that neither smoking nor alcohol belong into my life plan for myself.

Since I quit both habits, I eat healthier than ever before (I actually believe now that part of my dysthymia which was diagnosed a few months ago was partially due to an incredibly poor diet, which in turn, you guessed it, I partially treated with alcohol and cigarettes; I am currently in the process of relearning what my body craves and acting upon it—which is really enjoyable) and I even plan on doing some sort of physical exercise next year.  

With all the free time I suddenly have during the evenings and nights, I have decided to pick up art and try my hand at learning Japanese, both things I have practically phased out of my mind since getting drunk and having a cigarette became my only interests and were at the core of every social interaction.  

Also, green tea became my best friend. And green smoothies. :D  

I really don't want to repeat 2015 ever again.  

And because you have read this far (or you just skipped the story of struggle), yes, I do have something I believe are either withdrawal symptoms or toxins being released throughout my body: odd headaches, which quickly fade and occur once or twice over two to three days, so cancer it is!

Thanks for reading, you!