My success story: How I unintentionally quit smoking [x-post from /r/stopsmoking]

Let me preface this by saying that i have successfully quit before using the cold turkey method, once for a year and another time for about 5 months. Other than those periods where I didn't smoke I had a half-a-pack a day habit for 8 years. I am now 6 months into my third (and last) quit.

Six months in and my breathing is much better, my blood oxygen levels are better, my blood pressure (never even an issue) is better, my resting heart rate is even lower than it was already, my sense of smell and taste are amazing (I love being able to taste food without a bucket of salt), all in all my life is so much better.

Six months ago I walked into a vape shop and picked myself up a personal vaporizer for liquid nicotine. I started out with a .6% concentration, which is relatively low on the nicotine content spectrum - at the time it was the lowest content available from most vendors aside from 0% liquids - and literally overnight, without intending to, I quit an eight year habit.

I mostly bought the vaporizer for novelty - having tried the shitty blu ecigs and promptly going back to the cancer sticks i was not a believer in their use to quit smoking, but the flavors were pretty good and it was nice to be able to use them inside so i took a friends advice and dove in head first to a higher-end device with some premium eliquid and the difference was night and day; the flavor, oh the flavor was phenomenal. i couldn't even believe people were calling these things ecigs because to me they were nothing alike in terms of battery life, flavor, or satisfaction. I did not throw my pack away, i kept it in my backpack at all times and miraculously after a few days I completely forgot it was in there. I took them out of my bag and put them in my desk at work. A month later i was looking for a pen and discovered that last pack in my desk, still more than half-full, I tossed it in the can without a second thought (I used to check packs I found on the street to make sure they were empty). By this time the .6% juice was starting to make me light-headed and i needed something weaker, i moved down to .4%.

I stayed at .4% for a few months until that started to feel like too much, at which point i started diluting my liquids down to .15%. I now vape 0% when i just want some flavor, and grab some puffs on the .15% when I'm feeling stressed or get a nic craving. I asked a friend for a drag off his cigarette about a month ago while we were out, and I gagged at how terrible it tasted, i no longer crave cigs at all.

I never intended to quit smoking, i never intended to quit nicotine, and here I am on the verge of being nic free with almost no effort whatsoever. During my cold-turkey attempts I struggled immensely with cravings up to and including the 1 year mark (though the longer i went without a smoke the less i craved one), currently I am happy, healthy, and not fighting myself to stay clean. Thanks for reading, hope this helps someone else kick the butts.

[x-post link](http://www.reddit.com/r/stopsmoking/comments/2hw22d/just_discovered_this_sub_and_wanted_to_share_my/)