My Withdraw Experience

I have been quitting cigs, and have been analyzing the effects of withdraw through my own symptoms to show all those who are quitting that we all go through it.

Nicotine Withdraw:

Length: 4 days

Difficulty: 4 out of 10 (Caffeine is so much worse, along with Adderall being right behind it)


Symptoms:

-Flashbacks

-Nervous energy

-Prolong Agitation (it doesn't start it though)


Over all, the entire progress is unusually strange. The flashbacks took me by surprise, I found myself being enveloped by the thoughts of smoking with surprising vividness. 

The good thing is, that being for a stimulant, the withdraw didn't lower my energy. It just made me more ADD like, more difficult to concentrate on subject matter, but when using my own mind to concentrate, I found myself ignoring this all together. 

How can you tell it's over?

Every little trigger that sets off the craving, just loses it's luster. It is not longer as strong, more like a echo of what it truly is.

Do I still experience cravings?
Yes, several times a day in fact. As you can see in my last posts I even tried to look up Herbal Cigs as a possibility for smoking when drinking (my Achilles heal).

But the thing is, it's only a habit right now. Habits fade over time, and become shadows of what they truly are. Yes, we might be dealing with this habit for a while, but the echo continue fading the longer we do it.



We have the wisdom of being a previous smoker, and the experience of quitting it.  We are more knowledgeable than the non-smoker/smoker, because we know and learned the lesson of it. Take pride in that fact.

Edit 1/25/13:


Conclusion:

Nicotine can make smoking seem like a good idea. It almost made me think herbal cigs will do something for me, when in actuality, you are better off inhaling smoke from a burning stove. It isn't the herbal cigs you think you want, it's the nicotine from the cigs. If you really want, get some oregano and start puffing away. If you enjoy that then go for the herbal smokes.

Careful, I am now 8 days in, and sometimes nicotine echo can still play tricks on me. My dopamine levels are still adjusting, so give it a month, and the echo should be diminished to the point of no return. 

Until then... always get your mind off of them asap or echo will get it's strength back! The more you forget, the easier it will be. I very well know that the brain can be a bastard sometimes. Just remember, we control the brain not the other way around.