Relapse

Let me share my story with you.    
Both my parents smoke, so did most of my siblings, meaning that one of them have quit smoking, and haven't smoked in over 3 years, the other still a smoker and the third never smoked.
I began smoking cigarettes some time 5 years ago when I was 17 years old, because well I found it highly sociable, and thought of myself as a cool kid doing this.
Back then I told myself that quitting would be easy, and was convinced that I would stop that same winter. 
I didn't, because I found that I liked it, and the people I surrounded my self with would have more empathy towards me if I kept on, so I did. 
Smoking became gradually less and less enjoyable and more a fix, that I needed to get overwith, still something social, even though I had been smoking on my own, to "calm my nerves" since a month of "party smoking" 
Finally last May, I quit from one day to the other, without any big trouble. 
I promised myself that I would not alienate my friends whom still smoked, and that I would grap any opportunity to go out to get some fresh air when the others went out to smoke. 
And it was quite easy to resist, you know after the others around me understood that I had stopped smoking and stopped offering me cigarettes.. 
Now, my title is called relapse, and that has its place, because I just recently started to smoke socially again, telling myself all the lies and stories, one do to feel at ease about something they know isn't exactly great for them and they probably wouldn't benifit from!   
Just this moment, before I began writing this, I have put out a cigarette, sitting infront of my computer all by my self. 
And I feel.. well I want to say that it's all fine because it was just 1 cigarette, but I also know that it has the potential to be a dangerous excuse. 
   I thought I had it all under control, and I had for some time.. but this is alarming.. I need to stop. 
And this is where I see the potential for this forum for me. 
I am going to get a badge and fight the urge! 
The urge is not anything much more than an impulse that can easily be ignored, with training.. like a bad mosquito bite.. It'll only itch aslong as you keep scratching, or thinking about scratching. 

Good day to you all, and happy new year!