My confession and plea for support

Okay. Using my fake-name account for this because I'm incredibly embarrassed, you'll understand why below. I have heard good things about this subreddit and I am coming to you guys for some support. 

Super wordy back story time!!

I am 27 and have been smoking for ::choke:: 7 years now. I quit for about 6 months once. I am recently back in my parents house from losing my job. I had to turn my relationship into long distance, too. My boyfriend smokes.  My dad smokes, my mother quit years ago.  Both of my grandfathers died from smoking. (One lung cancer, one emphysema and complications.) I only smoke Djarum clove cigarettes, occasionally I will deal with a menthol but I hate the taste of regular cigarettes. I learned a little too late that cloves are not *better* for you, they're *worse.* Also I love going to the hookah bar with my friends. I usually go there with a girl who is actually a non-smoker and only smokes hookah occasionally. 

So here's the embarrassing part. I was born with asthma. I have always had it. It has always just been "moderate," aside from I guess an attack when I was a baby. If I have my inhaler I'm fine. I got into smoking as a "Fuck You" to my college boyfriend who was cheating on me with a smoker and he hated cigarettes. I never thought I'd get hooked because of asthma and my previous hatred of it. I convinced myself that I was fine, that the smoking wasn't making it worse or that I would quit before it got to that point. Again I would just take my inhaler and be okay. In college I was smoking way too heavily, and often puffed the inhaler right BEFORE smoking. Gross. 

Now I'm with my parents and trying to find work. I have a shitty minimum wage part-time for now which isn't even enough for my car payment. I no longer have health benefits. I'm out of money. I can't afford a doctor. I DESPERATELY need my medicine because I can't fucking breathe. Luckily I have a nebulizer with some old medicine and I use that occasionally. But that will run out too and the Advair I took kept everything under control.  

And yet I keep. Buying. Cigarettes. It's only $4, doctors cost hundreds! Stupid logic but if you've ever been poor, living paycheck to paycheck causes some terrible spending choices. You can't afford groceries now, but you have to eat and you have $5 so you get fast food. Yes it's more expensive in the long run but when you have to eat, you don't wait for long run. This is the way I have been operating. Plus with the amount of credit debt I have and bills I owe, my paycheck is laughably too small. 

Not being able to breathe has been a huge reality check. I'm scared for my lungs, I'm worried that I have done irreparable damage since they were shitty to begin with. I know I'm an idiot for what I've done, but I'm an addicted idiot.  I need help quitting. 

I've heard so many success stories with the e-cig but when I tried my friend's, it just made me cough. It was incredibly harsh and it tasted like a normal cigarette which I hate anyway. 

If you stuck through this whole post, thank you for reading it. I've been needing to admit this for a while now. I would appreciate your feedback and tips, and congratulations to all of you who are successfully smoke free. 


