I've been 4 days free but I'm having issues

Hi there guys, just stumbled into this community by searching some quitting advice and I'm grateful for all the tips. But I have a few problems I need to ask about and I'm hoping someone can help me. 

1. Every day since the day I've quit, I wake up with a cigarette taste echoing in my throat that will literally make me vomit out all the food I've consumed the night before. And this has ranged from light snacks, to glasses of water, to a whole burger. So four days now, and I've been vomiting my food away. Which I find peculiar, since appetite is suppose to skyrocket, mine has dwindled and died. Without mental force, I can pretty much forget to eat. The taste in my mouth is akin to waking up with an ashtray poured all over your tongue and throat. This not only happens every night, but every time I successfully close my eyes to sleep. I napped on the weekend, and woke up vomiting my breakfast without concern. 


2. I am still a regular marijuana smoker but smoke pure when I'm at home, I don't see it directly impacting my quitting efforts. And has only been helping me keep my extreme nausea in the morning under check. My question here is, if I smoke marijuana with tobacco occasionally with my friends, potentially could that be a bridge to smoking again? Haven't tried it, and I'm terrified to after going through violent shakes the first day. 


3. I'm planning on quitting the cancer sticks for good, but mentally my mind keeps challenging that all the pain and nausea will go away if I could just have one cig. But, I do realise that's just a relapse harking for me. Does the voice get better? Does it eventually stop? 

Thank you so much for any help guys. Also, just to add some extra information. I've been a social smoker since I was 15, but never bought my own boxes till I dated my current girl when I was 20ish. Addiction ramped from there, and I used cigs as a very effective coping mechanism for almost everything. But I'm done with that shit now. Fuck cigs. 2ish plus years as a regular smoker, i feel like i can leave it behind now. 