22 Days smoke free, here are my two cents

This app and subreddit helped me greatly during my first week to quit so I would like to share my experiance with all the new quitters to help them through the first few steps of the journey. Here's what I have been through while quitting.

0-3 days: I was having very physical cravings, it kinda felt like hitting a wall whenever I'm doing something that reminds me of smoking like for example when I just finished eating and the thought of smoking naturally crosses my mind as I always smoke after eating but then I remember I quit.

4-7 days: This was the most difficult period for me, it wasn't about the physical cravings. I was feeling like I lost a very very close friend. My cigarette was with me all the time every where, when I was happy, I would light a cigarette, when I was sad or stressed, I would light a cigarette but now I couldn't and I felt depressed and I was really considering going back to smoking and justfying to my self "maybe it's worth it, yes I will lose a few years of my life, yes I will suffer alot of health problems but maybe it's worth it" (I know, crazy) and I used to ask myself one question all the time "what the hell do non smokers do with their life?" Like it felt like non smokers are missing out on the most beautiful thing in the world. 

8th day-onward: Exactly on the 8th day it felt almost like a spell was lifted. Just yesterday I was depressed and was thinking to myself "once a smoker, always a smoker" but I woke up on the 8th day in an ok mood, i didn"t think about cigarette all day for the first time like ever and things started to brighten up, I thought to myself "hmmm, maybe I can do it " and here we are today!. Sometimes I would be around a smoker and would have mixed feelings, part of me misses the old days, and part of thinks I am better than them since I managed to quit :).

Things that helped me alot to quit:

1: Green tea with no sugar, I would drink like 10-20 cups a day on the first week whenever I had a craving and its just that I needed to simulate my throat because I was missing the feeling of inhaling a cigarette deeply.

2: Whenever my cravings got unbearable, I would just get out of the house and walk and walk until I reach a park or something just to distract myself, I would come back home 2 hours later feeling tired and the thought of smoking out of my mind.

3: Sometimes your mind plays games on you and you start to question yourself and whether quitting is worth it. You should have one rule on your mind and follow it religiously "I will never smoke, not even one cigarette no matter what"

Btw I joined a gym 2 weeks ago and I feel sooooo much better about myself, a few months ago I tried running on a treadmill and I couldn't run for more than 3-4 minutes before feeling my heart pound super fast and tightness in my chest, I stopped and layed down on the floor for like ten minutes to catch my breath. Now I can run for 20 minutes no problem :)

Best of luck everyone, and in case you are wondering, yes, it is sooo worth it to quit smoking.