Day 6 - Intense temptations

Have managed to drop nicotine cold turkey just over 6 full days ago. The first few days were actually pretty easy. I had some annoying cravings and blood pressure shifts while at work or home, but got past them. Each wave only lasted 5-10 minutes.

Then today happened.

I spent 2 hours writhing around on my couch, pacing around, trying to find distractions, and was sinking on the thought of caving in with a quick drive to the gas station when my friend (who quit 1 1/2 years ago cold turkey) called me while suddenly showing up at my apartment.

Hung out for a bit and then he left. I did just fine, but he pretty much saved me and I told him about it. I spent the rest of the day chewing gum and doing errands, watching TV, etc.

A few hours later I'm WIRED awake when I need to go to sleep, and the temptation kicks in even worse this time. For about 20 minutes I ended up tapping my fingers and bouncing my leg while staring into empty space thinking about a variety of different things. Went on a crazy news article reading spree. I felt like I was hyped up on Adderall or something.

That's something I've noticed since quitting: I'll have highs of hyperactivity, then lows of foggy thoughts and disconnects on what I'm doing. Time also seems to drag on really, really slowly.

The cravings calmed down enough so I didn't feel like my skin needed to be shredded open. Yeah, it gets _bad_ for me. My jaw was tired from chewing gum all day but I had a huge craving to chew on stuff, so I took a trip to the gas station and bought a couple candy bars and a small bag of chips.

I destroyed them.

I'm pretty sure I'll end up gaining more than just a few pounds of weight (sadly, since I lost 44lbs in the past year teasing the 200 mark).. but I tell myself it'll be easier to lose weight than go through smoking cessation all over again.

I'm a recovering addict of smoking, and I will continue fighting for my the freedom of my health, and for the sake of being alive.