The Mind's War Game

I smoked a pack a day for 5 years. There have been 4-5 periods where I've tried to quit smoking in the past, and the longest I ever went without nicotine was 6 days. Longest without a cigarette about 3 weeks (used an e-cig). Five years, or 1825 days, or 260 weeks, and I only spent just over a month of that time without smoking, barely without nicotine.


I'm almost 25 years old and I've been smoking most of my adult life. So what brought me to quit? The $200/mo bill that was my addiction and health concerns. In the past 6 months I've been experiencing tightness in my chest and heart palpitations, particularly when chain-smoking out of boredom or stress. My friend that I've known the longest have been telling me to stop ever since I started, and I've finally quit.


How do I know I've quit? Well, I'm afraid of having a heart attack. I'm tired of being poor because I waste money on cigarettes (and other unhealthy addictions). After over a week of not smoking, I can smell ALL THE THINGS.. including other people who smoke, and how bad THEY smell.


I don't want to smell like that ever again. I realize how bad I must have smelled to everyone around me over these years, most of whom don't smoke. I also wanted to have the ~2hrs/day I spent outside smoking, or the break time at work for actual breaks. I wanted to be free, and to be me. Not someone being milked for profit by the tobacco and health industries.


Before I quit I bought one last carton and in the time I smoked all the packs (which by that point I was smoking half as much, and bumming off the other half every day) I spoke to myself, telling myself how bad I want to be healthy again, how bad smoking is for me, how much of my life is wasted (in money, social aspects, health, etc) on smoking. Every day for a few weeks I coached myself.


On May 14th I had a single cigarette left in the morning before work. My coworker picked me up (as we carpool) and on the drive to work, I smoked my last cigarette down to the butt. I intentionally made sure my last puff burned and tasted bad as a last reminder of what smoking really is.


What has happened since then? Well, the first 5 days were easy. I had maybe 2-3 cravings per day that only lasted 5 minutes or less, and I had developed a technique to dismiss my cravings from iterating my self-coaching. Then Sunday night, my cravings went off the charts for no seemingly good reason at all.


I would pace around the room. I imagined being at a friend's house and asking for a cigarette. I even imagined stealing cigarettes from friends. Or my coworker. Buying a pack? No, can't smoke again. But just one cigarette.. NO, that fucked me over before. Okay, what about a puff, or stick around a pack of smokers? Can't do it, they smell too bad. The taste would be horrible.


My mind goes back and forth in this war on chemical want vs. health, and it drives me crazy. While I'm at work I'm mostly okay except when I get stressed out - which is rare, as my recent new job is really low stress to me. The crazy part is that I have inner dialogue actually arguing, and it's essentially the 'voices in my head' that talk more and more every day.


I guess it's just the first few weeks, but the withdrawal seems to be getting much much worse. I'm not going back to smoking, but I thought I'd share the experience of my battle that seems to keep escalating and getting worse right now.