Replaced cigarettes with walking. Almost 5 months cigarette free. Just passed 2.5 million steps!

I had been promising my wife (for years) that I would quit smoking when we had our first child. My last (half of a) cigarette was an hour after he was born.  
The first few days were not as bad as I had imagined they would be, but I think that was mostly due to the insanity that is being a new parent. I didn't really have time to realize that the irritability, anxiousness and anxiety I was going through *wasn't* due to the lack of sleep that a newborn brings about.  
I don't want to freak out any of the new quitters, but I had insane cravings about 2 weeks into quitting. I had just gone back to work and was starting to go back out with friends. My old habits were starting to trigger me. I really needed something else to replace the addiction with.  
Around that time someone showed me a feature in a messaging app that everyone uses where I live. It syncs up with the iPhone health app and tracks your steps.  It turns out that a lot of my friends were already linked up with the app and broadcasting their steps. I linked up too and haven't dipped below 10,000 steps a day since.  
I started going out for a 7 min stroll instead of going out for a 7 min smoke. After a few weeks I was fully addicted to walking. I starting walking the 2 km to the grocery store or walking home from work on Fridays. Some days I was even breaking 40,000 steps.  
I'm not going to lie. Every now and then it was an excuse to get out of the house and away from daddy duties for an hour. But I also take the little guy out with me all the time (a Baby Bjorn is great for this).    
All in all, I feel much better. I have lost over 10lbs. I have been able to really explore the natural areas around my house. But most of all, it's the things I have avoided. I have avoided the strife and guilt and shame that would have come with not keeping my word. I didn't want to raise my son in a smoking home. I didn't want to have my wife constantly telling me I smell like smoke and that it is bad for the baby (true, but annoying).  
I know that lung cancer isn't 100% correlated with smoking, but I also feel that I want as much time as I can get to watch my son grow up, and I would sure feel dumb if I came down with lung cancer while he was in high school.  
