My thoughts after 2 weeks

Well, I just wanted to share my thoughts after 2 weeks without smoking.

I'm a 19 year old male. I started to smoke when I turned 18, first just casually at parties, then slowly the number of cigarettes per day increased. One on my way to school then after a couple of weeks 2 per day and so on. It is safe to say that i made a couple of friends as I was standing in front of my school and talked to the other smokers. In the end I was at 10 cigs a day, at parties it got to 20-22 or so. 
I had many reasons to stop, first of all was my health. Whenever I had a sore throat (which is of course normal, even for non-smokers) I had a really bad feeling. Secondly I hated to smell like an ashtray at work as I'm working with children. And of course I could not really afford to spend over 90€ per month on cigarettes (less when I rolled my own, but still).
2 weeks ago I said, that this is gonna be my last cigarette. It was the best I have ever smoked. The following day I felt terrible. There was just one thing on my mind: A cig would be nice now. I stood strong ;). my first day at work after I quitted was even worse. Normally it is hard to get on my nerves, but that day I nearly died. Also I was not sure what I could do in my breaks, normally in went for a smoke, which took around 10 minutes. Now I got a cup of coffee and got back to work after like two minutes. What I missed most was just standing outside and smoking, be it after a nice meal or in my breaks or after getting up in the morning.   
in the end I got myself a e-cigarette. I'm convinced that they are less harmful than normal cigs and I'm working at 110% like before, as I'm still getting my nicotine. This weekend I smoked a single cigarette and it was absolutely disgusting, which really helped me in the end. 

Now I'm feeling absolutely great. I changed some other things in my life to get more healthy. I began cooking my own meals for work with a whole bunch of vegetables instead of convenience foods and instead of going to work by motorbike I go there by bike.

tl;dr: If everything fails, get a e-cig. It has all the traits of a normal cig, but you don't kill yourself.

obligatory apology for language, I'm german.