I want to quit

Hey y’all, just found this sub reddit. I want all the advice. I have been smoking for about 9 years, half a pack a day. Lately, I have been wanting a cigarette pretty much right when I wake up, and then again when the coffee is finished (the perfect pair, breakfast of champions). I kinda love smoking. Or atleast, 5 of the half of pack I smoke a day. The other times feels redundant, habitual, boredom, escape.

I have a 4 year old son. Pretty much my biggest motivation, as well as my health of course. I avoid the gym now a days because my chest feels like it’s on fire when I go on the treadmill, and that’s my favorite at the gym. I’m 25 and I really have to force myself to run/jog for 20-30 mins and it feels pathetic. I’m not overweight, but internally I feel like I am because it can be difficult with these damn smokers lungs.

I’m scared to quit. It eases my anxiety (so it seems). Gets me out of work for a couple minutes. I like it socially. I like one if I’m pissed off. I like it while I’m drinking. It’s nostalgic to me. it can almost feel sexy to smoke. I know that’s stupid. Because I’m tired of stinking. I think it’s affecting my skin/teeth/youth/looks. I feel trashy when I do it (i.e. I’ll smoke outside of my car real quick before I get my son out of the car, just smoking when I’m out with him in general just feels pretty awful), I’m tired of my dependency, sometimes I feel like it’s scapegoat to be productive. It’s on my mind every hour that I’m awake. Shit, I’m gonna smoke after this post. But the end is nearing and I’m fucken nervous to fail (I had only stopped when I was pregnant, it was easy then).

I don’t want to vape. But I can see the appeal. I’m thinking the patch to help. All suggestions welcome (I know there’s a bunch of that in previous posts, but I wanted to share my story to make it feel more real and official to me). I kinda want to keep my quitting journey on the low for a bit with my circle of friends/family. 

Thanks for reading. 

