addicted? i wasn't sure...

I was a smoker for 9 years. Off and on so I never thought of myself as addicted or even identified as a smoker. “Smokers are those people whose cars smell like smoke and they light up a pack a day and I am not like that” I’d think to myself. But I’d be craving a cigarette.


And I also convinced myself it wasn’t a problem because I could stop smoking for a week at a time. It went like this, I could go a week without a cigarette and think “hey, I’m doing pretty good, its been a week”, then I’d continue not smoking for almost two weeks... and find myself smoking on day 13! Almost hit two weeks. It was a helpless cycle. Even if I was not around people who smoke, I’d still get this inner craving- I needed a cigarette.  As a matter of fact, I only had a couple of friends who smoke and I wasn’t even living close to them anymore. I’m not saying that environment didn’t influence me. 


Some environments certainly helped me continue smoking for as long as I did. Whenever someone lit up, it was just so easy to say yes or ask to bum a cig. Or when someone walks by with a smoke in their hand, I’d smell it and want a drag. Then the next thing I know- I’m buying a pack for myself.  


I had no control over myself when that craving came. AND I still denied it, “I’m not addicted” I’d always tell myself. And I also think I was pretty good at holding back when I had to, especially around family and that made me feel like I was in control, “yeah, I’m not addicted, I can hold back whenever I want”. I wasn’t smoking a pack a day or anything. But you know, I needed to smoke when that urge came up, and I couldn’t think about much other than the feeling of a cigarette between my two fingers. And if I had a cup of coffee in the other hand, I was in heaven.


This is just my experience and I am not being over dramatic, this is really how it felt. I felt like I was in heaven with a cigarette in my hand and my cup of coffee in the other, there is nothing like it. It was the best. At least for me, for 9 years. Sounds like a drug.. well that’s what tobacco is. It is a drug and you can easily get addicted. But I never identified myself as a smoker, and denied that I was ever addicted. 


But now it has now been 9 months since I’ve had a cigarette. And it is the best now, I do not wake up wheezing. and actually the smell of cigarettes repulses me. I do not really know what happened and I’m not sure how I did it. I was chain smoking... every time I had a cigarette I needed another one, and then another one. What was going on?! I didn’t know but I also knew that each time I held a cigarette in my hand ready to use a lighter, I started to feel bad about it. I don’t chain smoke and it also scared me.


Everyone knows how bad it is to smoke. And I have always had ambitions for myself to be as healthy as I can be and I knew that it wasn’t helping me go in the direction I wanted. I just wasn’t strong enough to cut the habit, like I said earlier, it was a week at a time then I’d go back. What happened is, I just told myself I am not smoking anymore and I guess this time I really meant it. And for whatever reason, the smell of cigarettes now makes me want to vomit. NO, I am not pregnant. haha 9 months.. but seriously, I am so proud of myself and I really wish I could give advice to other people who are trying to quit but I do not know what happened that allowed me to stop. I just really wanted so badly to quit.


After some thought, maybe it was that I realized I was addicted when I started chain smoking so much. And I was more mindful about each cigarette and thought more about the taste and the smell and became repulsed. And I also know that I have long term goals to become more healthy. Yes, I think this is what helped me stop. Because right now, I cringe at the thought of smoking cigarettes, it disgusts me. I cannot remember the same “best” feeling I experienced with a smoke and cup of coffee because it just grosses me out to think of inhaling a cigarette.


I do not miss smoking. And I am very excited that I am leaving this in my past.


Maybe you can relate this to many other things that affect us daily or long-term and not even think of it- whatever it is in your life that you’ve made a habit, and never think of as a problem. Because maybe like me, you can think of it as a choice. Like I chose when I wanted to smoke and that whole week without a smoke was my choice as was deciding to pick up a new pack. Really, it was my addiction that needed me to buy a pack. And ultimately, you need to ask yourself are you truly in control? And what do you want most for yourself? Be honest with yourself when you ask, is this an addiction?


I never thought I had a problem, I never thought it was that bad because I could go a week at a time without smoking. And I wasn’t that smoker, the one whose car reeks of smoke and their voice is harsh. But I would be one day if I kept up this terrible habit. I hope this helps someone in someway... 