I'm taking the plunge

So I've made the decision. *We've* made the decision. My GF and I are quitting.

I know that you shouldn't rely on someone else, so were each doing it for ourselves, and having the support of your S.O., knowing that they're going through this with you, is invaluable. Plus, if she continues smoking I'd have far greater difficulty staying away from them. They'll be out of the house now and out of our lives.

For me, I need something important. Something that I care about as a motivating force and a goal to work towards. I've "quit" for 3-5 weeks before to climb a mountain (boy do you need your lungs at 14,000') and come back to the habit each time when I got home. On the plus side I leveraged my nicotine vacation by switching to ultralights and have been smoking them for 2 years now. (I've always wished that there was something even lighter so that stepping off the habit wouldn't be from quite so high up). Right now I'm unemployed and a bit depressed, which makes it very difficult to get excited about and focused on goals, because I'm feeling rather apathetic and glum, and because I'm stuck at home looking for work and writing letters. But, despite the lack of a good distraction to keep me occupied, there's no better time to get this over with, and no excuse not to just get it done.

My GF never smoked that much and has easily switched to e-cigs, and will probably get bored of them soon enough. So temptation is out of the way. I've got a good e-cig and plenty of flavors and nicotine levels if I want, but I've never really enjoyed them and I don't plan on become a vape-er. I've considered Chantix, but I'd rather not mess with that.

So here's the plan: Step 1) I tell my friends and family I'm quitting. There's no going back; I've thrown my hat into the ring.
Step 2) I quit drinking and cut back from 20-30 cigs a day to just 5 over two weeks. One after each meal and two in backup. Step 3) I go take a hike. I'm leaving next Friday afternoon to head up into the White Mountains of NH and backpack for 2-3 days. This is the best possible thing for keeping myself physically distracted and distanced from nicotine. I have a familiar 30 mile loop planned out. It goes over 10 mountains and can be done in 2 days with a full pack. I can take out my misery and aggression through constant exercise and will be exhausted enough to crash out early at night without having to futz around wringing my hands for hours before bed. Step 4) I'm clean now. I keep going to the gym 3 afternoons and 4 nights a week, going back up to the mountains to hike or rock climb every weekend. My current goals are to summit Mt Katahdin in December and get back into rock climbing. Climbing is a major part of my life and I've been riddled with stress and anxiety lately (probably from excessive driving, smoking and unemployment), and it's begun to ruin it for me. I had a mild panic attack 200' up a cliff face (Where I should normally be having fun) last month and haven't been comfortable at heights since.
So, I feel like I've got a solid handle on this, but it's deep water and I know that I'm not going to enjoy taking the plunge. The physical addiction I know I can get through, but the psychological effects are much more daunting. Smoking has been a constant part of my life for 15 years now, and I know I'll miss it. I expect it to take a couple of years before I don't think about it anymore, but I'm banking on the newfound energy and health (and sense of smell!) to keep my spirits up and provide a constant reminder of why I'm doing this and the value of this major decision in my life.

Thanks again to u/eczajnik for the encouragement.