I started smoking to see how smokers get addicted.

Some short backstory,
I grew up with two brothers who smoked constantly and was constantly intrigued with how they knew that smoking was harmful but they still continued to do it.

When I reached the legal age I decided to try something out, I wanted to try smoking and see what exactly draws smokers to keep puffing on the stick that brings in so many harms and dangers to their body.

What I first did was limit myself and made sure I took note of every thing I felt when I took a puff, I took a stick from a friend and started puffing. The first stick felt like nothing, it felt more like a chimney in my throat but the second one was when the high really kicked in.

It felt as if I stood up too fast and became lightheaded yet it felt as if I was relaxed and didn't have a care for anything in the world and I just felt chatty and social and just wanted to have a laugh.
The first note I realised is that people smoke for the relaxation and to just zone out and chill.

In the few weeks that came I soon also realized that I wasn't addicted to the nicotine high of smoking but to the physical act of smoking. Every time I brought that stick out the pack and lighted it 
I felt like a badass and each puff I took filled my confidence. I felt like someone who didn't give two shits about anything and just smoked cause I felt like smoking.

The other plus side was that if I wanted to take a break from something I could call a friend up to just have a smoke break to chat and just chill for a bit without having to go back into the place that I took a break from.

I started to feel the crave for a nicotine high I stopped smoking altogether and felt the urges and anger in the few days I stopped.

Was smoking worth it? No. I think many kids are pressured into smoking to feel cool and fit in as they view it as something manly that will boost their reputation with all the cool kids in school. 
Eventually they turn to it as a form of stress-relief which snowballs into a packaday habit.
This ties into the physical act of smoking as the smoker feels validated whenever they take a puff with their friends.

I think the most dangerous stage is when you turn to the nicotine high as a form of stress relief which is seriously when you need to stop and reconsider everything as you have formed a dependency on the drug and this is probably when my brothers started their pack a day habit.

Some may call this stupid but I enjoyed learning about how addiction affected smokers because everyone knows that smoking is bad for you but no one really knows why people smoke in the first place. I wanted to break it down to know exactly what a smoker feels and experiences.

I hope this educates any smokers who want to try or want to quit.