over 3 weeks now -- post for people on days 1 - 10

hi folks!

i think this is day 23. posting because i thought that people of roughly this level of momentum were the most helpful in my first couple days: much respect to the 100 and 1000 day people but it seems almost unreachable at first!

couple of notes and advice as well:

1. i don't say 'i quit smoking 3 weeks ago', that seems like hubris to me. i say 'i've been smokefree for 3 weeks.' i know that's almost no time at all. and i feel weird even giving advice out on this thread compared to you oldtimers. i tell a couple of key people that i've been smokefree for 3 weeks, however, to shame myself into keeping going. i'm not a 'sharer', i don't facebook. but if no one knows you're quitting, you aren't quitting! you're preparing to fail in private so that no one will know you failed. tell someone you know will be disappointed when you relapse.

2. i smoked about 5 packs a week in the last couple years and been smoking for 8 years. birthday is august 17th, and i decided that quitting on your birthday is stupid -- give yourself a present of being smoke free for a couple of months. so that's what i'm trying to do.

3. i quit cold turkey. no "ramp down", no e-cigs, no nicotine of any kind. i did that because i'm good at following rules, but i'm bad at tracking progress or following a program. you know people who exercise 3 days a week? i can't do that. i exercise every day, with a rule -- i have to exercise before i can eat -- or it all falls apart.

4. i bought 2mg nicotine mints (not gum) at the drugstore. and i keep them in my pocket. i do this to manage anxiety. thus far i have not had the kind of emergency that has required me to actually use one, but it makes a HUGE difference to have them with me, compared to not. because: i am addicted to nicotine. i'm not addicted to cigarettes. i just like them. but i am addicted to a chemical called "nicotine", and if i absolutely need some, I HAVE SOME IN MY POCKET!

5. for what it's worth, if you are suspecting that you might need to quit drinking to quit smoking,  you are probably right. my attempts to quit in the last year have ALL been thwarted by alcohol. i have also found that that linkage causes some red-flag behavior. basically-- if either i was still smoking but trying to smoke less, or i had quit and then was slipping back into it, i would have a phase where i would only allow myself to smoke if i was drunk. problem was, i was a 15-cig-a-day smoker trying to act like a casual smoker. i found myself getting drunk on like tuesdays just to make it OK to smoke. without even realizing i was doing it. 'well, my friend krista is bartending, and she won't bartend again until saturday but it'll be packed and i won't get to chat with her.' fast forward an hour and i've pounded a bunch of drinks really fast to get to where i feel drunk enough that i 'green light' my real addiction. so, fuck that. in my case -- i decided to quit drinking for 8 - 12 weeks and then reevaluate.

6. as someone who likes to drink and likes to smoke, doing neither of these things for 3 weeks has been a strange experience. every day feels like i am living 'outside of my normal routine.' and for me, it has actually made it easier to control my diet, add exercise, focus on things, etc. having that nagging chemical absence, in some ways it can sharpen you and help shake you out of a whole host of bad habits.

7. EDIT: one other thing -- haha, probably not helpful for anybody else -- but i learned how to solve a rubik's cube. not like an expert -- still takes like 4 - 6 minutes to do it -- but it is a great task, and this will sound crazy but it is a good smoking substitute! has a clear beginning and an end, lasts about the same amount of time as a cigarette, and obviously involves heavy use of your hands

so anyway that's just my experience thus far! good luck to everyone

