Help- terrible drunk nights when going out with smokers in college

HELP ME: I'm on my fourth week of quitting (yay) and am totally unbothered by cigs during the week/while sober, if only having the occasional pang and even that goes away pretty fast once I actually smell the cig smoke. The only reason I began smoking in the first place was because of a close smoker friend of mine and additionally because I really like being able to leave crappy fraternity parties when I was drunk for a breather and some relief from overstimulation. 

Last night I went out to one of the aforementioned crappy frat parties with two good friends who still smoke, the one who first encouraged me to start smoking included, and because it wasn't so great they were outside chain smoking for a good part of the evening while I stood by getting more and more fixated on the idea of a cigarette. It completely ruined my night!! I came home very upset and told my non-smoking roommate that my night was terrible etc. because I wanted a cigarette and couldn't have one. She told me that maybe if it meant that much to me I should just smoke when I'm out drinking on the weekends or something, but that's a slippery slope for me and I would definitely end up back at my old level of smoking.

Thankfully, no one I was out with responded to my plaintive, rhetorical "Maybe I should only smoke when I'm drunk" statements by actually giving me a cigarette, but at this point I'm getting despondent. Will I EVER have fun going out with my friends again? Is my brain so fucked up by nicotine that alcohol just makes me sad now? Should I only go out with non-smokers for a certain period of time? I feel like the Eeyore of the friend group every time my friends get drunk, start smoking, and clearly enjoy the pick-me-up that the cig provides when the night turns out to be less-than. 

If anyone has experience quitting in college and being the only drinking but non-smoking person in a friend group (sounds niche but I'm guessing there's some who've done it) please toss me some pointers! I DO NOT want to start smoking EVER again, but I'm sick of ending my nights super depressed and confused as to why I would even want to smoke when I've been doing so well for nearly a month.

