Maybe don't quit just because cigarettes will kill you, quit because it will make you happier

I'm at 80 days and thought I'd share some thoughts that led to the big shift this time. I mean, it goes without saying I think meditation and abstaining from other vices for at least the first 30 days is mandatory (maybe longer if you're not totally comfortable, listen to your cravings and mind), or at least, if not mandatory, I don't know how I ended up where I am without them. But I think another big aspect was simply a change in the approach.

I'm 27. I don't know how many of you are on the verge of lung cancer, but even at a pack a day, the risk compared to everything else I do every day was pretty low. Or at least, THIS cigarette wouldn't contribute to it. And we all know the guy whose grandfather made it to 90 and smoked like a chimney and died from an unrelated illness. And he comes up every time you decide to quit, just to remind you you can be him too.

I'm not foolhardy with death but I make plenty of decisions with this not being a factor where it might be important.

Here's the thing: on day 1 you will feel better than you did if you didn't light up. The first day, I had more energy. My body liked it. My breaths were deeper and the high from exercise was more intense, like it was fighting something. The withdrawals suck, the stress and suppressed anger coming out is embarrassing, but these aren't nearly as painful as the disorienting feeling of just having sucked one down, or constantly having your throat itch and sinuses clogged, or that headache from having smoked too much. Being on the other side of smoking, I realized it wasn't a dirty habit from the outside. I always heard this and never believed it. People still don't look dirty as smokers to me. Smoking made ME feel dirty, and I had done it for 10 years so I never even realized it. I feel clean, I feel energized. Sex is more intense and sensational, and I didn't even realize how much more dynamic it was because, having smoked since I was 14, I matured sexually as a smoker. Even if you haven't experienced the major symptoms of smoking yet, like emphazyma, erectile dysfunction, low circulation.. your breathing is shallower, your sexual organs are not functioning at full capacity, your circulation is lower than it should be.

This is without bringing up at all how suppressing emotions and stress with smoking may not be a good thing altogether. I've realized sometimes being a jerk is necessary, instead of just passing off a situation and lighting up a cigarette or drinking a beer. Fight for your space, don't fight for a corner to smoke it off in. I mean, conversely, I'd recommend meditation to help with stress, but unlike smoking or vices, it doesn't put a bandaid on things, just helps you with clearer decision making so you can pick your battles wisely.

Anyways, I think that's it. At 80 days I am confident I'm quit quit. I never thought I'd be here. Good luck to all of you.