Vaping Rant. Today is day 1!

Someone asked is vaping better than smoking.  It's a common question in this sub.   Figured I'd share my answer to help me get my vaping anger off my chest.  Today is day 1...wish me luck. 


I've been vaping for five years. Initially it helped me get off a moderate 15 year cigarette habit.  And just slapped on a patch this morning and came to this sub.  I don't care what people say.  NO.   Vaping is not better than smoking. 

1) vaping is way more addictive than smoking because you can do it anywhere and a vape never ends the way a cigarette does.  

 2) My lungs hurt.  It's a different kind if pain.  I'm not phlegmy and coughing like with cigarettes. It just feels a heavy pressure sometimes with sharp pains...I feel like my lungs are on fire with inflammation in the AM after a long night of drinking and vaping.  And any inflammation eventually can cause cancer.  I don't care what the studies say about it being inconclusive, I can feel inflammation. In short, I am vaping much more than I was smoking any health benefit is offset by the amount I was doing it. 

I'll admit MAYBE vaping is slightly healthier than smoking. But we're talking about literally the worst thing a person can do to their body.  Smoking is probably worse than moderate cocaine use, smoking pot, cigars, and eating nothing but McDonald's for breakfast lunch and dinner ... don't do that either.  So maybe vaping can be the second worse thing to do to your body. 

Also Google popcorn lung. Although they say it's from a chemical no longer used in liquid, I met a 21 year old who got that.   Scared the shit out of me and I thought "won't I feel like a jackass if I kill myself because I really thought this was safe."

So that's it. Today is the day. I'm quitting before new years because I know the holidays will be especially difficult and Nye will be damn near impossible.   So I want to make it through the hardest part possible and the rest will be easy.  

FYI The patch works well.  I quit once for 6 months and came back because I thought I was so well quit I could have cig once in a while.  I can't, and I won't make that decision again. 


. End rant.   Hope that helped.  It's helped me to write this.


Edit:  to the people who think it's safe:    1)  you become a slave to your battery.  I became a bigger slave to vaping than cigs. 

2) although vaping has certainly less tar, and I know what the research says... but bottom line: it causes inflammation no matter how small.  Where there is inflammation, comes cancer in almost all walks of life.  Colon... Brain, heart.... Everywhere. 