How do I deal with consciously wanting to relapse due to a kind of self-destructive tendency?

So I've been smoke free for 314 days. I decided to quit 10 months ago having read some report about how quitting smoking was as effective as medication for helping with anxiety and depression (Though I had been planning to quit before this, the report was the icing on the cake) With this in mind, quitting was fairly straightforward - I quickly came to identify myself as a non-smoker, and up until recently I hadn't thought of smoking in months.


Great as the simple fact of 'not smoking' might be, quitting has had absolutely no effect on me physically or mentally. I don't feel healthier, more energetic. I'm still susceptible to the same bouts of depression and attacks of social anxiety (the anxiety might even be worse). I quit smoking after my first year of university, and though I've managed to get by academically, this second year things have been so much harder. My lucidity, my capacity to do any work which is mildly taxing on my cognition shrinks with every new essay I have to write. I'm coming up towards my end of year exams and the stress is just too much - for the first time in my adult life I feel truly overwhelmed by my inadequacy going into these exams, by the all-too-real potential for failure.


As a response to this, cravings for cigarettes have been coming back for the first time in like 7/8 months. I can't help but feel that I am what I am, regardless of whether I'm smoking or not. The depression, the inability to cope with stress is there to stay. But I know that if I relapse my conscience will probably kick my ass for it, which will make matters worse. Then part of me thinks my conscience can go to hell, that I need what I need cause life is sad and I'll get through it in whatever way is best for me. On an intellectual and existential level, being a non-smoker really doesn't matter to me anymore. It doesn't signify anything. I feel like I need something to get me through, something familiar in all this chaos, and why the hell not? 


I know this reeks of rationalization, and that smoking a few cigarettes will probably do nothing to really remedy my situation. I'm just plagued by nihilistic 'fuck it' thoughts at the moment and so smoking seems more and more appealing. Any thoughts/advice?