Help me quit smoking (18 yrs old)

Hi, 
I am a student that just got done with high school and starting my college in the next week or so. My smoking journey started when i was 17. First thing to try was hookah, i liked it quite a bit and enjoyed the occasional smoke every now and then with friends and family. Unfortunately, as every smoker starts out, i wanted to explore something new. Thus, i headed off to cigarettes. I indulged in cigs for 2-3 weeks, but I couldn’t handle the taste nor the smell. In general, my body didn’t like it at all! (Not to mention that cigs are expensive AF around here) 
About a month later, i was introduced to medwakh. As for the people who don’t know, medwakh is basically the shit around here in the United Arab Emirates. Honestly, it had a lot of advantages for me personally. Cheaper price, much less lasting smell, and the time it takes to take a huge dizziness hit. 
With that said, i stuck on medwakh for 6-7 months till about 3 weeks ago. Since then, i took a promise to my self that i need to stop this no matter what. I was always tired and couldn’t concentrate in anything. And that got me worried as hell about how shit i would perform in college. 
So, i got all my medwakh kit and threw it in the garbage, because honestly as long as i had it around in the house I couldn’t resist the urge to take a hit.
The journey of quitting was rather simple, I didn’t feel the urge to smoke till the day i write this post. I am craving a hit and my arms start shaking. I honestly don’t know what to do. Sometimes, when the urge is unbearable, i go and smoke a bowl of hookah. But my main issue is with medwakh. I NEED TO STOP!!! 
So, if anyone could help me with my matter as i dont know how longer i can take before going to the smoke shop and buying i new kit again. Also, i noticed that i am getting extremely moody. Some time i want to purchase the kit, other times i can’t think about the subject and remember the oath i took on myself.
Lastly, i want to apologize if this thread was quite long, but i cant think of anywhere or anyone to tell my problem to. 
Beat regards...