From bike-shed to self-respect.

I've finally given myself enough respect to decide to quit smoking. I went for the classic New Years Eve last emotional cigarette, outside in the moonlight - 4 days, 13 hours and 59 minutes strong... 

I tried my first cigarette at 11 and smoked daily from when I was about 16. Yes - I was one of the naughty ones, behind the bikeshed at school. I have smoked ever since, with three failed attempts to quit (once on vape, once will power only and once Allen Carr). I'm 29 now and about to turn 30 in a couple of months. I heard somewhere that if you quit by the age of 30 your body can fully repair itself. I have been telling myself that for years. So now is the time. 

Most of my smoking school friends have quit and moved on with their life, but I felt cigarettes and I had a personal connection, a little secret. It was my thing, none could understand and I didn't care. I felt sorry for them because I had my cigarettes. What did they have?

It really is incredible that this addiction can physically make you pick up a cigarette, light it and inhale poison. For years I have suffered from acne and I have blamed it on everything - except smoking. It's funny to think of all the excuses you come up with to make smoking acceptable.

It's crazy how accurate Allen Carr's Easy way is (for me at least), I have been listening constantly on audible - EVERYWHERE, hoping the words really sink in (as I have tried it once before and failed because I wasn't mentally ready to let go of my crutch). In hindsight I think I was on a self destruct mission and nothing could have stopped me, as I had lost respect for myself. I didn't care that I would "step on a mine" - if I got cancer it was bad luck. Up until now, I didn't feel as though I deserved to be a non-smoker. I liked the control, but I was completely out of control and the addiction was controlling me. 

Now I am giving myself the respect I truly deserve and taking my life back.

Happy 2018 all, and good luck all the newbies like me, on the road to freedom. :-)
