100 days, life is better!!

Hey everyone! 

I passed 100 days, and I didn't even realize until logging into reddit. This subreddit has been SO important in my process of quitting. I've tried quitting several times before and never managed to get past 30-40 days. Now, I've passed 100 days and I have no cravings what so ever. Yesterday I spent the day at my smoker friend's house, had coffee (which used to always mean a cigarette as well), she smoked several times, and I didn't even think about it. 

I want to thank all of you who are on this subreddit, you don't know how much it's helped to read all of your posts and get encouragement on my posts. 

One of the most surprising benefits of quitting is now my #1 motivation to never start again: I'm sleeping so much better!!! Has anyone else had this happen? I used to take medication to be able to sleep. I used to go days without a proper sleep and it had a very detrimental effect on both my physical and mental health. My boyfriend always used to fall asleep before me and I'd lay awake for hours without being able to fall asleep. Now, he makes fun of me because I almost always fall asleep before him! It feels so great, I can't even describe it. To all of a sudden be able to sleep well, after all these years, it's ridiculous. 

Also after I've quit smoking I have managed to stop taking every single  medication I was on. I was on an NSAID for fibromyalgia symptoms, 2 different medications for sleep (one to induce and one to maintain) and  a medication to prevent stomach problems or ulcers because of all these other drugs. 

I have now been medication free for I think 6 weeks. I still get joint pain and I still experience the symptoms of fibromyalgia, but I can treat them as they come. I still take pain killers, but now I don't pop pills every single day. This has truly been the best decision I've ever made.

To all of you starting up: YOU CAN DO IT! Stay strong! You'll be so happy without the cigarettes. If you want to talk, feel free to PM me :)