My Journey And Method Of Quitting Smoking

Hello everyone - I quit smoking a little over a year ago, and have not had any tobacco products/nicotine since.  I haven't had the desire to smoke again either.  I smoked for a few years, about half a pack a day, so not nearly as long as some of you, and perhaps not nearly as much - but that doesn't matter, because you can quit smoking too.  Before I tell my story and my advice, I would like to point out that I successfully quit by weening myself off of cigarettes, not cold-turkey.  Some studies have shown cold-turkey works best, however it is important to know that it does not work for everyone, especially if you have been smoking for a long time.

Initially, I tried quitting cold-turkey, which was going well for about 2 weeks, and then some nasty withdrawal symptoms kicked in.  I'm sure most of you that are here and want to quit smoking have looked at withdrawal symptoms and have seen a timeline of when to expect them - if you haven't seen one, I recommend you take a look, it can give you an idea on what to expect.  The problem was that I experienced a withdrawal symptom that had not been on the timeline, because it isn't as common as the other symptoms (though it does happen to some people): intense diarrhea.  I'm talking so bad that my physician diagnosed me with irritable bowel syndrome, because the physical pain and random, hour long bouts of diarrhea sounded exactly like IBS symptoms.  I thought it was the withdrawal causing it, so I smoked again, and sure enough, the diarrhea went away when I started up again.  I gave up on the idea of quitting for a while, and then decided to try again, but not quit cold-turkey.

I thought to myself that clearly it was the quitting smoking that caused the IBS-like experience for me, but I didn't know why.  Nicotine is the chemical in cigarettes that is addictive, and that's why things like nicotine replacement therapy exist (nicotine patches, etc.).  But there are tons of other chemicals in there that I was inhaling that could've been causing the effect, or compounding the effect, so I decided that I had to quit smoking by using the cigarettes themselves.  No patches, gum, lozenges, none of that.  I had to use the cigarettes to quit.  And that is what I did.

I purchased a ruler, a fine point sharpie marker, a sharp pair of scissors, and kept them nearby/in my car whenever I went somewhere.  When I went to have a cigarette, I would first take the ruler, and measure from the end of the cigarette that I would be lighting, towards the butt.  I initially measured how long the actual burning end of the cigarette was, where all the tobacco was packed in, but this only needs to be done once - you are likely smoking the same brand and type of cigarette, you've found your favorite and don't want to deviate, much like I did.  If you switch brands up, you may be smoking different types of tobacco, and different amounts, which can make this more challenging - stick to one type of cigarette.  Once I determined how long the actual burning end of the cigarette was (I don't remember, let's just pretend 40mm for example's sake), I decided how much smoking I wanted to quit at a time.  Now, if you choose to try this, your needs, based on how much you are accustomed to smoking, may be different than what I say mine were.  Find what works for you, but hold yourself accountable to quit smoking.  I decided my needs would best be met if I quit cigarettes 10mm at a time.  I measured 10mm up the shaft (from the butt towards the end that burns), and made a small tick mark with my sharpie pen.  I smoked 30mm of that cigarette, and then I was done.  My next cigarette of the day was smoked in the exact same way.  And this went on for a week.  I wasn't having any noticeable withdrawal symptoms or extra cravings by cutting out a little bit, so I cut out another 10mm, and only smoked 20mm of each cigarette I had.  I repeated this process, of removing a portion of a cigarette, effectively making them shorter every week or so (the time frame that you use may be different, based on your needs).  Eventually, I got down to smoking only one cigarette per day, instead of 10.  It took a few months to work my way down, but I figured if I did not do this, I would keep smoking for far longer than those months.

The last cigarette was the most challenging for me.  This is where I changed my measuring.  I would do 4mm shorter at a time, instead of 10, to try and limit the amount of IBS type symptoms I had - this worked quite well for me.  Now, you may be wondering why I said I got a nice, sharp pair of scissors earlier in my story.  The reason I did that was because I figured that after I cut out a certain section of a cigarette (like only smoking half a cigarette), there would be plenty left, and being cheap and not wanting to buy more, I cut them so I could get more than one use out of them.  This can be done if you want to, but wasn't really important to the experience (just saved me a ton of money).  Eventually, I managed to fully quit smoking, in such a gradual way that the withdrawal symptoms were much more manageable, not nearly as intense, and some of them were non-existent this time around.

I quit smoking using a method that I assume none of you have heard of or thought of doing - I couldn't find a thing online about others trying that, and my physician said she had never heard of a method like that - but here's the thing...  It worked.  I quit smoking, even when I thought that every attempt I made would result in me experiencing horrible withdrawal symptoms and being unable to handle them.  I quit in a way that worked for me, and I know each of you can do it too.  You're here, looking for advice, stories, motivation to quit, and support.  You know that you want to quit.  And you can do it, I sure believe in you.  Thanks for reading.