Day 7

(before I start, I have to share that the second I started this post, that smoking episode of "How I Met Your Mother" came on. Ha.)
Anyways, I just wanted to share with you my process on my first seven days. I am using the Nicoderm CQ Step 1 patches. I'll get into that in a minute. I quit, or as some people prefer to say, started my smoke-free journey on Monday. So on Sunday, I went grocery shopping for grapes, carrot sticks, crackers, etc... all little munchy stuff, and began my prep. I packed those snacks into sandwich bags, so I could take them to work and have them with me while walking around the warehouse. I chose a Monday because I'd be at work and distracted. Also, it would change my break and lunch time routine of going outside. Stick to places where you can't smoke. Another step in my prep was getting rid of all ashtrays, lighters, and of course cigarettes. Believe me, make sure you dispose of all butts or halfies or anything you would feel tempted to spark up for one last hit.

Sunday night, before I went to bed, I had my 'last' cigarette. While I smoked, I turned off the tv, put away my phone, and verbally told it why I was leaving. "You stink. You're expensive. You're unattractive. You're pointless. You're unhealthy." The list goes on. After that, I took out the trash and went to bed.

When I woke up, instead of grabbing for my smokes, I had my patches on my night stand. *Sigh* Today was the day. But hey, I was really surprised. My drive to work went well, my first break was good, after lunch I didn't have a craving. Kept my munchies close by along with water and juice. I took a few bathroom breaks just to sit and play a round of Candy Crush and break my physical routine of sneaking outside to smoke. 

The Step 1 patch kit is a three week course. I don't know how I will be in 3 weeks. but for now, I feel good. My cravings, the worry, the anxiety, the watching the clock has disappeared with the patch. Now I am adjusting to the physical routine of actually smoking; going outside, driving, after meals, watching tv...

I must say though, with the patch, you do dream a lot more vividly. My second day, I had a smoking dream. When I realized I was smoking, I freaked, and put it out. Another incentive to using the patch, is knowing that if I smoke while wearing it, I'll get sick. (true or not, I'm gonna keep thinking that) So in my dream I actually felt sick. 

I still miss it. Still not out of the woods yet. But when I do get a craving (really, it's a routine craving, not physical) I repeat what I said when I had my last cigarette. "It's gross. It's unattractive. It's expensive. It's pointless."

Getting stuck in traffic is pretty rough though. Gummy Bears are my favorite little snack. Also some Chex-Mix and water. Just keep prepped and you'll be fine.

Here's to another 7 days.