3 weeks and a day:: Reflection and progress.

Hey. So you all know I said this was THE time, and I was correct.

When I stopped putting so much effort into quitting, and accepted it as my life.. it just.. worked.

Do not get me wrong. There have been MANY struggles so far.

 Friends who smoke (I just say in my head.. Wow.. they are wasting a LOT of money...) Husband getting promoted at his new job.. (Happened MUCH quicker than we expected, and we move this weekend...have to pack by myself since he is working 12's..) My sister got into an auto accident... (she has more mental damage than physical.. scared to drive still..) and my sons having a HORRIBLE sickness this last week.. (both peaked at 104 degree temps Monday/Tuesday..)

I didn't have any answers on how to cope with all of that.. so I went to therapy specifically to learn new skills. Some of them are downright stupid to me, and wouldn't work.. but for every one that didn't work, there was one that did. 

My two favorites work with my OCD/Anxiety as well as cravings. First one is to put a hard candy in your mouth and focus on it dissolving, and with that feeling.. feel the craving dissolve as well... (my favorite candies are the new Werthers...) second... Draw a stop sign... trace it in your mind, trace the letters... within your mind.. move your craving into a subcatagory of your brain where you keep other things you do not wish to do/will not do.. (It's my "You don't wanna do this" part of my brain which also holds my thoughts of depression/impulsive desires.)

I am no longer on the WelButrin.. and as I was coming off of it.. I replaced the pill with a placebo of a tictac... (I'm sure that's not recommended but it played a trick on my mind, and it worked..)

All in all, I'm confident about my future.

Also-- the money I saved from not smoking? (I've been putting that money in a jar to physically be able to look at it...) I just bought new tires for my car... something that I had been putting off for WHO KNOWS what reason. 

And for those that saw my confession about wanting to quit smoking so my husband didn't wince when he kissed me... That's been fixed... and I couldn't be happier. Now.. to work on his addiction to not shaving....

Good luck everyone. You can do it.

(And thank you to /u/my_self_vape for the check-ins, even if I wasn't really up to talking. Reminded me I had people in my corner.)

