The dark thought that made me quit

I smoked for 10 years. In my worst period I was downing a pack and a half a day, not counting weed.  


Two weeks ago I got down a very dark rabbit hole. You see, I never saw myself as a lucky guy. Had a bad childhood, a string of shitty jobs, fucked up relationships, asshole "friends". The only unequivocally good thing that I have in my life is my marriage. Love is a prisoner's dilemma and we're in the rare instance where we didn't rat on each other. I went down this hole where I envisioned myself getting cancer (because, let's be real now, smoking is not just *one* of the leading causes of cancer, it is **THE** leading cause of cancer). Medical service in my country is downright appalling, we have numerous cases of malpractice and every medic worth his/her salt has already left the country, what we're left with is corrupt halfwits that butcher you and you're just a statistic, they get five murders a day like it's nothing, I cry more when I have to cut a chicken. My face has already been butchered by these monsters that bribed their way to a degree and a surgeon's position due to some childhood accidents, every time I go to a doctor's office they say "whoever did your face was no surgeon". If there's one thing I'd rather, if it comes to a terminal illness, I'd rather not be butchered and humiliated before I die. But that would break my wife's heart, she'd want me to fight, she wants me in her life. So here it is, the one thing that I actually fear, which is not death, but is the despoiling of the one good thing that I managed to get in life, my illness breaking us and destroying what we have, because her desire for me to fight for my life would come clashing with my desire to go with dignity.

I couldn't smoke a cigarette since, no patch, nothing. And it's been damn easy, two weeks passed like nothing. I was bracing for a woolly sweater that never came because my desire to be there for the one person that is worth it in my life is worth much, much more than programmable tics and habits. I don't think I'm ever going back there and if there is something for you to take away from this it's that a deeply personal reason to quit has more sway than self-help books and crutches.