My quitting story

I started smoking back in early 2004, averaging over a pack a day since then. When I was 17 and a very unruly teenager, my mother picked up smoking as well. We used it as our bonding time at the end of the day and still did from time to time. I'm 24 now. I'd like to say I've always been in fairly healthy shape, usually a naturally semi-toned body, not because of working out, just good metabolism. For the past few years my weight has hovered around 145-150lbs (I'm 5'10" or about 177cm). 

Well I finally got tired of being the skinny guy, so I decided to get back into shape. Found a workout buddy and set a plan. The first day was a one mile run and weight training. 
Before I could make it half a block I was out of breath, lungs burning, chest pounding, and I could hardly stand. But I forced myself to finish the mile, coughing most of the way. It took me over a half hour for my breathing to return to normal after I finished the run, and the heart rate longer than that. 

"What shit is that? Am I really that out of shape?" I said to myself. I then went on to try and blame not working out, poor diet, the wind, etc. After I stopped bitching long enough, my friend pointed out to me that it wasn't my legs that stopped me, it was my lungs. So the next day, I tried again. It didn't take me long into the run to realize how right he was. 

His comment started a train of thought...I did the math on it, I've smoked over 80,000 cigarettes since the day I picked them up. Assuming 7 minutes a cigarette, that's over 560,000 minutes of my life I've spent smoking! Over 9333 hours! More than 389 days of my life smoking cigarettes! I've spent over 4% of my entire lifetime smoking cigarettes!

And if that wasn't enough, I started thinking of the money I've spent. 365 days a year, 1.1 packs a day, at 5.50 a pack. $2208.25 a year... $22,082.50 in the past ten years. That could have paid half my student loans. That could have bought a new car. That could have paid for several vacations. 

But instead, I wasted it on pumping my body full of poisonous chemicals. Because I thought it was cool. Because i thought they took away my stress. Because I thought I needed them. Because I used them as a crutch. Because I didn't feel an urge to quit. Until recently. 

After looking at the staggering numbers, I downloaded a quit smoking app to keep track of how long I've gone without. I am proud to say that as of the time of this posting, I am 60+ hours with no nicotine. Cold turkey. I'm done. I don't even consider myself an ex smoker. I'm a non smoker now. 

I won't say it's been easy, but I will tell you it's worth it. My body has more energy. I'm beginning to be able to breathe normally again. I don't smell like an ashtray. Food tastes better. It feels like a different world.

The cravings haven't left my side yet, but I know they will eventually. I have learned that the craving will disappear whether I have a cigarette or not, so it's better to let it pass than to give in. The irritability is beginning to subside. It is easier to control once I remind myself that this is the choice I want because it's better for me in the long run.

Today is my mom's birthday. Today, I was able to show her my progress. She asked me questions about what it's like, how much money I've saved so far, how bad the cravings get, and if I can breathe yet. At the end of the conversation she proceeded to tell me that today is her first day of quitting. She didn't do this for me. She has been talking of doing this for years. She told me the decision was made yesterday when she saw my determination and success in this endeavor. It was a great feeling. Where we once used smoking as our bonding time, we're now going to use quitting smoking as bonding time. 

Sometimes, all the motivation someone needs is to see someone else succeed first. They want to know that they're able to do it too. It's what pushed my mom. It is why I come to this subreddit for support when the cravings are strong or my will is weak. It truly is a huge help.

For those who are just now starting, keep it up! I'm here to tell you that you can do it. It is possible. Don't give up on yourself. It will get better. The cravings will pass without having to pick a cigarette up. Stay strong my friends. 

For those who have quit a long time ago, thank you for showing me it's possible. Thank you for being part of my motivation. Thank you for having the will power to succeed. And congratulations on making yourself a better and stronger person.

Thank you to everyone in r/stopsmoking for the motivation and support.