How I accidentally quit smoking

Like all 20 somethings, cigarettes found their way into my mouth. A sentence that I can't perhaps say for many other things. While I was never infatuated with the idea of smoking, my first cigarette itself indicated me that I was going to fall in love with this hit.

More than the hit, I was in love with the act of lighting up one in the middle of the night, looking at it burn and just breathing out smoke which would turn the sky hazy for a while. Then, one cigarette a day turned into two and soon, I was pretty much smoking one every 1-2 hours.

I realized I have been consumed by this habit when my life turned into what-happens-between-the-cigarette-breaks. I was going from one smoke to another and trying to intersperse work and life in those durations.

A few weeks ago, I fell ill and came down with a bad throat infection. Also, as a result, I was grounded at home. I was so irritated that I didn't want to smoke because I knew it would make me worse but three days passed and when I felt better, I realized I have smoked exactly zero cigarettes in a time frame where I was smoking 25 at least.

I gave myself more motivation and upped the ante by downloading a quit smoking app (will learn how to link soon) and kept staring at the timer which showed me how much money and cigarettes I have saved. (yes, for poor African kids).

It's my eighth day today and I feel like I am climbing Everest, not because it's a great thing to leave smoking or the fact that I won't have as high a chance of Cancer. I am still dying, we all are. But the freedom of not being chained to a burning stick is just something I never thought I would miss so much.

And now that I have it, I am craving a smoke so badly. E-cigarettes are looking to be one option but I would prefer to go cold turkey for as long as possible than just giving in. I have heard cravings get easier, right?

so if you have any advice, ideas or suggestions on how to keep going. Please put it here and help a young soul?

Cheers!