3 TIPS on Dealing with Stress During the Holidays

Hey y'all! 

I hope you're all making out alright with your goals to keep cigarette-free (or doing your best to cut back/limit your smoking).  

Holidays are mayhem and it can throw you off your routine that has been working well with keeping you cigarette-free (or managing your cravings)

Here are 3 tips I think will help with dealing with holiday stress:

1) Plan ahead
Using a calendar (i like google calendar) to plan out the day/week ahead of time can help with just seeing where you have on the plate to avoid being overwhelmed and spreading yourself thin. 

It's super important to PRIORITIZE YOURSELF and make time for yourself first before dealing with other holiday mayhem.  

I feel more productive this way and I don't feel as stressed.

Try it! make time for exercise, to see friends/family when you WANT to, SLEEP, time to eat WELL. 

2) Breathe
I've been learning from yogis, weightlifters, martial artists, law enforcement, kb sport athletes, strongmen.  

The one tip they had for me for dealing with stress, whether it's to amp yourself up or to calm down--is to control the tempo of your breathing. 

One really easy thing they taught was "box breathing" so think of 4 sides or phases.  Take 4 seconds to breathe in, 4 seconds to pause, 4 seconds to breathe out, 4 seconds to pause, and repeat. 

The neat thing about that is i've been told that's how military snipers remain super calm under pressure, control their emotional state, and stay focused.  Try it! (the breathing not the sniping!)

3) Stop, take a step back, reflect

I get bogged down by the demands from party hosts, family trying to control and barking orders, meeting people i'm not super comfortable with--it's stressful and I'm on the verge of a meltdown. 

BUT, I step back, take a breath, and look at things in the big picture--will me unloading frustration on others or walling up on others really help?  Or will going with the flow be better? 

I also think not sweating the small stuff helps you focus on the bigger things, like spending quality time with family/friends/loved ones during the holidays.  

The energy I save not being frustrated can be used to be creative--like helping out that relative 'trying' to be a good host (which is coming off as demanding or barky).  

Hope y'all find these helpful!  

Happy Holidays!   