Focusing on being a NON-SMOKER is a setup for FAILURE-->I explain why

Made you intrigued right? 

I want to recognize that everyone in this subreddit forum is working their butts off to make an honest effort to kick a nasty habit and just stop smoking.  I admire your courage to be vulnerable and share your stories/progress & encourage you all to keep going and know i'm here to support you. 

Some posts, I can feel the pain reading the statements of frustration by members saying they are smoking again, especially in the first week/month.  It's devastating, and I know how depressing it is when you know how badly you need to move on but you're still stuck. 

Here's what I think. 

If you go into this with willpower alone--emotionally resisting every cigarette craving when it happens, you'll soon find out how limited willpower can be to stay smoke free.  How long can you last?  

If you use medications, nicotine replacement, or vape--sure you've replaced the source of nicotine to something less harmful, but how much time are you still devoting to being controlled by your cravings?  

What I have found people who have successfully quit and have stayed smoke free has addressed the SYSTEM that causes them to smoke. 

The SYSTEM involves alot of things, but it involves coming face to face with how to deal with the discomforts you face on a daily basis--for many of us, it was to light a cigarette (and if you've done this for many years, it is likely an automated routine now that you haven't given another thought about).  It involves discovering what you are passionate about and committing yourself to creating a life you truly want where you are so interested in that, you give into your discomfort because you are so committed to the idea of building something more meaningful in the long-term.  

So instead of focusing on making the change to become a non-smoker (a short-term goal), change your systems that will allow you to focus on creating long-lasting change and build the smoke-free life that you truly want.   

Hope you find this helpful.