I always thought that I could quit anytime I want. I tried and failed, but I still thought that I'm not addicted and I just chose a bad time to quit. I just realized that I'm deadly addicted.

I threw out all cigarettes and lighters I had numerous times already, only to run to the nearest store to restore my stash. I justified this kind of shit with thoughts like "hey, I'm just having too rough of a week, no way I'm going to survive the next couple of days without a pack a day".

This is not something I can be excessively proud of, but I've had some success in changing my smoking routine in the last year. First of all, I switched to lighter brands (I dropped from 0.9mg to 0.4mg pretty easily) and finally stopped smoking indoors. It's fucking disgusting and I always knew that and I always hated myself for doing that. Last fall my dad paid a visit while I was away (he has a key in case of emergency), he cleaned up a huge pile of ashes and threw out probably a thousand of empty packs, sent me a text saying "I cleaned up for you" and he refused to talk to me the following couple of weeks. I never smoked indoors again. Too bad it didn't have any effect on the amount of cigarettes I consume, but it's still nice.

I also started to handroll occasionally but I doubt it's much healthier.

Well, I was having an insanely boring lecture and I was just casually browsing reddit until I stumbled upon this sub.

Holy shit. Just holy shit. Any smoking-related danger always seemed so distant and not related to me. People were quitting at the age of 60 after smoking for 40 years and they were fine, why would I worry about 20yo myself after smoking a pack a day for just 5 years? Well, I browse /r/wtf daily and I never get disgusted by anything, but today I've had some shivers thanks to the post from a daughter of a dead guy and a grave and other terrible stuff. That's it, I thought. Threw away a pack and a lighter I've had with me.

And I instantly regretted it. When I'm at home timings may vary, but I just realized that for three years of studying in uni smoking routine I once established was never broken. Not even once. I just barely survived a break without a cigarette and now I realized that I'm a miserable addicted fuck.
I'm sitting though another lecture at the moment and another break is close.

Lets assume I survive it, but then what? What am I going to do when I get home? Okay, I may just simply get drunk and sleep 12 or so hours and it will already become my most successful quitting, yet I will still have a shitton of time to suffer through withdrawal. What am I supposed to do? Avoiding triggering activities is a dead end, I accompany every action of mine with a cig. Dinner's ready? Better smoke beforehand. Took a dump? Smoke. Watched 20 minutes of a dull movie? Cigarette consumption inbound.

I've read stuff about asking your relatives for support. How? Should I just call my gf and tell her "support me"? I can't wrap my mind around it.