So I sat down and documented my collapse into a smoker. Its been carthatic to say the least. And my journey begins now.

So here we are, after three years of my idiocy. 

I was a benign little thing, trying out the cigarette for the first time sometime in September 2015.  Innocent even. I never started out with an intention of getting hooked. I suppose no one really does do they? It soon turned into a social prop of sorts. Made me fit in better, made me more chic in a way to my juvenile brain that had no idea what was coming.

It became a bit more noticeable around when my uncle was  diagnosed with stage four Prostate Cancer. Perhaps it was the stress. My Friends had noticed the deepening drags, the increasing number of dog ends that showed up every time we went out for coffee. And one night somewhere in November 2015, I went down to the little shop around the corner and got my first cigarette that i paid money for. A little ritual for myself at the end of the day took shape. An innocent one. Light up at night, go to sleep. That was the plan. I still remember how sick I felt when I lit that first one one the terrace. Mentally sick of what I had just done. I'd crossed over from  bumming it to buying my own. 

Move on and the cigarette became me. It became my identity. That bearded guy with a cigarette. And predictably, the count per day increased. Like a dripping tap, slowly but predictably filling up in a deep dark place within. 

You know how you never agree if you're hooked until you try to quit? Yep. Found that somewhere mid 2017. Didn't put me off too much. Turns out i still didn't find out the scale of my issue till the beginning of 2018. Why? Because I had the realisation that somehow my life had become  the moments eked out between one cigarette and the next. 

A short walk resulted in a smoke before leaving. One midway since hey. How could you not? And one more as a smoke as another little reward when I get back. 

A walk from my home in downtown Mumbai to the local train station was merely a set of stages between smoke shops. At the corner shop, outside the train station, at the makeshift stall when I reached my destination. 

But it was only in the past six months that something broke down entirely. Completely. I was upto 25 a day with no remorse. Every smoke break at work went mental. I needed at least 3 at time to asphyxiate myself before trundling back to my cube, which had become a distraction in itself before my next break. Work went to shit. 

But something far more devious reared it's head around the time I went into the ER convinced of a heart attack. It wasn't. It was GERD. But something broke me. The smokes had simply made me forget how to be happy on my own. It killed my future. It killed my dreams. It had made me something I had hoped would never be my case. It had made me total and complete junkie. It became the only reward I could see. It took away my purpose. It took away my life. It had taken away my purpose and replaced it with smoking in cancer sticks as a full time hobby. SMH.  

I must thank dearest friend for getting my life back. Little bugger. He introduced me to Allen Carr. I know everything about smoking, and as usual, it's my inertia that's getting in the way. Putting shit to action. I know it all but I do nothing. 

To be honest, after introspection of my daily triggers, I think I can handle them. Socialising is fine without smokes. My friends are not evil that way. 

A smoke after a meal won't be missed. All it did was remind me of my idiocy by now. There is not even the ephemereal facade that this  bitch maintains. 

The odd fallacy that I must watch out for next is the odd smoke pang that comes when I'm trying to save off sleep or when I'm really tired. This will take conscious training of my mind. 

The one that causes me some consternation is this. The pangs which I gave into when I wait. When I'm bored. It palls me to say this. But what epic idiot thinks time can be passed by slow motion suicide? There comes the Allen Mantra. I'll have the veritable pleasure of reflectionf that the slimeball version of me would've been smoking. Not the real one. The real one is the master of his fate. 

Wonder why the note is dated 26th November 2018? That's the night after  my big  exam to get into my  masters course. Which I absolutely should have aced but for my being being a junkie. It killed my dreams. It killed whatever hope I had for anything really.

Why? What is worse than ashing a fag over week old food packets that I cannot be bothered to clean up? Worse than convincing myself every night that i'd make it through the night with every little jab? With every little time I felt that my blood was freezing up? I'm 25 for fucks sake. Convincing myself that every single time my mouth or tongue had a boil that I'd be okay. That I'd one day be free of this mess. That one day I'd get my purpose back. 

And my Exam? I have no right to be sad. Yet I am. That's what this drug does to you. You lose all purpose. Today I had a glimpse of what I should've been doing. What I could've been. All that wiped out for a sodding cancer stick that's enslaved me. Wiped out all traces  of who I am. Replaced me with this dirty bastard  who is spineless and lives for the next puff come what may, be it my career or more important, my self respect. I hate myself for this. And I never knew I could plumb these depths. 

It ends. Tonight. 

All of it. My lies. My deception. The side of me which has no qualms about letting down the people who love me. The part of me which tells me that I can't trust myself at all because I'm a slimy low cunt.It all ends tonight.


I win bitch. I Win. 