Just smoked my last... I hope

I've been smoking for almost  20 years, sometimes only a few times a day, sometimes a few packs a day.  I haven't  tried quitting a many years but it's always been on my mind.  The last week I've been smoking more than normal and today at the gym I could feel it.  

I'm sitting here looking at my ashtray (which will be in the outside trash when I leave for work in a bit) and I'm scared.  Cigs have been my best and most consistent friend for years.  All of my experiences, good and bad have been accompanied by smoking.  It's how I got over my social anxiety years ago, by asking people for a light just to force myself to talk to strangers.  I've celebrated every achievement with a smoke, oh the happy memories that I've used to counter the down points when they come.  I'm a teacher, and when I have a problem class (my worst one is today) I reassuringly touch my pack knowing that next break I can relax in the break room and forget about my mistakes as a teacher, at least for a few minutes.  I tell time by smokes.  I know I smoke about every 20-30 minutes when I game, so If I plan on gaming for 2 hours I just leave 5 smokes on the desk and quit when they are gone.  I have a million habits and routines based on my best friend.  My toxic friend.  I need to relearn life.  I know it will kill me if I don't.  

I finally have gotten to a point where life is good, hell it's great.  I have no legit complaints.  Smoking is no longer my cowards path to suicide, if only putting down the pack was as easy as putting down the gun a decade ago.  I'm scared, but committed.  I always imagined a day off in the future when smoking was no longer part of my life I just never made a move towards it.  I;m in my 30's and this is the last of my negative traits from a misspent youth.  I quit drugs, my drinking is reasonable now, In so many ways I've improved myself but this is the hardest step.  Both because it is hard, and because it is the last of a forgotten lifestyle. Today is the first step of the future I want for myself.  A future without nasty smells, wasted money, and obsessive thoughts of when I can have my next smoke.  Today I am throwing away everything related to smoking.  Today I will stop being a selfish shortsighted child.  Today I just quit smoking, and may whatever gods may be give me strength.

TLDR: Nothing, just venting