7 months not smoking and I have beat most of the mental associations I had with it. However, starting up Grad school has revealed my hidden "smoking while studying" association. This one has been hard to beat.

So about 7 months ago I quit smoking cold turkey kind of on a whim. It was primarily because my job at the time involved a lot of cardio, so smoking made it nearly impossible to perform my job well.  Part of me wonders if this was a bad way to quit, because I didn't really go through any mental framework, but I've made it this far.  

I've slowly been finding the associations I've built with smoking, and I've made it through most of them. Smoking while driving, while drinking, at work, etc. I'd say I was a compulsive smoker, always had to smoke after/during an action, which thankfully kind of limited me to only about an average of 5 a day. While this might have saved me some physical addiction, there is some definite mental addiction still cauterized into my brain.  

Anyway, I took a year off after undergrad, and just recently started up grad school which revealed a hidden association. What has returned is the intense need to smoke while studying. One of the worst "mental" cravings I've had yet. Realistically, it makes sense; I smoked all through college, especially while studying. It's a combination of the stress of studying (especially the night before), the reward of a "job well done," and the assistance it provides me for focusing.  

I'm finding it hard to shake this one, especially in terms of the stress associated with grad school. I truly do not get stressed often, which is why I think I was more of a compulsive smoker rather than an anxious one (hope this makes sense, these are categories I've kind of just made up myself). However, school definitely causes great stress for me, and was really the primary instance of stress smoking. I feel like my brains only known outlet for stress relief is smoking, so when I'm stressed now it is just screaming at me to smoke. I've gotten through the bouts with some deep breathing and reflection on why I quit, but damn it has been hard. 

Still haven't smoked, but I'm hard pressed to find a relative healthy "replacement."

Any advice or similar situations?

TL;DR: Beat most of my mental associations with smoking, but I am encountering the need to smoke while studying or while stressed after returning to school. 
