13 days. Going strong with my quest to give up several bad habits at once. Results?

Hello Friends,

The good news is I'm 13 days into a much healthier life I can really be proud of. No smoking, drinking, shitty food, meat, caffeine, and a little exercise for good measure. I have to say, I feel good, and my body feels good. 

I had a really stressful moment last week. Both an image of my smoking a cigarette, and me slugging the scotch on my shelf raced through my head before shaking it off, putting on my shoes, and walking 10k to my GF's apartment. It helped so much, I've been walking just about every day, serious walks. Luckily, I live in Bangkok, and I'm taking these 8-10k walks through the hart of the old city. Yesterday I was in Cambodia, and got to walk through the slums of the scamiest border town in all of SE Asia. Not buying all the cheep booze and smokes was kind of a bummer, but more because I was cheep than truly craving. The walking has really helped keep my mind from slipping into the shit behaviors I'm trying to change. For me, being idle is my biggest danger. This is why I'm writing.

While all is well with the quitting, I'm getting at that point where I just feel, well, normal. Bored. Blasé. I'm happy the cigarettes are gone, but now that I'm not fighting the hour by hour craving, quitting is feeling boring. Eating right and exercising is cool, but I'm not really seeing the results in the mirror yet, and I keep thinking "So this is it? I just got to keep this going.... forever?" I'm refraining from booze and caffeine, but at some point it crosses over from being a challenge, to just being who I am and all that jazz. Boring. I'm happy with the decision to live healthy, but how am I supposed to make this whole thing fun, and engaging, and something really interesting and cool. 

I suppose after writing this, this could be a deeper issue than fighting bad habits. I'm truly attempting to change it up, and I have, but I suppose I need more of a challenge. Or challenge myself to not have to be challenged...? I don't know, maybe some of you fine folks have some suggestions for me. I don't just want to give up, and say "Fuck it, I know I can do it so why bother" I have a feeling others have dealt with this phase as well. Little help

TL;DR: Quitting bad habits going well; getting bored with the process.