Cat died because I quit smoking?

I moved to this apartment about 2 years ago. When I moved here, there was already this beautiful medium hair tuxedo cat hanging around here. I love cats. I would go out back to smoke and I would feed this cat. I know this cat has owners somewhere but he hangs out here most of the time. The only reason I know he has owners is at the end of winter, the cat would get groomed. All the mats in his fur would be removed and he would have a nice trim for the summer. His fur coat would always be clean. Obviously somebody was taking care of him. I rarely ever see him go home or wherever. 

Anyways, I stopped smoking and I rarely went out back. Between my mom and I, we would still put food and water out for him. We assumed that the other would’ve put food out. But neither of us did for one day. Yesterday, my mom found the cat sleeping on the back porch. It was cold out and she was wondering why he would be sleeping outside when he could go inside the building. She touched him and he was already dead. Still warm but dead. Now I’m blaming myself for his death. I was avoiding going back there so I wouldn’t have cravings. But if I hadn’t stopped smoking, I would’ve been feeding him all the time like I did. Could a cat starve and die in one day? Reasonably, I don’t think so. This cat lived through way colder temperatures than what it was outside yesterday. Was it just his time to go? If he was hungry, I know he could’ve gone home to his owners. He does sometime disappear for a few days and come back. I just feel terrible and thinking somehow it was my fault. 

I don’t know who his owners are. He never had a collar/tag. I had him cremated and kept the cremains. If I knew who the owners are, I would let them know. So I’ve been on some local lost pets pages to see if anybody posts anything looking for him. 

I really want to smoke right now. And some wine. I’ve been brawling over this cat. Not even my cat. But over the course of the 2 years, I’ve fallen in love with him. He was such a sweet sweet cat. 