First time posting on Reddit. I quit 9 days ago and I’m on here because the “Smoke Free” app directed me. I have found this thread to be very helpful. I just want to yap right now. And get some advice. Long post.

Where do I start? I’ve been smoking for about 10 years. I used to be a social smoker before that. Only smoked when I was partying. I officially became a smoker after I was about to commit suicide, called up my bff in the middle of the night crying, she stopped me, and at that moment I realized I wasn’t trapped, I just needed to dig my way out of my hole. I got in a little trouble with my college because of the girl I was subletting my apartment to and that threw me over the edge and I started smoking from that day on. Months later, I withdrew from pharmacy school after spending four years there. I told my boyfriend I couldn’t take his shit anymore (long story short, he just needed time to grow up) and I couldn’t deal with being there. I packed up, took what I could in my car, left home and drove 1000 miles to stay with my brother. 

Fast forward 10 years, I ended up marrying my boyfriend from before (he finally grew up), I moved back and we now have a 3yo daughter. Uh, yeah, I smoked through my pregnancy. Horrible I know. I’m ashamed of it. Sooooo lucky my daughter was born healthy and is healthy. I don’t want to take that risk again. So I decided I HAVE to quit smoking before I get pregnant next year. Problem is my husband is a smoker and I am just stuck in a routine. I wake up, smoke a cigarette. Go to the bathroom, smoke a cigarette. Get ready for work, smoke a cigarette. Drive to work, smoke a cigarette. That’s four cigarettes by 9am. I do not smoke during my work hours. That’s 10 hours without smoking because I don’t want my boss or my co-workers to know I smoke. Again, I am ashamed of it. I smoke two cigarettes on my way home. By the end of the night, I smoke about 10 cigarettes per day at least. On my days off...I could smoke a whole pack a day. We never smoke around our daughter. It is always away from her. 

In any case, I thought to myself, I can go 10 hours without a cigarette out of fear of others judging me so why can’t I just quit? Well, I found an opportune time to quit. My brother had asked me to come help him with his business while his wife is away on vacation. He doesn’t smoke, nobody around him smokes. He knows I smoke. So I asked him, do not let me smoke during my 2 weeks while I’m staying with him and working with him. He agreed to kick my ass if I do. I didn’t kick my ass the first 2-3 days that I was still smoking when I first arrived but he would follow me outside and nag. I finished the pack of cigarettes I brought with me and that was that. I have found it easier to quit this time around (I’ve attempted many times and the longest was 5 weeks) because of the environment I am in and the setting is different so there isn’t a set routine. He drives me everywhere and I can’t smoke in his car. He doesn’t give me the opportunity to even buy a pack. It’s all working out like I thought it would. 

I’m leaving in 3 days. I’m starting to freak out. By the time I get home, it will be 12 days smoke free. 12 days is a pretty good start but I know I went 5 weeks before and still went back to smoking. I’ve been relatively stress free staying with my brother because I can’t do anything about anything anyways. I know when I get home, I’m gonna have to face my life. My reality. I’m so afraid I’m going to fall straight back into my daily routine. Plus, my husband is a smoker. I am very anxious everyday. I’m always stressed the fuck out and high strung. Especially with a 3yo wild child. She goes to school 5 days a week, she has dance school, I work 5 days a week, we’re dealing with financial stuff and trying to buy a house and blah blah blah. I don’t know what to do if he smokes in the car and I’m there. I don’t know what to do if I have a melt down. He said he will try to not smoke around me. He doesn’t smoke as much as I do. Any suggestions on what I can do in the car when he smokes? Any suggestions on what I can do if I have a complete breakdown? Please don’t tell me to go for a walk or a run or work out. Nope. I feel like I need to smoke after doing any “hard” labor. 