Here goes...

So today is day one without cigarettes for me. I have been smoking for only a little over a year, but even so I have always known it was a bad habit. In the past, I've been able to quit for a few weeks to a month or so, but life events would change and I would turn back. I really want this quit to stick and I'm optimistic that having a community like this will help. I've been reading some posts here for a week or so now and have been encouraged by the support and guidance this community brings. 

I started smoking my senior year of college merely out of curiosity. Honestly, I was attracted to smoking-- I thought it looked cool and sexy. After my first few, I was certain that it was something I could control and thus a non-issue. But as time went on, I realized that my addiction was growing and smoking was becoming a burden on my life. It made me feel so guilty. I never felt comfortable telling people I smoked, though over time my friends and family found out, and I would always go out of my way to smoke in private. I would even go to great lengths to try and mask the scent because I felt embarrassed even if strangers could tell. Smoking is a nasty habit and from the start came great shame with it. 

During the first year smoking, especially when I was finishing up school, I feel into a mild depression. The depression is multi-layered and fluctuates in severity, but I found that I valued my alone time with cigarettes. It became almost a ritual for me-- going outside, playing music, smoking a few, maybe even having a drink or two. As I look back, I remember those times fondly-- which is worrisome. I know that smoking, though it helped me relaxed, isn't truly why I found those  moments therapeutic, but as I look forward to being smoke free, I can't help but think its going to be hard to find some other sort of ritual that provides the same experience. I don't want to come off as glorifying smoking, but in those moments I just felt better. I know, however, that they were still unhealthy and shameful because after I was done I would go back to feeling sad and  having just smoked, embarrassed. Moving forward, my biggest challenge will be determining healthy alternatives to this. 

My experience with cigarettes is a paradox, truly. In those brief moments I felt so relaxed and in control, but those feelings fled as quickly as they came. I still find myself depressed and have plans to start counseling at some point, but my biggest fear is that Ill fall back to smoking because "I can't solve that problem till I solve my depression problem." Has anyone else ever thought like this? Thought that smoking, while a problem, is one that can wait until other problems are solved? I know need to restructure my thinking so that smoking *is* the problem and has an effect on my emotional levels. It will be hard though. 

I guess to start, if you have read all of this, I am interested to hear thoughts on how to avoid smoking when it has been a crux to deeper, more psychological issues. How do I tackle smoking now, today, understanding that it will help me, in some way, tackle my larger issues?

Yikes, I hope that isn't too deep for this subreddit. Again I really appreciate this community and am thankful to have a place to turn as I start smoke-free.