Day 10.

My friend quit a couple months ago. One day he decided that smoking didn't make sense. He told me: 

There's nothing natural about smoking. It's one of the most foreign things you can do. You learn to go to the store, to spend exorbitant amounts of money, to light a burning stick and breathe it in, sometimes dozens of times a day. It poisons your body. It poisons your family and friends. It's death. So fuck that. 

He quit and never looked back. It took a bad LSD trip but he did it. Good for him. 

But he made sense and I was tired of gulping down two cigarettes fresh out of bed in my underwear ever morning. So I stopped, again. I've been smoking for a decade and I've stopped a dozen times. I'm on day 10, again. It's not my first time, but I did it again and it wasn't that hard again. 

The withdrawals are never fun. I usually have 3 or 4 days where I want to strangle everyone that talks to me. I swear under my breath constantly, at old ladies who are driving slow and that spacey dude who takes an extra 5 seconds to buzz me into the gate at work. But in the scheme of things those 3 days are nothing, and withdrawals are the easy part.

The long stretch isn't a stretch at all. It's unending. I've made it a month, 2, even 6 once. The real kicker for me is that after those first days, life is just less pleasant than it was before. Days and weeks pass by, each feels like eating a bland meal. There's not much joy in swallowing a big bowl of cold mush. It tastes like snot and the texture is nauseating, but I know I should eat it and although I don't want to do I do it anyway not because I'm strong but because I'm weak.

What I want, what would really make me happy, is to go out like a star explode like a hedonistic supernova. I want to fight the good fight, die a beautiful death, to have songs sung about me. It's a characteristic of the young. So is naivety. It's no coincidence. 

Quitting is my final acknowledgment that life is drab. We don't die like rockstars. We get old and fat and contract embarrassing diseases. When death comes, we are weak and bedridden with a bag at our side collecting our feces and have enough life experience to know it'll likely continue getting worse. 

I heard somewhere that the sign of a young man is wanting to die gloriously for a cause. The sign of a mature man is that he wants to live humbly for one. Google tells me it's from Catcher in the Rye. Jesus fucken Christ I despise myself. But the real problem is that I'm neither.

What I am is scared. I'm fragile. I'm mentally and physically weak. There's a thousand stupid ways to ruin my pathetic life and I'm scared of all of them. I'm a lonely insignificant speck floating on a has-been planet orbited by a cold, indifferent sun. Bonus if you caught that Simpsons reference. 

Anyway, thanks for reading if you managed. And good luck to everyone. Really. 