Relapsed, but I studied it closely...

I quit the 5th Jan, 25th birthday kind of thing. Watched ACs EasyWay and went for it as an experiment. Really enjoyed the mind over matter, checkmating yourself, watching the subtle reasons why I should smoke pop up like sleezy wheezing devils on your shoulder, meeting them with calm counter-reasoning and watching the thought fade out into quiet.  
  
Then, last weekend, I was at a bar with my girlfriend and started again. She'd been not drinking, dry January. She caved. We argued. I smoked. This week I've been able to watch it creep back up to chaining and thought I'd share it.  
  
That first one on Friday night was mixed. I savoured the headrush, there was some victory, fuck you, rebellious type satisfaction in there too, but overall, neutral, at best. Of course. You hear that, all you bastards wanting one last little taste? You get a little brain fuzz, a weird shortlived heaviness in the body, and then normality, all in under a minute. Boy, are you missing out.  
  
GF and I make up, go home. Wake up, enjoy the hangover, eat, listen to music. I'd usually be smoking all afternoon while I did stuff. I think I had two all day, still riding that fuck you wave, though now the irony of who I was fucking over with this was dousing that little satisfaction.  
  
Dinner party with close friends that night. Social stimulation. Barely thought about it, even drunk. In the back of head it's: I'll quit after the weekend - I'm not even thinking about it! The Sleezy Wheez is getting subtly getting stronger...  
  
Sunday morning: Dat morning cigarette hunny... Went straight for it. Caught myself. Knew what was happening. Knew you could have put a collar on me, tinkled a bell and I'd salivate onto your behaviourist psychology textbook. This was well outside the range of any fuck you, any social pressure, any *pleasure* whatsoever. I was happy from such a warm and fun evening, rose tinted from my girlfriend dozing in bed and looking forward to a day of nothing at all. A cigarette can not improve on that shit. Not a little. Why the hell lie to ourselves? Pure addiction. As this all breezed through on a non pressured wind of self-evident obviousness, I lit up, and committed to study how fast this addiction momentum gets going. I was far from the rate I was smoking 10 days ago, how quick can that creep up on you? Yeah, science.  
  
5 days. From Friday night, with my first lapse, to Wednesday evening, back to chaining it without regard or the pretense of pleasure. It took five days to be tugging on that filter like there was something precious inside and for the Sleeze to take up his throne in the saddle of my dignity. And me the one who gave him the riding crop and tied the ball gag to my own face.  
  
I'm starting again. Makes you feel so fucking... uh, sleezy. 