24 Hours in/ Tips on quitting vaping

Haven't smoked for 24 hours. Might sound like a shit achievement to people who have been smoke free for months but for me its an achievement. The only time I haven't smoked for 24 hours is when I'm so ill my lungs hurt to smoke.  
Only been 24 hours but I'm already starting to see some results, my anxiety is very low compared to usual and this morning I woke up without that dry feeling in my throat.   
I've heard the first few days are easy and it gets hard weeks in, but just wanted  to share my progress to people who are thinking about it. I always put off quitting smoking for years, it would also be "Tomorrow ill stop" and the tipping point was hearing a family member describe a patient she had on placement who had COPD. I always knew that smoking was a major cause of COPD, but I always said it would never happen to me. After researching it and looking at patients with it I truly got scared so set a quit date and promised I would quit then. Well that day was Yesterday and I started vaping 6mg liquid, and have had no large cravings since.   
I started smoking at a very young age due to being around friends that would drink and smoke at a young age, I always knew it was really bad and the risks that come with it (Emphysema etc) when I started, but was oblivious to the fact it could happen to me. As we were very young we vaped as well as smoking as we thought it was \*cool\* and that was mainly what led into being addicted to smoking.  
Many people on this sub-reddit have an issue with quitting vaping after they have quit smoking. In my opinion, switching down to lower nicotine liquids until you get to 0 is a good idea, but you'll find yourself vaping way more than you would with 6mg or higher liquid. In my experience, the best way to quit vaping is to treat it like a cig. For example, if you say "I'm going to have 10 drags of my vape at 5:00pm and make it last over 5 minutes" then you don't vape till 5:30pm and repeat the same 10 drags over 5 minutes. The daily make the intervals smaller, so you don't vape till 5:35pm etc. After a few weeks your intervals for vaping should be quite large, and to the point where you "forget" about your vape. The issues with this method is that you need some willpower to see it through, but it's giving your Brain something to look forward to, which helps with the cravings. The trick is to not look at the time and do something productive, then when the time reaches you won't even know its been half an hour.  


Let's hope I've kicked the habit for good!