I am new here, just saying "Hi."

Hello, I am new to the /r/stopsmoking community. I have mailed my request for a badge. My quit date was Feb 8th of this year. I have been smoking since I was about 15 years old and I am now 32. I am from Nebraska. At the time I quit two weeks ago I was smoking roughly 2-3 cigarettes a day, unless I was drinking I would go through an entire pack some nights. This led to really bad hangovers even if I didn't have that much to drink. I think it must bring blood-oxygen levels down or something. Anyway, cigarettes were just making me feel awful and lethargic when normally I've got a lot of energy. Also, I could tell that it was taking a toll on my skin. I looked sort of weathered and tired. I've noticed a substantial change in the vibrancy of my skin even in these short couple of weeks. Also, food tastes better and I have been enjoying making soups and chili during this cold Nebraska winter. 

I quit cold turkey this time around. No nicotine replacement or e-cigarette. My two sources of help have been chewing minty gum (I was a menthol smoker) and an app for my iPhone called "Jason Vale's Stop Smoking in 2 Hours." If you haven't heard of it, here is how it works: You listen to an initial lecture that lasts about two hours. He really does a great job explaining the cycle of nicotine addiction and puts it in perspective in a way that I never had thought about before. It all made so much sense. 

After the initial video there is daily coaching for the first week consisting of videos that you watch shortly after you wake up. There are also meditation exercises that you listen to right before you fall asleep. I typically fall asleep while listening to them. They use the power of suggestion and deep relaxation to really imbed a message into your subconsciousness. There is also an S.O.S. feature. I used it for the first time last night while I was out with friends because I was just certain I was going to bum a cigarette. The S.O.S. feature of the app is basically Jason talking you off the ledge. I excused myself last night to listen to the 8 minute recording. It really helped and I was so proud of myself for staying strong and overcoming that urge. 

The hardest part is over for me, I think. I am excited for my new life as a non-smoker. I want to retire someday and travel the country and the world with the woman I love and I don't want to be attached to an oxygen supply or even worse, dead. I've gained so much self respect in the last two weeks. I'm really proud of myself. 

If anyone needs support, please feel free to private message me, or if you need a quit buddy, we could even exchange numbers and text each other for support. Good Luck to everyone here at /r/stopsmoking. You are free from the slavery of addiction and you have added many, many happy years to your lives. 