When it gets hard thats what I did! My smoking mission for today hahaha


And i think its good to share it too. Somethings a litte thing you say may not change the world. But it might does for somebody.
Ok here it goes:
I stopped only for 12 days and i had only two big cravings for which something i did worked. the other cravings wherent really tough as you get used to beeing not smokong quite quickly ensuring your save. your not. be aware it can always flare up. THIS are the moments proove you can do it. I can say i worked it through with what worked for Me. So if something you try doesnt work dont give up. find things which works for you. there is a pattern behind what triggers you not to smoke:
-first time I just went to sleep after a party beeing home. hm good point right?;)
(because I know it doesnt last the night and you wake up in the morning with a good feeling you resisted instead of a rusty throat. also i like sleeping much more than smoking hahaha)
-second was in a night out. 9ne of my friends zmoked and i really wanted just one. But I prepared one things to do instead as one of the app missions said once actually. because even the "no more puff no matter what" got hard to stand when thinking: one time is no time. well its not true. one time is always THE time. the time when it starts. so dont fall for that evil trick of your mind. if smb kills smb else saying one time is no time he cant really say he didnt kill anybody. so: one ciggy is already the beginning of the end. get that im your head.
so what i prepared for tough moments, like bad news or lets say my granies dies (god have her save) i drink a whiskey.
now its important to understand to not replace one addiction with another oner one. a herion addict stopping herion taking only coke now is still up for dying early!
i dont like whiskey to be honest so chances i get addicted are low. and it fulls fills the cligees what movies filled you with the last decades. not that one of the soldier fighting his last stand smoking a last ciggy... more the one: "...shit! now i need a drink..."
and this way i discovered actually a new drink I like. next party i have one again ;)
for fun. not for resisting the craving.
because you will realize you will think less and less about ciggies and it wont always be tough in the moments you usually smoked. parties, coffee, food ect.
you will see you can enjoy those moments much better because your mind isnt occupied with going smoking every 20 mins. ;)
And thaats how your take your live in the right hands again. Yours!
Enjoy