This is my first time here. I could use some help.

Hi everyone. This is my first time to this subreddit and I'm on my mobile and I can't seem to find the rules, so I sincerely apologize in advance if I do something wrong. I could just really use some help.

A little backstory first. I am about to be 36 next month and I quit smoking 16 months ago. I made a promise to my husband a long time ago that I would quit smoking the day after my 35th birthday. But I did it sooner and I did it for myself. I had been a heavy smoker since I was 15. It was a huge part of my identity for so long, I had almost been proud of it. I LOVED to smoke.


I started working out and eating better and then one day I just realized I hated it. It had started to feel and taste awful. I also started becoming horribly embarrassed by it more and more. So one day I just decided to stop. 


I'm not sure how you all feel about e-cigarettes, but I used it as a tool to help wean myself off of what had become a 2 1/2 pack of Marlboro reds a day *hobbie*. I didn't want to start using it as replacement addiction. So I dropped down in nicotine as quickly (but safely) as possible. I finally ended up at zero milligrams and stopped completely. It was actually much easier than I would've thought. I never had cravings or any desire at all to ever start again.
Funny enough I became pregnant shortly after. I never thought I would look back.


My son is now 7 weeks old and as of a week ago I broke down and I have started sneaking a cigarette here and there. It started out of stress. That first day I did it was terrible. My husband and I had been fighting really bad for a week, the lack of sleep was catching up to me and my son had been having an especially hard/fussy day. We started arguing again and I just needed to get away for a second. I went to the store that night to get something and I ended up getting a pack of cigarettes as well. I sat in the parking lot for a long time looking at them and then using I talked myself into having one, using my anger at my husband as an excuse..."I show him, blah blah blah"


I smoked a second one after that and then out of absolute guilt and disappointment in myself I threw the rest away and went home where I showered and scrubbed my body and teeth profusely until I was sure I couldn't smell or taste it. I promised myself that was it. I knew I would be fine and I wouldn't start craving them. But now I have managed to go through a whole pack and something that started as a very one time thing I'm horribly afraid is about to turn chronic. It has started to feel good again, it relaxes me again. 


I'm so ashamed and embarrassed. I'm horribly disappointed in myself. I'm sneaking around trying not to have someone notice. I just needed to tell someone. I just need some help and support to stop again.
Again I'm sorry if I broke any rules. Any advice?