3 months in, I'm here to say that you CAN do it.

Well honestly I haven't been on this sub-reddit in about 2 months because I haven't been thinking about smoking anymore. I just wanted to say that everyone CAN quit smoking!
I struggled with quitting I think I went through 4 attempts in 2 months and kept giving in to my cravings because it was easier then continuing to stress myself out. I also had this silly thought that was " Is there really a life for me without smoking?", working in restaurants for the last 8 years it has always been the only break that I would get throughout the day and it was REALLY stressing me out at the time. I think there was 2 big reasons as to why I was able to quit for good this time.

1. I read somewhere on here that if you have continually been trying to quit smoking and continually failing, it shows that you have already made the decision that you're going to stop smoking. Every time I would relapse and cave I would remember what caused me to give in and how I can avoid that from happening the next time. One example was I had a really stressful night at work and this girl I've been hanging out with flipped her shit on me about how I've been annoyed at her all night and being rude and stuff. Instead of telling her what was going on and how I was in the middle of quitting cold turkey. I just stormed out and bummed a smoke from one of my kitchen guys and talked to her later when I was calmed down. Later that night I was so pissed off at myself, I just wasted 3 days of cold turkey for nothing and will have to start the process all over again and go through the first 2 days of hell all over again.

Keep track of your triggers and what caused you to give in that last time. Plan out what you will do or how you will defuse that situation, or how you will avoid it entirely next time and still stay on track with your quit.

2. Working at a restaurant was the main reason I started smoking. I was 17 and everyone was getting breaks but me because they smoked and I didn't. So naturally I started smoking and I also started getting 5 minute breaks 3 times a shift. Now 8 years later I smoked about a pack every 2 days, not horrible but it wasn't doing me any favors either. Well I can tell you from experience that those breaks are no longer a blessing once you're addicted to smoking. Nights where I was getting killed in the kitchen and I wouldn't get to go for a smoke for 4-5 hours at a time I was completely furious about everything and lashing out at people because my brain was having nicotine withdrawals. Now that I have quit smoking I don't even think about taking breaks really, if I need some fresh air I'll just tell them in stepping outside for a second. Now that my I don't crave nicotine every 2 hours I don't feel the need to go constantly take breaks I just keep focused and do my job.

Going for a smoke will never help out your situation, period. Nicotine will actually make EVERY stressful situation even more stressful, now that I have quit I can think clearly and I don't find myself as quick to get angry over small things.

I'm babbling but I just wanted to give some advice to everyone on here who reached out to me when I was struggling during my quit. I would seriously stress about thinking there's no life for me without smoking because that's how warped my brain was when I was smoking. I laugh about it now but at the time it was a real stress for me when I was quitting that my career would be unbearable without smoking. Now that I have some energy and I don't wheeze after walking up a flight of stairs I've been exercising again and even dating a little.

I also wanted to say that during my attempts to quit I had a vape pen with nicotine that didn't really work out for me, I've tried patches and nicotine gum as well but It would just give me really fucked up dreams at night. I think that honestly once you've come to the point where you are REALLY ready to quit you'll know it, you won't give in to the smallest things because you're too committed to letting small things ruin your quit this time. My last 2 attempts were cold turkey, the first 2 days are hell and cravings will really test your commitment, once I was past the first week I knew I wouldn't smoke ever again. PS: Breath mints and Gum don't help nearly as much as I thought it did when I smoked, even though you don't smell it everyone else around can tell you were just outside smoking. ( I can't believe I smelled like that to everyone around me for 8 years.) 

THERE IS A VERSION OF YOU THAT DOESN'T INVOLVE SMOKING AND ONCE YOU DISCOVER WHO THAT PERSON IS AGAIN YOU WILL NEVER LOOK BACK!

 If anyone needs a shoulder or help don't hesitate to message me, this sub helped me and I will do what I can in return.