I've got it this time.

Well for the last 6 months I've tried to quit about 5-6 times unsuccessfully. I bought the Allen Carr book and tried to quit immediately after finishing it, and after 2 days at work I caved. Then about a month ago I tried to quit again, I let something dumb get to me about a co-worker and caved. Now 2 weeks ago I reviewed the points in each chapter of the book really quick, went to bed and have smoked since. 
To anyone who feel's like they'll never be able to kick the habit I just want to say that every time I failed to quit, I learned another lesson about how to make sure that same thing didn't happen again. Don't be upset with your failure, learn from it and push yourself to stay strong with quitting. 

A huge thing I struggled with before I quit this time was what I call " Is there another side?". I used to obsess (stupidly now I think of course) about is there a life that's possible without smoking? I used to worry about, what do people who don't smoke do with all that free time during the day? After the 3rd day I realized that there is a life for me that doesn't involve smoking every 2 hours. Especially working in a restaurant I was really worried that I would never get to take a break ever again. Not the case I literally say to my co-workers "I'm going outside for 5 minutes." and I'll just walk around and listen to music instead. Or if I'm really struggling Ill browse this reddit.

Another thing I really had to wrap my mind around was " Smoking a cigarette will not help this situation." This was a really big milestone for me because I was finally able to wrap my mind around the fact that having a smoke will not make this situation easier or better to deal with. One night at work we got completely destroyed 2 of our guys called in sick and I ended up closing the restaurant alone and worked for 11 hours. I changed and went outside and my brain immediately said " What a long fucking night, you deserve a smoke." I finished the entire night without a smoke and worked 11 hours without a smoke, will I really be happy having a smoke now after I've just finished the most difficult part of this day? No. Smoking that cigarette will never help the situation that you are in, it will make it worse in every fashion.

Today I realized that I won't smoke ever again, I was cleaning out my car today and found a pack of cigarettes that had about 20 left in it. My heart skipped a beat for a second because usually that would be a great fucking day finding smokes I didn't know I had! I composed myself walked into work and gave the pack away to one of my co-workers and forgot about it almost as quickly as I'd found it. I want to thank everyone on here for helping me previously when I was struggling, for giving me advice when I was in need and also just being a positive force in my quit as well. I truly think that I've got it this time, granted I'm only 2 weeks in but the cravings already come few and far between and when I do get a craving I usually can identify now and think " Not today nicotine you little bitch, fuck you."

Don't be afraid to fall down, there's always someone that will help you up. 

If anyone needs help or is in panic mode don't hesitate to ask me because I feel the need  to repay what you've all done for me already!