I got a star! :)

I actually missed the proper day cos I forgot about it!
32 days and I know I'll never smoke again. I had all my biggest triggers last night and I didn't even consider it. I didn't even think that it would have in anyway improved the situation had I been "able" to smoke. There's a local music festival and market on where I live and I'm so far playing 7 times in the whole weekend. I played 5 of those gigs yesterday.
1. I'm not sure if have had that kind of endurance when I was smoking. I even have a cold and I still sang almost as normal and really enjoyed myself.
2. Loads and loads of people were smoking at the festival all around me and all I thought was "Ew, I wish they wouldn't"
3. I was waiting on my own for someone in the upstairs terrace bar that you're allowed to smoke in and I was absolutely hammered and slightly awkward stood on my own and I didn't want to smoke at all. I saw some friends at a table who were all smoking and sat with them for a bit and still didn't want it! In the beginning of my quit I did think once or twice "this situation would be less awkward if if could smoke" - now I just remember thinking that and laugh at how stupid it is.
4. At one point there was so much noise and so much going on that my head was spinning a bit and I was stood outside with a friend of mine and she offered me a joint to "help" and I just said "ah no thanks, I'm good" and I didn't feel the urge to say yes or to explain myself and then someone else with us said "oh yeah you quit didn't you?" 
It's funny, when I comes up, people are like "wow, well done you that's really tough" and I feel kind of like a fake because I don't feel like I've done anything. People will say how much respect they have for me and I'm like oh.. But it wasn't hard so I don't feel like I deserve praise for it. 

Seriously, if you haven't read Allen carr's book and watching the YouTube video - do it now! I might have still been quit without out of sheer stubbornness but I would not have been as happy about it as I am. It's not hard. It doesn't have to be hard. I thinK about 20 days in - once my emotions had gone back to normal, it became the easiest most natural thing in the world :) x