How to want to quit?

I've been a daily smoker for 5 years now. Last week I got a little flu and decided not to smoke for  1 day so I'd get better sooner. I was happy with that decision, chewed some nicotine gum, and decided to occasionally have smoke free days! The flu kept me in bed and happy not to smoke for 3 days.
I never decided to completely quit, but as it felt fucking stupid to smoke when I could've quit and already suffered the first days, I went 6 days without smoking. Relapsed last night - I didn't WANT to quit anyway, not yet!
I have made huge progress with my life in the past 2 years. Quit 2 major substance addictions. Withdrawals, including cravings, were rough but as I was motivated and super determined, I viewed them as an interesting, yet annoying phenomenon that had to be gone through to get to my new life. I did it with no problem. I went to therapy, found a new kind of real mental health, also improving physical a lot with exercise etc. I've never been happier! 
A long time ago I promised myself to quit smoking before 30, I'm 24 now. I've decided to go easy on myself for now. Considering all the progress and my overall situation it's been feeling good and the right thing to still let myself smoke if I want to. 
But why do I want to? I know this is a good chance to quit and I probably should. I haven't smoked since last night, I should continue without. But I don't want to decide to quit. The thing keeping me from smoking is trying to decide if I should and ruminating over the issue. I'm playing time. If I continue to ruminate, maybe the cravings will fade and I'll want to decide to quit. 
I want to get out of this thought loop, either by quitting with determinition which I'm hoping to find from forcefully abstaining, or not yet quitting and finding the motivation more gradually. This is so fucking stupid addict rationalizing! I should just quit! But I know how to successfully quit something, and this is not it. I know I'll relapse if I can't find the will. I am tired of overthinking. I should probably just smoke, hold on to my decision of occasional smoke free days and actively try to find the will to actually decide to quit. But I don't know about smoking. Maybe this is how the nicotine addiction works. Maybe I should abstain for 2 weeks just to be sure. It's just absolutely fucking draining. I'm starting a new job next week and moving together with my SO. Big changes, probably not the best time to quit, really not the best time to occupy my mind with this. But will I ever feel ready and like it's the right time, wouldn't this be a good time to build new smokefree routines? 
I dont want to stop, I'm a little afraid I'll never want to, I want to want to. Any thoughts would be super helpful! And thank you for reading this book of a rant, just had to get it out of my mind!