Why the Hell did I quit smoking?

As I am typing this it has been some 920 days since my last cigarette. I'm currently sitting in my room watching Bridget Jones's Diary while fairly intoxicated, and I can't help but notice how many damn cigs people are smoking in this movie. This is odd though. You see, the first few months after I had quit smoking there was a tremendous amount of pride I felt towards it. I could almost always name the exact number of days since my last cigarette, and I was genuinely happy as that number grew higher and higher. After about a year or so though, the only thing that made me feel good about quitting smoking was the ability to talk to friends about it. I felt like any other addict talking about recovery to someone; every conversation with a smoker ended in me discussing quitting with them, not because I really felt they should quit but because I felt like if I had to quit then they should too. This was my second phase of quitting. For me this second phase was epitomized by my desire to make others stop because (if I was honest with myself) it would make it so much easier for me for everyone to be a non-smoker as well. And that's when it hit me... I was living in a world where the real reason I quit had nothing to do with me wanting to quit, and everything to do with me feeling like I was SUPPOSED to quit. That is when I entered my third mental state of quitting: I quit for myself, but with no real motivator. I started to realize that at this point in my life I quit purely because I KNEW that in the end the health benefits would be worth the struggle. This is obviously not a bad or false reason to quit, but it provided little genuine comfort to me when I questioned my lengthy decision/commitment. I went through a few months of not smoking purely because it had become a true habit to NOT smoke. When I was a smoker it took a concentrated effort to go to the gas station and NOT buy a pack of cigarettes. At this point in my life though the only thing keeping me from smoking was my re-enforced habit of NOT buying those cigarettes when offered or buying gas. Looking back on it I can see that this was my most vulnerable stage of the quitting process. When I first started quitting (for the last time) I went into it with the hard set determination that this would be my last ATTEMPT at quitting. I figured if I couldn't drop it at this point I probably never would, but if I am honest I reasoned it would eventually be an excuse for why I never quit smoking. Since my little experiment failed I would never be able to actually quit, right? But in the end it stuck, and I somehow tricked myself into no longer desiring a smoke... Until recently. As I am watching this movie I realize that I am constantly CONSIDERING a cig, but I am never acting on it. Whether it is at a bar or on a long car ride, whenever I am hanging out with a friend or on a romantic endeavor and I see a person smoking a cig I feel... something. I can't say that it is the desire to smoke, but it is the desire for something. And only now, and I am drunk in front of a computer and TV do I realize what the something is. I have no problem with the idea of never smoking again, what I have issue with is the idea of never being ALLOWED to smoke again. What I mean to say, is that it seems so weird that I can never again allow myself those 240 seconds of relief. I can never again take that short break from reality. I can never again have a single cigarette. At some point this triple digit number that was a source of pride became a liability. I don't know when it happened, but it happened. I live in a world now where the number of days since my last cig has almost become a burden to me. I feel like I have to carry it around with me, but the truth is at my age I can legitimately expect 18,000 more days without a cig. I shouldn't face them as a burden though. These days are rewards in themselves. They are days that I don't stink to everyone around me. They are days I don't have to approach every situation from the point of do I have enough cigs to make it through the day. And most importantly, they are days I don't have to worry about what my future health will be due to short term decisions. Anyways, this ramble is probably not going to mean much to anyone, but if it strikes a nerve then pay close attention. It is worth it. As daunting as my number of days since my last cig may be some times, I am always able to take pride in it. As long as that day is more than zero, progress has been made and I am moving forward. That is why as I am noticing all these people smoking in this movie it is not making me want a cigarette. Instead, I can't help but feel a little separated from these characters, because I finally don't want that cig, but I am still resentful that I can't have it. I am living wanting to have my cake and eat it too, but that simply isn't a possibility. I don't think I will ever knock my number down to zero, but I can't lie and say the temptation isn't there. In the end though, habits will be your friend, and lack of a reason will become enough of a reason.I guess what I am saying is keep with it, no matter how tough it may get. Anyways, my drunken rant is over and I am going to bed. Cheers all, and good luck.