I'm quitting today. For real.

Hey guys, I've been a long-time lurker here at /r/stopsmoking. I started smoking four years ago. I've always been an athlete. Played a lot of basketball on all sorts of levels(I'm 27 now). Nowadays I gasp for breath after one sprint. I barely can touch the rim few times before getting too tired and feel like having a smoke. I always feel fatigued all day. I always was aware it was the smoking and my grandmother died from lung cancer from smoking which should have been a eye-opener. But no. No matter what, I can't live without cigarettes. 

Today at noon I was with a friend having a coffee and a smoke outside. I saw an old basketball buddy of mine playing ball nearby with some people(haven't seen him for 5 years). He saw me and asked me to join cause they needed one more guy for a 5 on 5 run. 10 minutes later, I'm drenched in sweat and gasping for breath. It was basically 4-on-5 all the way. I barely could get few inches off the ground and all my concentration was on taking the next step, nothing more. 

When the game was over,I stood on the sidelines, hands on my knees and trying to breathe like a fish out of water. I never was this ashamed of myself that bad until that moment. My bud thanked me for playing but I could see in his eyes he was disappointed in me. I had no respect on the court. That really hurt me because I've always loved basketball my entire life. The way they looked at me. It didn't really hit me that bad until today. 

Of today, I'm quitting. At 1:35, I soaked the cigarettes in water and threw them out. It's only been couple of hours now but I'm fucking craving for a cig right now. Only 2 hours? That's embarrassing. I'm still staying strong but how in the hell am I going to survive the rest of my life without cigs? it's completely, utterly *impossible* to imagine that right now in my current state. Much less 24 hours!!!! 

I'm 100% aware it's my own responsibility to quit. Not anybody else. It's always helpful to hear encouragement from anybody whether it's in real life or in this subreddit but ultimately it's up to me to make the choice. The reason I posted cause I felt like letting it out and I feel better now. This subreddit is a lifeline. Great posts, nice positivity and great people. Thanks, everybody. 


**TL;DR** : Me love basketball. Four years of smoking. Joined a pick-up game today. Was nearly dead in 10 minutes. Eye-opener. Decided to quit smoking today. Me become Lebron by next year.

