Just broke and threw all my cigarettes and lighter in the trash. Never again. Things I need to remind myself the next time I think about picking up a cancer stick.

I worked so hard and came to a new country with a huge loan on my shoulders to study. It kills me that I’m a burden on my family and that my mom and Dad have to send me their entire hard earned salaries every month to support me  while cutting corners to make ends meet (on top of providing for my brother). And what do I do? I blow it all on packs and packs of cigarettes. What would they do if I got cancer in this expensive ass country? I or they don’t have the money for treatment. It would bring my entire career to a halt even before it starts. They’d have to pay back the loans I accrued, which they possibly cannot because they’re retiring and already running out of the last of their savings. I could die of an asthma or heart attack tomorrow and they would cry so much for me, not having seen me in years and finding me dead the next time they do. They don’t deserve this horrible life and terrible person in their life, they’re such good, innocent, loving, selfless people. From being a fit, proactive and lean individual, I have become a fat and lazy person who doesn’t like herself anymore. It feels like I haven’t taken care of myself or felt healthy in years. I can’t bear to look at myself in the mirror. All I do is look at my lips turning darker and keep checking for the first sign of cancer that may appear on my body. I think my lungs are giving up on me and I can’t breathe normally anymore and I may well have asthma. My sinus is already at its worst stage. Nothing feels fun anymore, I start squirming and snapping at people when I run out of cigarettes, only the next pack makes me happy. I smoke five cigarettes in a row, just because. When I’m broke I go hungry for days because I spend all my remaining quarters and dollars on cigarettes. My boyfriend is really healthy and doesn’t smoke or drink, and he feels helpless and disappointed in me. I feel helpless and disappointed in myself. When I come to class, my classmates make fun of me in front of my faculty saying she probably got late coz she was smoking outside for so long. I can’t go on like this anymore, I may as well die. But I can’t die. I need to live for the people that love me. I need to be happy and healthy for them. And I need to do their lives justice and give them so much back in return for all the sacrifices they’ve made for their selfish, self-indulgent daughter, girlfriend, friend and classmate. I truly want to be a better person and be able to look at myself in the mirror again. I can either love smoking or I can love myself and my life. I certainly cannot do both. And today I choose the latter. I refuse to be a disappointment to my parents and my boyfriend. I just broke all my cigarettes into pieces and threw away my box and lighter. So long smoking, and good riddance. Hello life.