Smoke free since 22 Oct 2014

I actively smoked since I was 17. I used to smoke 20 cigarettes pack per day. After countless attempts, after I tried almost everything (pills, patches, chewing gums, e-cigarettes), one day I just decided to stop smoking and it's more than three years now.

I won't say it was easy - if someone tells you it's easy to quit he's a liar. At some point I was thinking that I just can't quit and should live with it. There were several factors that helped me. First and foremost - I realized that I smoked for the half of my life. For the whole period of quitting I tried to remind myself about it each time I wanted to smoke. I also slightly changed my routine - I started to communicate less with smokers (co-workers, friends) and more with non-smokers. I've also installed an application that helps you to track days without smoking but I can't say it helped much because I installed it a year before I quit.

While quitting I experienced almost everything other quitters have - unexplainable pain, dizziness, dreams about smoking, the feeling that something is missing, some ritual, the part of life, etc. I used to become very angry when someone smoked nearby - or during first couple of weeks angry about everything, sometimes without any particular reason. There were thoughts like "I can allow one cigarette, it won't harm" even after a year of quitting. But there's no such thing as "just one cigarette". Now, I can't remember myself smoking and can't imagine myself liking it.

Gains: I'm much healthier now, I can run more and I can get better results in gym. I save more money: you'll start to notice it right after you quit - there will always be some extra money in your wallet you used to preserve for cigarettes. My fingers and nails are not yellow anymore and my clothes don't stink. Also when you quit it gives you a huge moral boost - you become confident that you can make your life better in many ways. As an example, I've decided to do a vision correction surgery and it's two years now without glasses.

Losses: you will probably miss that nice feeling at first. You can gain some extra weight but it's easier to burn it than to quit smoking.