27 years old - 10 year (ex) smoker - lung nodule found in X-ray.

Hey guys,

Just want to make a (not so) quick post here that'll hopefully encourage some of you folks to quit or stay quit.

Sadly, I suspect that 99% of those who quit, including myself, only do so because of a health scare or because they HAVE to.  So in a way, I am trying to scare you guys.

I started smoking at 17, and smoked about half a pack a day for 10 years until a few months ago (27).  

My quit happened very suddenly.  About a year ago, I developed a shortness of breath that I ignored.  Finally, one night a few months ago, I went online and read about what COPD and emphysema are.  I read about how they are incurable, irreversible, diseases. No surgeries, no medication, no treatment.   

The 5 year mortality rate for those with COPD is between 40% and 70%.  So it's not a death sentence, but I'm 27, so to apply any kind of percentage to me living for the next 5 years is extremely alarming. 

I have not smoked a cigarette, nor had any desire to, since I read up about these diseases.  **I tried everything, nothing worked.  This worked.   Fast.**

Anyways, I still have shortness of breath, so my physician ordered 2 chest X-rays and a breathing test.

One of the X-rays found a decent sized nodule in one of my lungs.  They're going to re-do the X-rays to make sure, and there's a chance that this is nothing.  I'm usually a pretty upbeat guy but I'm really scared and my mood has been wrecked since I found out.

If the nodule is nothing, I'm still rolling the dice hoping that the breathlessness is nothing too (haven't done the breathing test yet).

At this point, I'm really scared.  I am faced with evidence that I may have 1 or 2 diseases that will slowly kill me.  

Just a message to you guys:  if you're coughing, have chest tightness, shortness of breath, etc., you should go get it checked out.  Odds are that it's nothing, but frankly, there is a chance that it could be something.  And by continuing to smoke, you're lowering your chances of survival, cig by cig.  If that' not motivation to quit, well, I don't know what is.

**If you've been putting off reading about your symptoms like I did, don't do it.  We all know reading about stuff online is not a good idea, but in the case of smoking, it's an exception.  Go read about it right now.  Scare the shit out of yourself.  You'll be glad you did.**

Take care of yourselves y'all, and if anyone has a similar story to what I'm going through, it'd really be nice to hear about your experience.

Thank you for reading if you've gotten this far and God bless.

[EDIT: Update]

I took 3 follow up X-rays from different angles and received this e-mail from my doctor just now:

"Great news!  Your follow up chest x-ray is normal.  You do not have a lung nodule.  The previous finding was just an overlap of structures that caused a shadow on the x-ray that looked like a nodule.  This is an artifact that sometimes happens with x-rays.  It is not a concern and it does not represent a disease state.   "

OMG...

Thanks everyone for the concern, I really appreciate it.  I will never, ever, ever even consider smoking a cigarette again, and I hope none of you do either.  I got lucky and dodged a bullet (so far).