Hi iam new here and need help : (

Let me tell my story 
This is how l have started to smoking :
Normally i was hate smoking , cigarettes or drinking even
When i was a child i remember that when my grandpa was smoking in the living room i was feeling like it is disgusting and iam about to throw up 
I hated smell of it ...
I don't know how i have started to smoke this crap 
I can't believe it ...
It is all started when i was 16 i was struggling with  the my psychological proplems but when I had started to watch porn and masturbation my mental state got worse ...
Because of my bad genetics and lack of social skills I couldn't find a partner that was how i started to hate myself , i was felt like iam a straight loser nothing else . It is not only that my parents was so rude to me and was dealing with the abuse and bullying in the school 
I was needed to find a coping mechanism 
And i gave myself to the porn addiction ...
World was pretty cold to me , and this stupid abuse cycle still was continuing and more and more continues i gave myself to this addiction 
And more felt pity about myself , i was feeling like my exsistence is just a bad joke and iam a mistake.  When i was 17 learned about pedofiles on the internet . I deeply hated them and disgusted them 
and i  was feared i will end up like them one day ...
Because they were like lack of social skills , can't find a partner , everyone hates them and their porn addiction just like me , only difference was i wasn't a pedo but that similarities made me hate about myself more . What was life planning for me ? it will end like this ? , what a bad joke is this ?
And then i have started to smoking due to cycle of abuse dealing in the school or in home and addictions ...
I was had to kill myself slowly , needed to erase my exsistence completely 
Smoking was nothing more than self harm to me and i was enjoying it because i was harming the person I hate  ( it was me and i still hate myself )
İn 20 i had worked to improve my life , myself and my life completely but  that didn't worked , my life didn't change and i was still a loser and i hated myself more ...
Started to smoke three packages in one day because hurting myself was giving me pleasure 
İt was feeling like hurting my own worst enemy 
Now iam 22 nothing changed and iam feeling like death is the only answer and i want to die so badly : (