How do I take a break without smoking? Thanks for listening

Hey y'all

To give a quick summary about myself, I've been smoking since I was 12, and I'm 22 now. I'm in college and going through an anxious period in life. (anxiety  about finding someone to marry, responsibilities, making my family proud and living a fulfilling life) recently stopped smoking pot, and amped up on the ciggs. I've quit for 13 months about 3 months ago, but got addicted to cigars and eventually gave those up and came back to ciggs. 

I work out and am fairly active. I want to engage in high intensity work outs, and pursue some sort of athleticism, smoking holds me back, as you all know it affects me tremendously mentally and physically. Every night i go to bed and try to quit the next morning until I'm struck with unbearable cravings, until i rationalize and crave. 

THE PROBLEM-

Im willing to fight this, again, I just cant remember why I was okay with not smoking for a while. Its almost like smoking evaporated that memory.  My main question is the social aspect. Today I met a girl over a ciggerate on a class break, something I usually do, and I believe i enjoy. I wonder, and it holds me back, that if i didnt smoke, I wouldnt have met this girl, because WHAT REASON WOULD I HAVE FOR EVEN LEAVING CLASS? Why would I take a break if I didnt smoke, why would I go outdoors and see tons of kids my age and socialize with them, without a cigg I'd just feel out of place because the folks that come out by themselves are smoking. 

I feel like my social life would drastically drop if it wasn't for smoking, what would I be doing outside? What reason would I have to leave my apartment, class? Just having a smoke break gives me a reason to be outside, if i didn't smoke, I'd just be twiddling my thumbs waiting for someone to come by. I feel like that's creepy and I wouldn't be doing it. 

Also, i always used ciggs as a twix moment, need a moment? Smoke a cig. Need to take a quick break from studying. Smoke a cig. Met someone and the convo goes bland, i got a few moments to think something when i light one up. 

CONCLUSION , PLEASE PROVE ME WRONG. I KNOW I'M WRONG I JUST CAN'T GET IT TO STICK.

Without smoking I'd be stuck. I wouldn't have a reason to meet other folks smoking outside of class, i wouldn't have a break from studying to see what's going on outside( I mean I could go take a walk, but what am I accomplishing with that?) I get a sense of accomplishment after i smoke, and what ever comes with that, but it is deterring me from my potential. 

Please help me see through it, i love the way you folks answer other peoples questions, I just need some advice. Thanks. 