My nightmare of a time during the last seven months... Looking to start over, looking for some support.

Gather 'round, friends. Story time. I'm gonna use a throwaway for this because there's no one who knows what my life has come to at this point.

Just over seven months ago I made the decision to quit smoking. It was a pretty brutal quit but I made it through. A little background on me; I used to be a pretty hardcore drug abuser. I went through some rough times with several different types of drugs but I was clean for over three years when I quit smoking. About a month after I quit (it was a great month, I felt awesome) I fell into a pretty deep depression. I don't really know what was going on with me at the time. I used to spend a lot of time gaming, programming, watching movies and working out but I just couldn't do anything. For weeks I sat around and felt sorry for myself until I started to feel better again. After that there were a couple decent months.Then things took a turn for the worse. It started with a couple casual drinks here and there but soon turned into hundreds of dollars worth of booze, drinking alone every night. Didn't take long to start smoking again once I was getting trashed every night. Unfortunately, it didn't seem to help with my depression. Things just got worse and worse over the next month or two... I was smoking two packs a day, getting drunk and high every night and on top of that I started chewing as well (mostly because half the time I was way to lazy to get my ass off the couch and have a smoke). 

To be honest, I'm pretty ashamed of myself. I'm literally lying to everyone I know and love on a daily basis. Thankfully, I'm finally starting to come out of the whole thing. I'm feeling much better, as far as the depression goes and I've cut down on the smoking and drinking a lot. I'm still smoking weed most nights to get to sleep but I'll address that when it becomes an issue. I've got bigger things on my plate right now. 

I really needed to get this off my chest. And I really need some support, it's just so horrible not being able to talk about it. I'm ready to quit smoking again and start living my life.

Thanks for reading.

