My vape experience so far and a compliment I haven't heard in 7 years.

So a couple of weeks ago a coworker shared with me his success story of quitting cigarettes with a vape after I told him how fed up I was with the habit. The next day I went to a local vape shop, told the guy I wanted to quit and how much I smoked and the guy hooked me up with a pretty good setup for the amount of money I would spend on cigarettes in two weeks plus a bottle of tobacco flavored juice with appropriate nicotine concentration.

At first I didn't touch it. I would eyeball it and think about how much money I just wasted. I would have anxiety about the mental torment I would face from not having a cigarette. I thought about the cheap e-cig I bought several years ago and how it did me no good. I was so disappointed in myself that I started just hitting the vape every time I would get a craving, thinking to myself that I spent so much money on it I am going to deprive myself of cigarettes and use this as punishment. That day I smoked 6 cigarettes instead of 25-30, and it wasn't even that difficult.

The next day I found myself reaching for my vape because I wanted to vape and not smoke. I smoked one cigarette that day and the next, just out of habit. So in three days I smoked 8 cigarettes instead of 70-80, and it was easy because I was satisfied with the vape. I quit them after that, went and bought a second vape for backup and a variety of favored juice. I was feeling better, smell and taste were coming back and I was only going to the gas station for gas.

Today I was in public after being out and about all day and someone complimented my cologne. I actually smelled like my morning cologne and not an ash tray. No one has ever complimented my cologne since I started smoking and I wear it daily. I was and still am pretty stoked about that. Everything has a smell again, and mine isn't ash tray.

It's only been two weeks so I can't really talk about long term success here but for all of my brothers fighting this battle against cigarettes, I would recommend this. You can progressively buy lower nicotine content juice too which is what I plan to do until I stop the vaping. I've tried a lot of things, nothing has been this easy or successful.