Why I won't ever go back to smoking

Hi guys!
I'm a 25 yo singer from Italy and I quit smoking on August 18th, 19 days ago. I'm following this great app, Smoke Free, and the mission today is to think about all the things that have worked so far on my path and share them with a community of people who wants to quit or have quit. 

I've quit smoking on 2015 as well, and it worked for two years. I went back on this horrible habit until last month. I've been smoking around 20 cigarettes for 10 years, and I've been constructing my carrier as a singer ever since but this last couple of years have been the true first years of hard work, and I've had enough with cigarettes. To me, they have always been a way to feel confident with people, since I was very young, which is so stupid I can't even begin. 

I'm confident this time is for good, I have changed a lot and my point of view about all of this too. Thing is, I truly understood that feeling free is the first step towards been confident, not being addicted to something. My mind has got space for a lot of things now, first of all I feel proud of myself as I have never been. Exactly as when you have been in love with a bad person for tons of years, when you get to truly see them you can't go back, the spell is broken. That's how I feel. I can breath now without having pain in my chest, my singing has improved in just 18 days smoke free, I don't smell badly and my car neither.I don't feel completely relaxed but that's not related to this matter, but to other difficulties in my life (and I think that's important too, to develop the ability to analyze what's going on in your life and daily life and being able to say that cigarettes don't matter, the absence is not the cause of your stress but something else is).
I came up with this mantra that has worked so good for me: smoking is not the answer, smoking won't fix you. Yep, that's my problem. Deep down I've always thought that smoking would take away my pain, my mind, my thoughts, would keep me occupied in a difficult social situation, or would make me appear better that I thought of me. The only thing smoking was doing was to take away my pride, my time, my health .

So, for me that is what worked. To stop and truly think about all of this, while I was still smoking. For about three months each cigarette I smoked, I thought "what if I didn't smoke this one", or "what am I even doing". I just took away all the fake good I associated to each cigarettes, even to those "difficult" ones like after coffee or meals. That's so stupid guys, I'm telling you. I stayed off coffe for a week thinking I would crave for a cigarette after. Then I was like let's try. And I definitely didn't crave for it at all, cause my mind was already set up with all of these thoughts above. So, I think it's important to truly spend time thinking, finding out why we're smoking, why do we think it's important, and disintegrate each of those reasons one by one, with all the time we need to do so.

Good luck to everyone, keep loving yourself guys. Love this place in Reddit btw (and sorry for my messed up English, I need to go back to writing more)