My journey (Weed and Cigarettes)

In highschool i was never that guy that caved to peer pressure, i wasnt the most popular, but i also knew what i would and wouldnt do. Yeah i could go to a buddies house for parties on the weekends and get super wasted with my friends. But i was never really a chronic smoker of cigarettes or weed. Cigarettes were a never and Weed was occasional.

Last year during my first semester of college i not only drank too much for my own good, but i smoked both weed and cigarettes in total excess and for a solid 3 months i was nearly too baked or too addicted to cigarettes to go to class and i got a 2.3 gpa.. next semester didnt go much better and i ended up with a 1.6 gpa because i was recovering from quitting cigarettes and i was smoking more weed to help cover it up

By the time summer came i had quit Cigarettes but was still smoking weed alot. However bridging into this new year with college i tried to get everything back together and i tried to quit smoking marajuana multiple times. I finally quite over 2 months ago after alot of heartache shit with my roomate and problems with some other people as well i have now officially gone 1 year off of cigarettes, 2 months to the day off of smoking weed, and ive seen a notable improvement in the quality of my life. Im no longer always depressed, i have much better friends, i managed to convince one of my other roomates who smoked twice as much as me to quit as well and hes at a month and a half. 

After all the crazy ups and down my life took i just want to throw it out there to you guys that this is possible, whatever your smoking and whatever your trying to quit it can be done. and it may take awhile with alot of relapsing and alot of "oh shit" moments. Im here to tell you  that its okay to mess up but its not okay to say "all is forgiven" and then smoke a week later. This is a lifestyle change, its like changing your diet to lose weight, or going to the gym to increase your health. Life is hard and quitting will be the first step in making it so much easier. 

Keep it up guys i know you can do it, remember there are no shortcuts