Recently quit - drinking, vyvanse, supplements for quitting: any experience with any of these regarding cravings?

I actually have a few questions as a new quitter.. so basically I’ve been trying to quit for almost 6 months now and have only been smoking for a year all together, but the financial aspect as well as being tired of hiding it from my family (college student living with overprotective mom when I’m not in school) has led me to get serious about quitting. Every time I’ve relapsed before has been when I was drunk, so I’m gonna stop drinking for a few months and hope that I don’t have to give alcohol up forever haha. Does anyone have any success with learning how to drink and not impulsively smoke? Does the type of alcohol you drink affect whether or not you get the urge to smoke? 

As for vyvanse, has anyone found that it helps or hurts the cravings? I have recently diagnosed adhd and feel like I used the nicotine to help my attention before, but I can’t decide if the medication is helping my cravings or making them worse. It is helping my post-quitting appetite, however, so just curious what your perspectives are.

Also, has anyone been successful for using any natural supplants to curb cravings?  I recently found that eating orange slices has really helped me personally when I’m bored, but I still feel frustrated and tempted and would love any tips in that area. 

Last thing- I have GAD and definitely have a problem with getting panic attacks when I don’t see an end or conclusion to something, so I just need to know if these cravings will eventually stop or if I’ll always have to live my life always on guard and uncomfortable. I know that’s stupid to ask, but is being an addict (mentally) really forever? 

I’m a newbie here and Ik I haven’t smoked for that long so thank you for being patient if anything I said is confusing or uneducated.  I’d appreciate any advice you guys have, and I’m really excited to learn and be a part of this community!! Thanks for reading my (way too long) post!! 