Quitting cigarettes was the easiest part of this year

It just occurred to me that I just past the one year mark. (I stumbled and had 2-3 smokes about 2 months in, and had a single puff that grossed me out about a month later.)

This was a hard year. A 5 year relationship hit rock bottom and I finally left, despite the usual threats of suicide and desperation from my ex. I left with the clothes on my back, and still haven't gotten back 99% of my things.  I had no money, job, clothes, housing (except an old Ford Ranger that was falling apart). 

Thankfully I'm a vet and the VA really helped me a lot. For all it's flaws, it was vastly better than the NOTHING I would have gotten if I were a regular civilian. I spent a week in the psych ward and a few weeks couch surfing with friends until the VA got me a bed in a homeless shelter. I could tell you any number of stories- sad, hilarious, gross, uplifting- but that's not why I'm here.

I'm just here to say that despite everything, I stayed smoke free. Smoking is literally the main hobby of shelter residents. I walked through a cloud of smoke and a field of butts every time I went in or out. The old chronically homeless guys spent half their time talking about who owes who how many cigarettes, and when the shuttle van was going to the grocery so they could buy more.

In my relationship and then at the shelter, I had lost control over nearly every aspect of my life. Quitting cigarettes gave me control over something. I contemplated suicide multiple times, but not smoking. If I wanted a cigarette I instead gave myself some other stimulation- a snack, lifting weights, a run (easy way to become a runner is have your truck break down), gum. A few times I snuck a beer. I'd sooner get kicked out onto the street for drinking at the shelter than smoke. Sometimes you need something.

Somehow I wound up in the best shape of my life. I cooked 99 cent/lbs manager special pork cuts in a dirty toaster oven and ate slightly stale donated bread. I ran 5-15 miles most days, despite a summer of almost constant 95% humidity.  Sometimes I'd run too far without adequate nutrition and I'd waddle home on cramped legs.
I rummaged through donation bins for size 10.5 or 11 sneakers because I wore out my soles a few times.  It wasn't hard to run because I had a lifetime of fucked up shit chasing me, and if it caught me this time it would kill me for sure. 

I found a job about 5 miles away from the shelter. When my truck was running I'd drive, when it wasn't I'd walk. One of the interviews I had to walk when the heat index was like 115. "You don't have to be nervous," the helpful HR lady said, when she saw I had sweat through the interview clothes I had cobbled together at Marshall's for $20.  I laughed so hard in my head. If only you fucking knew my life. You think I'm nervous about an interview for this barely minimum wage job? No reason to be nervous when you have zero to lose.  I held that job down for a few months. They lied about the money, the hours, the responsibilities. Why not? They smelled the desperation on me and milked me for whatever they could get.  I got fired when I finally lost my shit with the boss.  I'm 33, college degree, army vet, had almost perfect SAT scores once upon a time, and you can't just let me clean the locker room in peace. Fuck you and everyone like you who makes this planet a shithole.

I'm off on a tangent. Things got better. I didn't smoke. I'm looking good, and every 2nd Thursday of the month I feel good for a few hours too. The moral of this story is a stupid old army saying that probably was invented by a lazy, sadistic Sergeant Major: "If you're going through hell, keep going!" Fuck that guy anyways though. Sergeants Major are fucking idiots. 

If your life is shit, it's probably gonna remain shit, but you don't have to smell like shit or get COPD or emphasema. We think smoking is going to kill us, and we're like, "GOOD, HURRY UP." Except if you work in healthcare, you learn that usually it just ruins your quality of life. You know how shitty it feels when your big brother drowns you in the pool a little too long, and you can't breathe? COPD is like low level that, all day long, incurable, forever, until complications kill you. Good luck getting any pussy/dick at the nursing home pushing around your oxygen tank. Even saggy old people know that's not a good look.