I feel fantastic! Some tips for those who need it.

Day 3, and whilst these days have felt really long - I've got to say this is the best I've ever felt. I don't feel like smoking at all. I feel like giving some tips to everyone who is struggling out there, so here goes.

1. The more you think to yourself 'This is hard.' or 'I don't think I can do this.' the higher your chances of falling prey to cigarettes will be. Be positive! You can do this.

2. Timing can help a lot. Deciding to quit when you're due for a busy week or to go on vacation can be a great idea. 

3. Think of all the money you spend on smoking. Take that money, and every day you don't smoke - put it into a pot or savings account. Watch it grow, and treat yourself to something you want later on.

4. Very few people want to smoke after brushing your teeth or using mouthwash. This could come in handy especially for people who have a habit of smoking as soon as they wake up or before sleep.

5. Coat your tastebuds with something! Consuming things like bananas, fruit smoothies, milk, yoghurt, and things that thoroughly coat your tongue and throat may put you off the thought of smoking at times.

6. If you're the type that likes/wants to exercise, stopping smoking will help your fitness. You won't be out of breath as much, and some people find if they do heavy exercise after smoking they feel nauseous or vomit. Which is something we can all do without!

7. Current or future significant others. No one likes to kiss an ashtray, much less be physically close to someone who smells like one. At least that awful stench will be gone when you stop smoking. 

8. Watch some of those cringe-worthy adverts on not-smoking. Sometimes it's truly nasty to see what could happen to you.

9. Danger to those around you. You may or may not be one of those people who cares much for what smoking does to those around you, but here's something to know, from the Wikipedia on passive smoking.

"Second-hand smoke causes many of the same diseases as direct smoking, including cardiovascular diseases, lung cancer, and respiratory diseases."

"The US Surgeon General, in his 2006 report, estimated that living or working in a place where smoking is permitted increases the non-smokers' risk of developing heart disease by 25–30% and lung cancer by 20–30%."