i haaaaate it!

So, I've smoked since I was 13- I'm now 23. About 10-15 per day, sometimes more, sometimes less... either way, WHY?!
I'm on day 12 now, which I feel amazingly good about. I've had pretty much no cravings weirdly (I've been 'quitting' on and off for the past 4 months but only ever managed 3-6 days then caved). I also read easyway but I don't think it was the book that did it honestly. I have a bit of health anxiety anyway so obviously smoking is really the worst thing for someone inclined that way. 

SO, here are some things I have experienced since quitting for people like me who are going: WHAT.THE.HELL. is my body doing?!
1. Dreadful dreadful dreaded chest pain! More just squeezing tightness in the middle, comes and goes but sends me into a right panic. My solution to this is just doing 20 deep breaths and remembering that essentially smoking a cigarette IS a breathing exercise in it's own way and my body has just stopped doing them suddenly, my lungs are pissed! So, try and take 5 mins every time you would have a smoke to just BREATHE... it's lovely and calming and just WOW! 
2. HEARTBURN/indigestion. I've never experienced this in my life so it was very weird to suddenly struggle with acid reflux and indigestion pretty much every lunch time. I have been told that this is pretty normal for quitting smoking...think about when you would smoke; if you're like me it would be after breakfast, after lunch, after dinner...pretty much after eating in general. SO, just imagine what you were doing to your digestive system? I'm trying to avoid caffeine, processed sugars and basically anything too heavy for the meantime. Till I've cleared this shit out of my system at least!
3. Not experiencing this anymore, but it did freak me out so I'll put it down: A lump in my throat. THE SIZE OF A GOLFBALL. Ok, so there was no ACTUAL lump but it REAAAAALLY felt like it. Like I couldn't swallow, just above my trachia. I suddenly realised one day that I was having this sensation whenever I felt a little itch for a smoke or at times I would normally be smoking...social situations, stressful situations, with my morning cup of tea...etc. It's gone now but if you get this same thing then I think genuinely it is anxiety/physiological reflex? Although I'm not a doctor of course.
4. Insomnia. Not this secretly-tired-but-want-to-watch-netflix insomnia that I usually get...but genuine lying-in-the-darkness-wide-awake kind. Horrible and exhausting but inevitable I think. Getting better. Just cut out caffeine and watch david attenborough docs...this is my solution.
5. Heaviness to your breath, sometimes feeling like I needed to force myself to breathe...psychosomatic again I think. Take a hot shower and clear out the shit in your chest.

Anyway, thats some of the stuff I've experienced. I hope yours isn't too bad.
I started going running on day 4 and have been on a 10 minute jog every other day. Initially horrible but I can feel my breathlessness getting better and better every time. I would recommend starting to do something that smoking prevented you from doing and watching your progress. 

I am happy to be a non-smoker now, the smell, the thought of the taste, everything about it genuinely repulses me.
GOOD LUCK ON YOUR VOYAGE!

