I am addicted to the ritual.

I am realizing that I am addicted to the ritual more than the actual cigarettes themselves. 

I started smoking regularly a few years ago, when I moved in to my current apartment and my best friend at the time lived here too. She smoked. She would often ask me if I wanted to join her to smoke on the porch. At first I would do it once in a while, or only when I was drinking too. Then I started to do it more and more. It mostly made me feel good to bond with her. I really loved the times when it was just me, my roommate and our other friend hanging out on our porch, drinking, listening to music, talking about everything, and smoking cigarettes. When my friend moved out of the apartment after one year, I started smoking on my own on the porch. It sort of gave me that happy feeling I had when my friends were with me. So I became addicted to the ritual. 

At one point I was smoking a pack within 3-4 days. Once in a while I would go through a pack in a day. This was around one year ago. But then at some point the joy of smoking died down. Currently I will have 1-3 a day, but I will only smoke on my porch. When I'm with family, friends, my boyfriend, I do not feel the urge to smoke. When I'm at work I don't think about smoking. When I'm visiting my parents for days at a time I don't think about cigarettes at all. 

I don't even really like the smoke anymore. Today I noticed I really hate how the smoke smells that comes from the cigarette and gets my face, I will try to avoid it blowing at me. So why am I doing this to myself if I don't even actually like it???????? When I run out of a pack I can go like a day or two without them and then I will go buy more because I just want to have those moments of sitting on my porch, smoking, reading or doing something on my phone. Ugh it sounds so pathetic. No one knows about my smoking habits except for my current roommate. 

I am curious if anyone else here has this type of experience with cigarettes, and how you overcame/are overcoming this? Thank you!!