I have just lost my job, I am having my first beer in 7 months and I haven't smoked in 9 months.

TL;DR version: bring it on, show me a healthy perspective of why I shouldn't be smoking this one cigarette I have in my guitar, 'cause it sure fucking feels like it's pointless to try not to. I set a timer for 30 minutes from now, when I will go and have a cigarette.

I've stopped smoking just the day before I started this job. I have been working 9 months and have been told I have had a rarely met performance progress, and it is due to my dedication, willful overtime work and even weekend learning time. 

However, even so, it still feels pointless, life, dedication to a job, to whatever, I mean, for what really? I still haven't managed to save money, still on month-to-month living, all to see it be thrown out in a matter of an incident, on Monday I should not be showing up for work but to sign the termination of my contract, incident for which I am quite doubtful I am going to get a good/great referral living up to my overall performance for I feel as the 98% of time trying and 75% of time actually delivering great results. 

My relationship with my team lead has deteriorated awfully from getting along greatly, to passive-aggressiveness, to aggressiveness in just a matter of 2-3 weeks, until today when I have walked out on my team lead cause I woudn't want to even hear what my team lead has to say, 'cause I thought it was bullshit, a pseudo-professional patronizing shit talk of reasons on a stupid argument and pseudo-wisdom. 

I am at my second beer by the time I finished writing this, I haven't drank in 7 months until now because I thought I'd fucking see through my ambition of 1 year without alcohol, cigarettes and a full year of gym. I have stopped going to the gym since about three weeks ago because of work related stress, more and more so, since I couldn't mentally break away from it even in my spare time any longer, for the last 1 month and 2 weeks or so. It's this fucking need to ask more, and more, and more, AND MORE, from dedicated employees. Yea, cause why not fucking abuse the employees that want to dedicate and prove they're good, to the point of mentally breaking them and consuming their mental health, as if I have not my frailties anyway? And I myself I thought I am stronger, that I can fucking take it as a man, that I can prove what a man I am.

And now, the funny part, is that as a guitarist and as a joke, I have this thing that people (symbolically, meaning little) put money it in my guitar's body if they wanna hear a song. But one guy put a cigarette in my guitar a couple months ago, so I have this cigarette. And I really fucking wanna smoke it and I think I will. 

But I know this community used to save me in these moments, and I think I might be needing some words of clarity, see what you got, as needy as this sounds. In 30 minutes I think I will smoke it. Uh... yeah... sorry for going full on sincere about how shitty I feel about not seeing bigger returns from my dedication, both in my personal ambitions and job.