Help! Got a huge crave right now

So, it's being a 55 days since my last demon-cancer-cylinder and I have manage my cravings quite well ever since. BUT right now i'm really pissed about something that happen in my Uni: some bitch took my place as a lab assistance which I was really looking forward to and which I deserve because of some stupid bureaucracy that I'm going to fight tomorrow morning and yet I know that it's already written in stone and there's pretty much nothing I could do about it which fucks my whole plan for this year ... and of course, there was some money incentive on that position that I REALLY could use.

Anyway, I took a walk to clear my head and all I could think about was smoking... I got to a store and bought one cig (here in Colombia you can actually buy just one cig... talk about legislating that shit) and I'm debating if it's worth it... 

I should add: when I got as mad as now, tobacco would calm my nerves and straighten my thoughts - or at least that's what I think it did.

SO, should I throw those 55 days away just because what happen to me? 

I'm really asking because I don't see how i'm going to sleep tonight and that damn cigarette is teasing my will. 

I thought I would calm down once I started writing this but then I remember what happened and I get work up again.

Thanks for reading my rant and I could really use some advice now.

(sorry if there's any grammar mistakes. English is not my native language)

UPDATE: ... I went on and smoked the damn thing... 

Almost choke on the first puff and thought of throwing it away, but I kept smoking... felt a buzz on my shoulders ( I guess it was the nicotine kicking in), my mouth got really dry and my throat felt horrible... when I was through with it I smelled my hand and it smelled really bad.. I went to the bathroom, washed my hands repeatedly,  took a big gulp of mouthwash and started gargling, then I brushed my teeth and suddenly it hit me: the reason why I stopped in the first place... 

Today is my deceased uncle's birthday ... he was a heavy smoker since he was 15 and he died last year because of cigarettes (the arteries on his legs got obstructed with all the shit that is inside of the cigarettes).

Now I'm sitting here, feeling like an idiot and asking myself if it was all a weird joke by him.. he got a peculiar sense of humour, and although i'm not an after-life kind of guy I don't throw away the possibility since he had some deep thoughts on the subject (being a sort of atheist and all, he always puzzled me with funny remarks about the after-life, heaven and shit).

My hand smells like shit and I can't get rid of the stench on my clothes and skin BUT that cigarette really put thinks into perspective for me: NOW I know why I quit, NOW I know it's not worth it even if worst things happen to me and not some stupid thing like the whole lab-drama.

My willpower is restored and I can say F-U-C-K SMOKING.

UPDATE número 2: Reset my badge and app, it's day one for me now but I’m confident, I'm calm and even getting sleepy! Tomorrow will be a new day and I will be glad that my lunges are smoke-free. 