allright... i'm done with this.

UPDATE: i've now quit, and from this point on, am a non-smoker. thank you to all who responded (both critiques and commendations)!

i'll periodically keep this thread updated on how it goes, and maybe start some posts down the line to keep the quit going. good luck to all!

----------------------------------------------------------------------------------

i still have a half-dozen cigarettes left of a dunhill carton i picked up duty-free a few weeks ago. once i run out of these - sometime today or tomorrow - i'm done.

no more buying cigarettes at gas stations (or anywhere else), no more smoking. it ends here, period.

i've been smoking for over 25years, on average at least 15-20 cigarettes a day. started with one puff every few days when i was 16, and went up to more than 20 a day at the peak of my youth. right now, i'm at around 8 or 10 a day, and have had more than enough.

i did try to quit - seriously, too - a grand total of 3 times. the longest i've gone was 3 days. this, in both sickness and health. no more half-assed attempts, this time it's a done deal. no more tobacco.

i'm tired of needing to step out every couple hours from work or whatever i'm doing at home, tired of smelling like a dead ashtray, tired of not being able to hug my daughter for fear of the smell, tired of not letting my son stand too close to me for fear of making him like the smell, tired of bringing in 3rd-hand smoke into any car i sit in, tired of making excuses for myself.

i've never smoked inside my house; it's always been outdoors. i used to smoke in my cars, but not in the last couple vehicles we've had. nobody likes the smell of stale smoke hanging over the headboard, nobody likes this...

...addiction. that's what it is. i chose to smoke my first few cigarettes, but after those, i didn't have the power to not choose. and that's a big blow to my ego.

we have our 15th wedding anniversary tomorrow, and this is a gift to myself. i don't know what i'm planning to get my wife, but i certainly know what i want. and this is it.

i realize this is a major lifestyle change, but it's nothing that some good old determination can't accomplish. i can do this.

i've been trolling /r/smoking for the past several days, and have read carr's book several times over the past few years. not because i didn't understand it, but because it was fascinating to read - the utter despondence the book portrays is very interesting to read, and is depressing when you figure out what it all means. that i'm an addict, and will stay one unless i determine my own quit.

but this will all be a thing of the past, starting as soon as the plan begins. before anybody asks, i'm waiting to finish the remaining smokes simply because i've conditioned myself that this is the plan. i don't like to waste stuff, so don't want to throw away what i have and then scrounge around for something else, simply because i've discarded the stuff instead of using it.

i've conditioned myself to accept that there's no more tobacco in my life, and it's going to stay that way.

anyway, this here is my plan, and my post. wish me luck, strangers!

tl;dr: another quitter's story.