relapsing was bittersweet

I quit smoking about three months ago. Recently I went on a camping trip with 6 of my friends who are heavy smokers. From the second I pulled up to the campsite I started having cravings because I saw 6 cigarettes going at once and the stench of it was overpowering. I gave in and bought a pack of pall mall reds. From the first drag I realized that all the things I would convince myself of when I was addicted were untrue. I told myself it would taste really good to just have a drag. When you're not smoking every day, that cigarette tastes damn nasty and stale. I told myself it would relax me and relieve my cravings. It didn't relieve me, it just made me feel like shit about myself and made me anxious that I was fucking my life up again. I told myself that I would love to have just one and go back to non-smoking but even though I didn't enjoy that cigarette one bit I still craved one again in a few hours. I ended up going through about half the pack before I threw it away and went through hell again for 5 days. But now I'm back on the tracks and I'm feeling even better then I did before I relapsed. I didn't quit for myself, I quit to stop torturing my girlfriend (who kept trying to quit and relapsing because I would smoke around her). Because I quit when I didn't REALLY want to I was really wishy-washy about it. I never gave in but I would constantly fetishize smoking and bitch and moan about how bad I wanted one. 3 months of not smoking really helped me put smoking into perspective when I smoked again, and now I'm really quitting because I want to. Now I feel like I'm really doing it. It's been a couple weeks since the camping trip and now I'm so grateful not to have to be a slave to those, instead of missing when I could "enjoy" them. 

Please don't relapse like I did guys, chances are most people who quit don't quit for the wrong reason like I did. I would have relapsed way before if I didn't have the best girlfriend in the world. And if you quit for the right reasons, relapsing is definitely not going to help you. Just sharing my story.



EDIT: I'm not resetting my flair because I never really regained the habit and I think of my quitting as turning around my lifestyle, not just how many days it has been since I physically smoked a cigarette.