I just learned of this subreddit today and i instantly subscribed!

So i found this subreddit randomly and I instantly subscribed. I hope I could find good advice to help me stop smoking completely. And someday to help others on the same boat!


So just to give a sort of background...

I'm a female in my 20s i was a former chainsmoker (lol sorry idk if this is the proper term). I say former because I used to smoke one pack or almost two packs per day. Right now I still smoke but I can control it better. I smoke one or two sticks per day now.

And I got into smoking because I had a lot of problems when I was a child. I used to cut and when I grew up I learned to do vices such as drinking or smoking (Never did drugs tho) and ironically drinking and smoking helped me quit cutting. (Yea i know i just changed one bad coping mechanism for another) 
I was really suicidal back then so I was thinking that smoking/drinking/fucking up my health in general was like committing suicide and no one would get mad at me for it compared to when I cut.

Another thing is I was a sickly child back then. My childhood had a lot of days spent at hospitals. With that said after burning holes in my lungs for almost two years (i had a lot of stuff going back then major depression, anxiety and other mental health stuff) I was brought back to the hospital since I got really sick and breathing was like a pain. 

Fast forward right after all that I stopped for a good 3 months. I got into therapy for my depression and I was trying to just get my life back on track but then one shit hits the fan and I lit up one stick after months of not smoking. 

Idk how to explain this but i barfed about halfway. The next day I tried to smoke it was pretty normal. And ever since then I continued on smoking. I feel the pain in my chest area sometimes and I know it's affecting my health and I have to do something about it but I just can't quit. I love the feeling of calmness that I get when i smoke and i'd rather sacrifice breathing normally (lol) than sacrifice that comfort from smoking.

So idk guys can you give me advice on what to do... i'm sick of myself being so dependent but i don't know what else to do...