Weird way I unintentionally quit smoking cold turkey (even though I knew I wanted to quit)!

TL/DR. The keto diet made cigarettes just nasty to me. I quit cold turkey with no problems and minimal cravings. 

Ok. I’m not saying this is some magical cure for all, but it certainly was magical for me. Background: 3 years, 1/2 pack per day smoker (sometimes more). I wanted to quit. I was a closet smoker and I hated it yet loved it at the same time. Every time I tried, I couldn’t. Fast forward to 10 days ago. I started the keto diet to lose 15 pounds that I gained  over the last few months. There is a Keto sub on Reddit if you want more info (actually many keto subs). Basically I cut carbs down to less than 20 per day, 100 grams of fat, and 88 grams of protein with 1385 calorie limit. Basically high fat, low carb diet but with calorie restriction. Anyway, I had an intention of quitting, but wanted to lose weight first. After the first two days I started noticing the cigarettes were tasting odd and I didn’t really feel the need to smoke as often. The next day they were disgusting. Like gross. I also had tons of energy and just a general good feeling that I’m pretty sure was due to going into ketosis. One side effect of the keto diet is that it makes for a different taste in your mouth (for me anyway, but I’ve heard several others say the same). Keto breath is a real thing. So, anyway. I’m now a week smoke free, down 8 pounds, and sober for almost 3 weeks (oh yeah, I also have alcohol issues which was one reason I didn’t actually TRY to quit smoking at the same time as quitting alcohol and losing weight).

Anyway, I’m not being paid by anyone to claim Keto cures all ills. This is just my personal experience. I know keto is sometimes controversial and not for everyone. I just wanted to share my success. I do strongly recommend that you do research before trying. Some of you may also have medical conditions, so talk to your doctor. I’m not shamelessly promoting my diet, but I can’t think of any other reason I just suddenly quit with so much ease and so few cravings. I posted about this on the keto sub and someone said the diet may be acting like Chantix and changing my brain chemistry which is why they taste so awful on this diet. Again, I don’t know why, but it worked for me, and I firmly think I won’t go back to smoking. 

Thanks for reading. 