How do I quit like I never smoked before?

It will be a long post so hold on and sorry in advance for any grammatical mistakes.

I'm 22 years old and will be 23 in September.
I've always been a fun guy who goes out, have a small circle of friend and just enjoys life for what it is.
I first drank in 2014 while I was doing my graduation, never touched anything before that. After a couple of weeks, I tried weed with one of my close friends who I don't talk to anymore. After that I smoked weed for a year and a half. I smoked weed like crazy, between classes, before going to gym, I mean whenever I could get a chance to smoke. I never thought I would stop smoking weed because I liked it so much. But after a year of smoking weed, it turned from best to worst. I could not enjoy weed anymore. I would get too self conscious or would get trapped in thought loops. I was not able to enjoy it anymore, no matter who I was smoking it with. I could not believe that I was not able to enjoy weed. I tried hard, it was like telling myself, "bro, you like this thing, you love it. This is what you look forward to when you want to enjoy." After multiple tries I stopped smoking weed. I never touched it again. It's not like I stop myself from smoking it, I just don't like it anymore, not even the smell of it. Many of my friends still smoke weed but I just don't. Even my gf sometimes smokes it when she is with me (my gf smokes weed rarely) but I don't crave it, not even a bit. It's like I never smoked weed before. The funny part is when she wants to smoke weed with her friends, she comes to me to roll the joints for her because she can't. I happily role it for her and her friends. After quitting weed, I started drinking, occasionally. Few weeks went by like this. I forgot to tell you I never smoked a single cig while all this was happening. I hated cigarettes and their smell. I would always ask my friend, why would you smoke that thing if you don't get any effects like you get on weed or with alcohol. Atleast you could enjoy weed and alcohol but what you get from smoking cigarettes? I smoked weed like crazy and drank whenever I did like crazy but never touched cigarettes. Now this is where my cigarettes started. I was at my friends place to study for my college exams. He was smoking cig while we took a break from studying, he offered me one. I said no, he was like try it once, you'll feel relaxed. I don't remember actually why I tried it in the first place. So this was my first cigarette. These were not the normal cigarettes but the cigarettes with nice smell and taste of something I don't actually remember of what. So after that whenever I would go to his place I would smoke one and this went on for few weeks. After that I started smoking the real deal, the actual cigarettes, the marlboro ones. I thought of those smell good cigarettes as some girly shit. I never smoked them after that.   I've been smoking cigarettes since 2016. I never smoked like crazy. Today also, I smoke like 5-7 cigs a day, that's it. If I am drinking I can smoke 10-12 cig. I was a fitness freak. No matter how much weed I smoke, I would always go to gym and follow a proper diet. I had a reputation in my gym of being a loyal gym goer. I would never skip my gym. People in the gym respected me and almost everyone in the gym knew me. I was skinny guy since childhood. I'm an ectomorph. I made a huge transformation so people would often ask me for advice and help. I like to read a lot and like to learn stuff so I was a badass at what I did. And now I don't go to gym anymore, it's been more than a year now that I've not been to gym. If you see my now, you wouldn't believe that I ever went to gym. Gym was my life. I've tried quitting many times. One time I went 14 days and in the latest quit I went 20 days and I went to gym also in those 20 days. The very first day in the gym , I was thinking why did I even left this beautiful place. I am fed up of cigarettes controlling me and my life. I want to be free, once and for all. I want be a non-smoker. Please, please, please help me out my friends.