I wish I never started.

I'm 18 years old. I've been smoking on and off since I was about 14, but more on than off.

It's now my senior year and graduation is right around the corner, so naturally I have a lot on my mind. Where will I go to college? What will I major in? How will I afford it? Is it even worth it? I slack off a lot right now, and my grades aren't the best, but that's probably from the anxiety, depression, gender dysphoria, and over exertion - I work two part-time jobs. I don't need to, but I feel like I do. I want to fund my future. I have about $9000 to my name, not bad for a teenager. Not bad at all.

I have a lot of plans. With some of my money I bought a ticket to a Beyonce concert, right by the stage. I'll be closer to the Queen that most people could dream of. With some of that money I'm going to backpack in Europe over the summer, a little graduation gift to myself. And the rest of it? That's going to help with college. So most days I'm sleep deprived, and most days I wish I could just quit it all, but I know that this temporary suffering will bring me happiness in the near future.

I just need to hold out. I need to quell the negative thoughts. I don't have to worry about where I'm going to school because I have several great opportunities, and whichever one I choose will be lead to a bright future. I don't need to worry about my major right now because there's still plenty of time to decide. I don't need to worry about the finances of college because I know my parents are going to help me significantly. I might have a little debt, but nothing that I can't handle. I'm good with handling money. I don't need to worry whether it's worth it or not because I've seen where education can take people, and I know it can take me there too. I don't need to worry about slacking off, because I won't be working all the time in college. I can take a break from the endless hustle and bustle and focus on my studies. I can obtain the mental stimulation, but feel far too exhausted to deal with right now.

But how can I enjoy all the future holds for me when the cigarettes are killing me. I can feel it everyday. There's something not quite right. I feel a little more out of breath. I feel a constant little phlegm, barely detectable, but there nonetheless. I'm only 18. I just became an adult less than 6 months ago. This shouldn't be happening yet. It takes years upon years of damage, right? Is this early COPD? Is it the step before lung cancer? Is this the knock at death's door? I don't know, and frankly I don't want to find out.

It's not death itself that scares me. We start dying the day we are born. Hell, we should all be used to it. What scares me is life, a life where I can audibly hear myself breathing, in and out. I don't like the sound. I hate hearing people breathe. There's something disgusting about it. I don't care if we have to breathe, I want silence unless I'm running, jumping, jogging or anything of the like. What scares me is a life where I have to take the elevator instead of the stairs. Fuck elevators. I hate standing next to people in elevators. Plus it seems like there's no more elevator music anymore. Every elevator I get in is dead silent. What gives? Where did the smooth jazz go? What scares me isn't the big things. It isn't laying in a hospital bed breathing through a tube. I can't fathom that. It doesn't compute. What scares me are the little things because they'll add up to something so much worse than their sum.

Does this even make sense anymore? I've been up for 20 hours. Work, school, then more work. I smoked on my way to work. I smoked on my break. Twice. I smoked on my way home. I smoked on my way to school. I smoked on my way home from school. I threw out the last cigarette in my pack. I couldn't cope. I stole a pack form work. I didn't wanna let myself buy those little devils, but I still had to have them. I smoked one on the way home again. I smoked one on my deck while listening to music. I love to go outside at night, smoke, listen to music, and dance. Strange... one of those things doesn't fit in with the rest. I freaking love to dance. If I hear a song that I can groove to, I just can't help it. How the hell do I do it while smoking? Sometimes I just wish I would have a heart attack right there. It just doesn't add up. How can I physically exert myself in an aerobic intensive activity and smoke at the same time. Who the hell knows? And who knows how much more fun I could have dancing if I didn't have to rest as much? I will, because I'm stopping.

No, I'm not stopping. I'm starting. I'm starting to live healthier. I chafe. My underarms chafe. I'm slim, but I've been gradually gaining weight. I used to fluctuate around 135 pounds, and now I'm around 140. Maybe I just grew a little. I'm only 18. I could still be growing, but what if I'm not? What if it's the half pack a day, sedentary, McDonald's, and soda lifestyle I live. What if that's why I'm gaining weight, and that has led to chafing. I noticed it's especially bad with deodorant. Maybe it's just chemical irritation, and then I just think it's chafing because it gets all dry? What if these symptoms from smoking are just constant lung irritation that will subside if I quit? It's scary when you realize that you're damaging your body. You wonder how you would have lived if you hadn't damaged it in the first place. You wonder how your life will be like if you can change your ways.

It's so hard. Everything is so hard, and then I run to cigarettes because I feel like they relieve the stress, but they only cause more of it. With every drag there's guilt. With every drag I wonder if this breath is going to be my last? I don't want these little shits to kill me. If something's got to kill me, then it damn well better be something worth dying for, and these little white sticks aren't. 

Sorry. This probably makes me sound madder than a hatter, but I just had to let it all out. I want to cry so much right now. I don't care if I work to hard because tomorrow I have the day off. It'll be okay. I don't care if my grades aren't the best because they're passing, not great, but decent. It'll be okay. I don't care if I have this battle between my mind and my body because I have a counselor helping me to realize the person I am. It'll be okay. In this moment, right now, in front of the glow of my laptop, I care a lot about my body, because how can I work towards improving these other aspects of my life if my lungs don't exchange air, if my heart doesn't pump blood? I can't, and damn, if that isn't scary, then I don't know what is.

Please, please, let this be it. It's 1:50 AM on 4/5/2016 and I don't want to smoke anymore.

tl;dr - I feel so guilty about smoking. I'm afraid of the damage I may have done. I'm worried about how it's affecting my life. I just want to stop. 