So angry...day 7.

So, I posted here around 3 weeks ago when I'd impulsively broken all my cigarettes in half and decided to quit cold turkey in the middle of the day.

Unsurprisingly, I relapsed when I left work that day. I was wound up and stressed, and I bought a pack on my way home.

The following week, I went to my doctor and got the nicotine patch. I started it the following day, and ended up relapsing less than 48 hours later, because I couldn't stop sobbing, and obviously, a cigarette would make that better, right? Wrong. All it did was make me hate myself again. 

I called my doctor and told him that I wanted to try wellbutrin. I smoked for the first 4 days I was on it. Last Sunday, I decided that I just wouldn't buy another pack of cigarettes, and that I would see how I did. The first few days weren't that bad, but the wellbutrin had some side effects. I could barely sleep or eat, and I felt like that was stressing me even more than the lack of cigarettes was. I stopped taking it. I don't know if it was a placebo affect or what, but I'm seething with rage. It always goes away, but it sucks for me to have to feel this way to begin with. 

Here I am, 7 days later, and I still haven't touched a cigarette. However, perhaps the most difficult part of quitting has been that my significant other still smokes. He says he wants to quit, but as far as I can tell, he has no intention of stopping. He always makes excuses, and I understand, because I did that too.

I'm lashing out at him, because he is around me more than anyone, and also, because I'm resentful of the fact that he still smokes. He's been considerate enough to not smoke around me and to use mouthwash after he does, at least, but it's pissing me off SO MUCH. The funniest part is that HE was talking about quitting before I even considered it an option!!

We're going to a music festival this weekend, and I'm sure it will take a lot out of me to have to watch him smoke, and to be surrounded by people who are smoking. The rational side of my brain knows that I am not losing anything, and that I should feel bad for smokers, but the cigarette addicted part of my brain is still jealous that I can't have one. There have been several times over these past few days where I've been on the verge of buying a pack, and I still haven't. I must be pretty determined. I'm trying to stay strong for my significant other, too, because I feel like if I give in, I'm setting a bad example. I want to show him that there is a life after smoking. And how am I supposed to do that if I can't even show myself?

Honestly, I'm surprised that I've even made it 7 days. This is the longest I've gone since I started smoking. I should be proud of that.

I needed to vent, I suppose. But as always, advice to keep me from ripping my hair out or attacking people is much appreciated. Thanks for reading, friends!
