A Veteran Quitter On A Final Quit

So I'm writing this as one of my first steps to a quit. I started smoking about five years ago, and have had quite an exciting time with this drug since then. Of those five years, I spent 2 as a smoker. I made my first 'quit' a year and a half in, and that attempt was hell (nausea, anxiety, and the rest the gang that we quitters have come to befriend over the years). Since that 'quit' I had several week-long relapses with the worst being 2 and 1 month (for a total of 6 months worth of relapses). I have come to know the process of 'quitting' as well as my morning routine; eerily, most of my 'quits' were actually very uneventful, and I was able to transition with little to no problem.

Today, I hope to quit for the first time. My last relapse was about a month ago after a series of situations in my personal life. I went back to the cigarette as though I never stopped; my first thought at the onset of these events was 'well, I'll stop by later and grab a pack... I mean, I need it to deal with this after all.' And I did grab that pack... 8 hours after that thought (because clearly the things we 'need' can wait 8 hours :D). After smoking for a week I even convinced myself I wouldn't try quitting anymore, that this was the best for me. Three weeks later, a plentiful cough in tow, I realized "ahh shit, guess things are ok again, time to quit..."

I made it a week, but this week, unlike the rest, I was reading this subreddit. Amid all the soccer-momish "OMG not smoking is so awesome" and sickening acts of encouragement and comradery (:P JK, love you all), I was seeded with a thought that maybe quitting isn't just to avoid cancer, but to actually lead a better life. I took to observing ways that this week was better and, lo and behold, 'I haven't increased my chance of cancer' was actually just one of the many reasons quitting was good.

Skip to this morning. Scumbag brain comes up with a new tactic (I was actually impressed, thought it ran out of tricks...): "Smoking really sucked... let's remind ourselves of how much so we never smoke again!" Twenty minutes later, my old 'friend' between my lips, my brain did a facepalm as it's deviously clever plan crumbled at the feet of reality which was that it actually did suck, and all those things that I loved about this past week were quickly fading, leaving to replace them... nothing.

I think I realize now that I never really did quit. I stopped smoking, but I always knew (and admitted freely) that I would light up again when I visit home, or have grand or even sad occasion. The only reason I even stopped wasn't because I ever had enough of smoking, but rather always because it was a calculated 'yeah, this is bad for me and even though I love it and think it's the bees knees I have to make a pause.' Things seem different now, and that excites me. I'm actually tired of cigarettes. I'm tired of being so familiar with withdrawal. I'm tired of telling my friends 'Yeah, going to need my space, quitting again...' I'm tired of undoing all of my time at the gym by slipping into the warm, smokey embrace of complacency, gaining pounds of fat and developing a level of fitness that would be rivaled only by a turnip. I'm tired of the cycles; I'm tired of being an addict.

This post is my first step in embracing this new attitude that smoking actually sucks. I never before commit to quitting, nor admitted that I didn't like cigarettes, because I knew I would be back and I didn't want people to think of me as 'weak.' But, now, I'm badging up and hopefully owning my addiction. This isn't a 'small habit' I can pick up and drop; this is a habit that makes my life worse and is detrimental to my well-being in every way, not just cancer. When I forget this, I hope this post will remind me.