I shared this in another reply to a reddit. Would like your thoughts on it.

Well I’ll share something with you that helped me. Im a tech guy and always like to do things with a process (a program that I share with friends as of now when they know they want to quit, I call it the breathe free program :) ) this is this is as short as I could make it for the post. This was only a conversation I have with friends. I finally wrote down what was in my head :)

You can continue to smoke as you follow the process below. 

Step 0: relax you can do this :)

Step 1. Understand your addiction. Like /u/esolu and /u/owllady mentioned Allen Carr's book is a good start. One of the reason many suggest "the EASY WAY" is because it talks about common reasoning amongst smokers. Please research more try to understand why you feel better (is it real or is our mind trying to rationalize a bad habit there by making it real to us).
Carry a small journal with you and for every cigarette you smoke right down 1. Why you smoked (the reason) 2. What you did after you smoked (this is important I’ll tell you why in a bit) Do this for about 2 weeks.

Step 2. Find your Motivation.
Willpower at most will make you quit but not help you stay quit. Find “reason why” and it should be something you find more valuable. It shouldn't be something like "I think it’s the right thing to do, cuz it’s not healthy" a better reason would be “I hate getting embarrassed in public”, “It makes me feel lesser as a person”, something you can associate a feeling to. Write these down in that same journal

Step 3. Prepare to quit and eliminate doubt and fear of what is to come.
We are going to go through a phase of cognitive re-framing. For the most part the reason’s you smoke which you wrote down in your journal, are the triggers. You might not be able to discover all of them in 2 weeks but it would be the majority of triggers. Now prepare what you are going to do when those triggers hit. Please don’t find substitutes because it would only make you associate pleasure with a cigarette (we are trying to re-frame this) so no substitutes, your processes of dealing with it should be head-on not aversion. For example, I asked you to write down what you did right after you smoked. One way you can deal with a withdrawal symptom would be to, acknowledge the” withdraw”, remind yourself that you are not a smoker, and that you are feeling just fine and you can deal with this no such thing as just one cigarettes (you know how it gets you back in the loop, it’s not a solution to your issues it’s just going to create more new problems, that doesn't just affect you). Then do what you would have done right after had you smoked.
Remember you’re doing this as you continue to be a smoker (so there is nothing to be afraid of) your just creating an action plan. Rehears your action plan over and over with different scenarios and this will help build some confidence that you will successfully quit. As you get ready to quit and as you build confidence. Picture yourself as a non-smoker dealing with all the pangs with ease, the sense of achievement and what it feels like to overcome something most people find impossible. Let these feelings really sink in.

Step 4: Redeem yourself (go cold turkey) pat yourself on the shoulder the hardest part is done.

Step 5: re-learn life as a non-smoker (this is important) you’re not the same person you were before. Any thought that says cigarettes give pleasure should be reworked. Do this one step at a time.
Things get easier as it passes. And you will get hit with triggers that you didn't know existed, that is when you have remain calm and deal with it. Acknowledge the” withdraw”, remind yourself that you are not a smoker, and that you are feeling just fine and you can deal with this no such thing as just one cigarettes (you know how it gets you back in the loop, it’s not a solution to your issues it’s just going to create more problems, that doesn’t just affect you it can affect others too) Don’t feel sad because that’s just going to get you agitated if you don’t get your “fix”. Anger is not a withdrawal pang it’s something we create for ourselves. If we chose to feel deprived, it’s going to aggravate us. If we chose to remain calm, we can deal with it better. It’s easier and simpler to deal with things when we are calm. No need to feel deprived, it’s not the end of the world and even if it is smoking isn’t going change that little fact :) nor going to make that end feel any better. Remember happiness, sadness, anger any feeling is something we chose to feel it’s not created by something or someone. It’s just a frame of mind :) this doesn't apply to stoping smoking alone, I reminded myself of this after a very bad break up of mine. You can use this to deal with stress a number of things, remain calm and deal with it. And the feeling of control and power that accompanies this is priceless :) (I'm a founder and co-founder of two start-ups at the moment this one thing really makes my co-founders feel super jealous and I love it)
It’s all about reinforcing the new thoughts in your mind (negative self-talk is our biggest enemy in the quit, the sucker that says you want that cigarette) so it’s very important to monitor yourself self-talk consciously and change the limiting ones as you remain calm through the whole process, there is nothing to be afraid of you can do this :)
Hope this helps :) wasn't that hard now was it :) There are only good things ahead my friend you can do this.

Keep coming back to this sub for support. Lots of helpful folks that really help a lot
