20 days in; have some questions about how much depression is normal

Hi,

I am 27.  I had my first cigarette at 12 and became a daily smoker at 15.  I have quit twice, for about a year each time, in my early 20s, but always picked it back up (because I eventually got drunk.  I was never much of a drinker, but now I never drink anything alcoholic).

For years I smoked more than a pack a day.  I was a HEAVY smoker for about a decade.  In the past few years, I have smoked much less.  I had almost quit entirely in early 2013 (a cig every few days) when my best friend passed away unexpectedly. I was extremely distraught and immediately resumed smoking half a pack a day.

In the past couple of years I have made some serious changes to my life.  I have gone vegan and started running several miles a day.  This is partly to counteract my brain chemistry, as I have a history of bipolar-esque fluctuations and a head full of bad memories in terms of taking pharmaceuticals.  (I actually wrote my thesis decisively AGAINST antidepressants, due to their neurological ramifications; while I fully respect your differing opinions and experiences, advice to take medication will be instantaneously disregarded.  Please don't waste your time or mine.)  

Anyway, these positive changes have WORKED.  I have balanced and stabilized my life.  I am tremendously healthy...except I was still smoking a cig or 2 per day.  Smoking had become inconsistent with the rest of my very healthy life.  All I could think was how much I could feel it affecting my lung capacity and limiting my running mileage.  And, of course, I had haunting visions of emphysema, cancer, etc.  So I put them down cold turkey 3 weeks ago.

I have definitely felt edgy, but had very few cravings; it's frankly WEIRD.  Once every few days, I will feel stressed and think "God, I want a cigarette"; but I can EASILY dismiss the thought and it actually LEAVES.  I had been marveling at how easy this has been....until the emotional changes kicked in about a week and a half after quitting.  (I'm unsure of whether this is a normal timeline, but it happened to me.)

I have researched, and I am aware now that quitting smoking sort of "reactivates" brain chemistry patterns that are perhaps your "default patterns."  So, this makes sense to a great degree.  I have definitely felt extremely stressed every day (and unfortunately, someone drove into my parked car, one of my best friends betrayed me, and other things...blah blah blah, not whining, but life hasn't exactly delivered the most reasonable environment for withstanding the added stress).  But anyway, it has really escalated, and it comes and goes.  It has reached the point on a few occasions of me laying in bed for a few days in fetal position, just....the deepest, blackest depression.  I also have fits of extreme anger in which I have to go be by myself.  Now, I have always been an emotional person, and I had some EXTREMELY serious depressive episodes in high school, so I recognize this "place" (much to my horror).  However, it comes and goes (I'm normal much of the time, though a tad edgy), and it has really reached a ridiculous level of intensity.  Also, I have never experienced anger issues before, so I usually just isolate myself because I have no experience with anger and no experience controlling it.  It's terrifying.

I also understand that I likely masked a lot of negative feelings with smoking.  It's true that I always reached for a cigarette when stressors arose, so it was a serious coping mechanism.  I have also smoked most of my life, so cigarettes have always been present, and an integral part of every era - whether struggling or thriving, cigs have been in my hand.  So, although I wasn't smoking MUCH at the end, I can understand how nearly 15 years of heavy smoking can be hard to let go, psychologically.

A few people have told me to "just start smoking again," but I don't want to, because it may alleviate things this week - but a week later I'll be back where I was, with the same realizations I already had...and presumably I will have to start this hellish chain all over.  I'd rather stick it out.  I'm already 3 weeks in, and while it's still not great, it's way better than it was last week.

I'm okay with sticking it out, although there are literally no words for how much it sucks, but I wanted to know whether this is to be expected (given my history - although I've been very intentionally stable for years, my "default brain chemistry" is definitely no joke), and how long it might last?

To counteract the overwhelming feelings of negativity, I have been running 4-8 miles per day (depends on the day) and I AM thrilled with my increased lung capacity...and I have been maintaining my freakishly healthy diet and meditating.  But all these things together, which usually result in stability, are pretty much just "keeping my head above water" right now.  I feel like I can't possibly run far enough every day to feel happy.

Is this "normal," given my history?  How long might it last?  I appreciate any and all insights.  There is a lot of info about quitting smoking online, but I can't really find anyone who has the knowledge to tell me "yes, this makes sense" or "no, this is terrible and abnormal."

Thanks very much for any insights you may have.  This is a great community.


