Just made the 4td day :-)

Since I’m already surfing around here for quite some time today I thought I could contribute my story.

Like many I cannot recall when i actually smoked my first whole package of cigarettes. I got one from a friend during our pub tours, I borrowed one, I bought a package to repay my debts to him, smoked another one etc. 

In 2016, during my 3-Month exchange in Hawaii I guess we could say I started to smoke more regularly. I recall one bench in a park in honolulu being really relaxing to smoke in the evening. After coming home I felt stuck in my old life again nothing really changed (or did it change? - matter of perspective and mindset I guess. I started university but other than that, same job, same relationship status, still living at home with my parents.) I started to hang out with my younger brothers friends and smoked a lot of joints. Early 2017 I met this girl on tinder and met her in real life too after txting for quite some time over a long distance she told me that she met someone else (ouch I guess) i increased my weed intake and obviously people who know people with weed know people with other things as well so I had another encounter with my older friends LSD and DMT. I started my birthday this year being drunk, smoked weed ended up trying MDMA and as the cherry on the top had two lines of DMT. By that time already smoking almost a pack a day.

Well, turns out the right song on the right amount of a drug (MDMA slightly more than save and puking it out again while listening to chemical romance by Chris webby) kept me away from Molly ever since, the workload at the university plus working part-time kept me from smoking weed and going out much. All that remained were the cigarettes. Now I try to keep my hands busy with some mediocre drawings. 

Thanks for Listening / Reading, good luck to all of you quitters and a Happy New Year :-)

And obviously: Stay away from drugs :-)

-&gt; mediocre drawing found here http://imgur.com/KKd39x7