Feeling pissed about those shitty things

No need to read all through :) Just pissed and back on square one :S 

I hate those things, and I hate myself equally for starting with them. But they come into your life like sneaky bastards. It starts with having a beer to many (or well at least in my case) standing outside of the bar with your smoker-friends and not knowing anything better to do than smoke with them. Sure one never hurts. A second one? - Well I didn't like the first one so me becoming hooked? - No fucking way... Then all of a sudden you join your friends more often. You smoke while being drunk. And just while drunk. Then you find a pack the morning after a night out. It's like six in the morning and you haven't slept yet anyway so it's still part of your night out I guess. Then oh well look my parents aren't home... such nice weather outside... how about juuuuust one more... (Sneaky little nicotine monster) Now I'm here again, having to start at square one. Feeling like an idiot (quitting, starting, quitting and starting again more times than I actually can count). Every little mishap has to be "cured" with a cigarette, every little reward has to be a cigarette. Why can't I go with a fucking beer? Ah right, because once I have a drink I start to smoke again. Why can't I go with a nice coffee instead? Why can't I go with tea, a chocolate croissant? I guess my nicotine monster is very picky about food and drinks... 

Now thinking of the possibility of saving 190 Swiss Francs (162 Euros, 201 US Dollars or 143 British Pounds) looks for me just like a veeeeery long month being pissed about myself, not allowing my brain what it wants with a mix of being pissed about myself and feeling bad. (Even though one little voice in my head is telling myself that it's good and that I don't need it. So quietly, though that it drowns in the screaming voice of the nicotine-fucker again and again and again) 

Well, starting again, trying my best and hoping that this time it will work out. Just tried to soak those fuckers in pure alcohol and light them all at once... Now they burn down on the street. (Don't want to know what my friendly neighbours now think of me haha)

Thanks for reading ;-) Holy carp that became a long post. :) 

tl;dr: Back on square one, neighbours probably wondering why a pack of cigarettes is burning on the street.  