After 3 attempts to stop I believe it's working now. Almost 3 months clean.

I am 28 years old and already 15 years had smoking habit but now from February I am clean and I believe I will never go back. I don't even have an urge to do so.


I tried to do it already few times but my friends and people around were typical example of people who will rather laugh at you with "heh everybody is saying that" (instead of some support) and than only reminds you it after month of trying to stop around smoking friends when you finally snappes and take one and everyone starts laughing saying "I knew he will not last".... It's incredibly common and sad but I guess they feel guilty...? Dunno.


Well I decided to take totally different approach. Not like last times. And maybe somebody here will find it helpful.
I didnt stop entirely. I said to myself basically "Sure you want to stop. And you will try. BUT if there will be your stupid friends around again or you will have real urge - you will smoke few." I never let anyone knew I will going to that. I did smoke with friends and keep my mind calm - attitude like "if it will snap again you will just get one, a little or two... Whatever." And they didn't say anything. They never even knew about it.


This attitude was crazily effective. It wasn't immediate oh no. But it was from 10 pieces to 8, from 8 to 4 etc... I suddenly started to realize I have pack in my pocket for a week. Normally would be a day or two max. Then I smoked only 1 a day and it was already very foreign feeling. And to stop completely was already last step and I didnt almost feel it. It took like half a year completely I am not even sure but I believe I am done. 


The mindset to not be forced to do it can do soo much. You will slowly take it like background habit until you are so strong that you dont want to go back. And you know what? I still have that mindset. But I dont even think about it anymore and that's the best. Hope you guys have or will have similar stories and wish us all a lot of luck to continue with no problems.


And thanks for reading.
