Re-setting and my dad dying.

In 2005, my dad was diagnosed with Hepatitis C. When he was younger he was a heroin addict and shared needles, they didn't know about that kind of thing back then. In 2009 he was diagnosed with liver cancer. On March 18th, 2015, he died at the age of 65. 

He had used several treatment methods to treat both his Hep C and cancer, he had been receiving radiation treatment for the tumors on his liver and and was doing pretty well. I saw him at Christmas and he seemed like his normal self and we had a great time. I'm grateful we had a last good Christmas memory. Shortly after Christmas, he had a stroke. The doctors told him that his history of smoking was what caused the stroke, and it had weakened his liver enough that the cancer took over his liver. By late February, they gave him 3 months to live. 3 weeks later he died. We'll never know if he would've been cured of his cancer and Hep C, had his history of smoking not led to the stroke with started his downfall.

By this point, I had been not smoking for over a year, but there's no way around it--I used it as an excuse to smoke. I know I could have not smoked, I'd been around my smoking brother and mom before and not smoked. By May, I was smoking half a pack a day again. I'm so sick of it, and almost feel stupid. But I think we shouldn't feel stupid--nicotine is a drug. An addiction. My dad quit cold turkey after his stroke and was fine; if he can do it so can I, and you can too. I have read Alan Carr's book and the patches have worked wonders for me in the past, so I'm using them again; and of course re-subscribed to this sub for all the great support you all offer. Of course we all know that smoking is bad for us, and we want to get past our addiction. It's odd--I very very rarely drink, smoked marijuana years ago and never got hooked, never saw the appeal in drugs, but I can burn through cigarettes like there's no tomorrow. I just hope that this will speak to some of you and help you quit. Don't wait until it's too late and you're looking up at your child(ren) from your deathbed looking like a helpless child. It's not worth it.