I'm having a really tough time quitting. So many reasons. Heeeelp!

I have almost made a complete switch over to electronic cigarettes, so that's a good thing.  However, I would like to stop altogether but I'm having such a tough time and I'll tell you why.  I am 48 years old and have smoked since I was around 7 years old.  Although I didn't start inhaling the smoke until I was 10.  I have always been sporty and very into physical fitness.  I enjoy running, swimming, mountain biking and I still skateboard.  My smoking has honestly never had any impact on my fitness.  I don't have a smokers cough and everyone is always amazed at how old I am, and then they fall over when they find out I smoke.  I have extremely good skin and in when I go for my annual the doctors always say I'm fitter than most 21 year olds they have come in.

I asked the doctor why I don't appear to be having any bad side effects from smoking and he just said that some people just don't, the same as some people can drink enough alcohol to kill an average person each day, but they live till they're 90.  We are all different and nobody knows why, then he told me more about the effects on those around me etc and that was what is driving me to quit.  It is also the reason I switched to e-cigs.  They may not hurt me, but there is solid science that they will hurt someone around me.

The problem is I really like smoking.  I actually find the e-cigs even nicer,they taste so damned good.  However, it's an addiction and the longer I'm off the cigarettes I get cravings that the e-cig doesn't fill, so I smoke a normal cigarette.  How the hell do you break this addiction?  I get so bad, I'm dizzy to the point of falling over, my speech starts slurring slightly.  Wtf?  It takes around three days to fully kick in, but I just have to have a normal cigarette and then I'm okay again for a day or two.  At first I thought it may be the e-cigs, so I quit those too, but sure enough the dizziness came, blurred vision etc, I couldn't walk in a straight line.  It feels as though I'm drunk.  What's going on?  