19 days free

I had been a smoker for for 16 years. And have quite about 12-15 times. My wife hates it when I quit. She says here we go again" but she carries on smoking. 
If there's a method out there to quit on I've tried it.! But this time I switched to vaping, I'm getting 3mg of nicotine a day and have came down from 18mg over the 19 days. It was so easy. I know all the benefits we get when we quit and I love challenging myself to these types of things. Almost like going against yourself in a battle. .. who's going to win?  The longest I've been quit in the pay is 7 months. Stupid to think I'd started again after that amount of time. Anyway this time I've tried it at the beginning of the year instead which I've never done before. And with allot of jobs for me to do I can now crack on without feeling all tired out and lethargic.
So 19 days don't sound long to me at the moment but I know just how important it is to reward myself. I check in on my stop smoking app more often now and pay more attention to what I'm doing just to ficus on this quit and not lose sight so easily. When I do a bit of fitness I find it so pleasurable that my heart and lungs have just had a treat to further my life and improve my body. It's all in moderation at the moment so I'm not hammering everything in taking it easy on myself. When I get to 1 month quit I hope to treat myself maybe I'll start looking around at some thing I really want. Im going to stay putting money into my isa at the 6 month mark so I look forward to that.the only thing is I don't trek everyone that I've quit as I know how many times I've done it before so id feel like a mug to tell people and then they just say yeah yeah you've said it before and you always go back. So in going to not doubt myself and prove that I can do it. Then when it gets to around the 12 month mark I'll celebrate and tell everyone my achievement.week done to everyone quitter fags are a thing of the past. The modern man/woman don't need them anymore. We win-and the tobacco companies lose. 