Allan Carr's book worked for me once (I stopped smoking for 1.5 years, then I started again) , I re-read it 8 times and I cant stop smoking.

The first time i read the book I was really into it, the informational was amazingly new and I could feel (I knew) that I would stop even before I finished reading it. When I finished the book I remember feeling so happy, even the withdrawal symptoms where a pleasant aspect. A few days after reading the book I was in such a bliss that I thought I could conquer the world. I went out more, started working out at the gym, I felt so strong. As I socialized I met a bunch of people and in particular a group of people who where into coke. 

Cut a long story short, I did a line of coke and then the coke ran out because everyone was doing lines at the same time. I wasn't expecting it but I really felt like doing more coke at that point, but there wasn't any. The next best thing was a cigarette and I had one. That was it! I continued smoking for 4 years after that and now I've decided to quit again. 

I know it was stupid of me to smoke, I know it was stupid of me to have coke but I did. I fully regret that. 

Anyway, I'm reading the Allan Carr book and it's lost it vibrancy, I feel like I already know the information contained inside, I feel like it's not a "magic button" anymore, that I can press and stop again. The information it contains is not registering with me like it did the first time. The more I read it the more I "speed read" through it. I feel like telling the book "come ooooon, I know this shit already... make me stop again". It's just not working though, I've read it 8 times and it's only worked (perfectly) the first time round. The next 7 times I have read it have been failed attempts. 

Guys I need your help, obviously I'm missing the key point of the book because I feel I know it inside out. Something is not registering with my stupid brain and each time I read it the time it takes for me to smoke becomes shorter. What can I do to take a fresh approach to stopping? Why is it so much more difficult now compared to the first time I tried to quit?  