1 week dance, 1 week dance, I'ma gonnna get drunk and test my resiliance mo-fuckas (sheeit, im already drunk)

Not that drunk... but, I am one week in without a cig. And I kinda wanted to smoke earlier this evening, not like really bad, but like a 5 or 6. I have so far abstained from drinking this past week during my first 7 days of not smoking, but tonight, I needed a lil-somethin-somethin, the monkey was on my back and I needed to feed it something, it was the nicotine monkey, but I felt deep down inside that this monkey could have been fed with booze. So I am about 2/5 of a bottle of wine in (plus a beer), and no real desire to smoke at the moment. 

Normally when I drink, I smoke, atleast for the last 15 years (jesus, it was like 15 years... that number just keeps going up). But right now, no need for a cig. none.  Fuck nicotine. Fuck the monkey. 

Now the monkey might be tricking me right now, but here is the thing, I live in a place of the world where everything shuts down at 10pm... EVERYTHING!!! So, even if I wanted a smoke, I cant buy a pack right now... Gotch'a monkey, ha ha fuck you! I guess I could find some random person on the street smoking a cig and bum one, but like I don't like speaking the local language, and I do have some weed I could just smoke (I am not quitting that, that is good for me)... so I think I have this monkey in a corner tonight and we are drinking...

#tl;dr (11pm my time) I am drinking with the nicotine monkey tonight. 

Oh yeah... btw... I am not an alcoholic.  I like a drink now and then... And I like a drink now and then during the week, by myself... but I got that vice under control... no worries on that front, really y'all, trust me on that. 

###Update: 2am my time... I went for a walk after my wine, stopped by a party stood by the bon-fire, had a beer... people were smoking with cigs, but I wasn't... Monkey and me just stood there by the fire, watching it, drinking our beer. Then I rolled back home .. . 
... No cigs. 

That is somewhat metaphorical... the point is I didnt smoke. But I was fascinated by fire... I got back and lit a candle in a dark room for like 5 min... my excuse was that I did not want to turn on the lights... but I did not want to turn on the lights because I wanted to light a candle fire.  Oh the ritual of fire... and the outdoors... How I will miss thee... 

... not another puff
... not another puff


Congrats to /u/runningrhody on 1000 days! 