How I quit - and stay quit!

I had always wanted to quit smoking "one day" but never got round to it. I was at a gathering with friends and one of them had an e-cigarette. I asked if I could try it and it felt very similar to smoking a real one! I decided to get one for myself, not to quit smoking but to see what it's like and to use in emergencies. I had no idea where to start so just bought the same one he had. They're so convenient! When I couldn't be bothered going out in the cold or rain to smoke I'd use my e-cig. When I wanted to smoke inside but couldn't be bothered leaning out the window I'd use my e-cig. It became more and more frequent and before I knew it, I'd been using my e-cig for a whole week without smoking.

I left my e-cig at work one day and so I decided to have a real one. WOW DID IT TASTE BAD! I couldn't finish it. I waited til the next day at work to have my e-cig. That's how I quit smoking.

Now, it's not *identical* to normal cigs, it takes a little longer to feel the craving satisfied (rather than immediately with a real cig, it can take a minute). But it is VERY similar. And I would still go outside to smoke it, still socialise with the smokers, everything was the same so I never missed smoking.

I've since stopped smoking my e-cig 99% of the time. It was very easy to give up compared to smoking. You can do it two ways; switch the dosage slowly down to nicotine-free and then stop, or just stop straight away. I just stopped straight away because it was so easy. I still get cravings for nicotine, especially at stressful times or when I consume alcohol. I keep an e-cig for these rare occasions to stop me going back to the real ones. I use my e-cig maybe twice a year.

**And that's how I quit smoking! And it was so easy I didn't even realise I was doing it!**

TL;DR I started using an e-cig to see what it was like and ended up preferring it and using it so much I "forgot" to smoke real ones and when I tried to it tasted gross. Then I quit e-cigs and they are easy to quit.

If you're interested in trying an e-cig but don't know where to start or you have any questions please feel free to ask! And there are plenty of great folks at /r/electronic_cigarette who can help and also a great forum I've used: allaboute-cigarettes.proboards.com/