Thoughts at almost 1 Year Smoke-Free

I started smoking cigarettes in my teenage years. Today marks 347 days since I took the journey of living a smoke-free life. I almost waited a full year before writing this. But, I just finished a six mile run without shortness of breath and thought—I never could have done this last year. Actually, I have never done this in my entire life!!! It was that moment that I realized how the decision to quit smoking has changed my life.

Hands down—it has been one of the best decisions in my life, and I would not trade anything in the world for how I feel right now. When I was addicted to cigarettes, I felt trapped. I encourage all of you who are smokers to quit. It is going to be different, and maybe even scary. However, look at it as an adventure, a journey or something positive. Just remember, the cravings are merely temporary and you are changing your life for the better.

How I did it?

1. First and foremost, exercise. I want to personally thank my friend Derrick who pushed me during our workouts which made me determined to come back to the gym the next day stronger and faster. With each visit to the gym, I was less sluggish and less discouraged. 

2. I made boxing/running my new hobby. Being a smoker and a health enthusiast do not mesh well. If I wanted to relapse, I would have to give up everything I put into the gym, my cardio workouts and my health - all of it a waste!

3. Support from family/friends. During my first few months, I was under stress and asked my dad for a cigarette. He threw up his arms and said, “I don’t think so man, you’re doing so good and you got to keep it up!” My dad has smoked almost his entire adult life so he knows the pain/struggle of quitting and why it is a good decision to quit. Every time my dad or I would light up, my stepmother purposely came around and talked to us which resulted in us putting it out. Having loved ones cheer for you absolutely helped.

4. Lying to my then significant other and smoking behind her back. It got to a point where she wasn’t even angry with me, but just disappointed. That was a defining moment for me when I felt her hopelessness. 

Those are some of the significant things and events that lead up to me deciding to quit smoking. Most importantly, the benefits of quitting has so many perks. I could go on for days about everything I gained from quitting. Instead, I will simply provide a brief update:

1. I use to think almost all food was good. But, my new smell and taste allowed me to regain a new appreciation for food—to be more selective.

2. My room, car and clothes no longer smell like an ash tray. I can now smell a smoker once they enter the room, and I do not want to smell like that anymore.

3. My body just works a lot better overall. I just feel healthier. I can breathe, smell, taste, run, fight at the gym and so much more now—it is a world I have never experienced. It is AWESOME!

4. I am less stressed because I find myself actually dealing with my stress and anxiety, instead of smoking every time I am frustrated. I am now dealing with problems head on, rather than masking them with cigarettes and alcohol.

5. With a pack costing nearly $10 now, it is a no brainer that tons of money was saved which allowed me to invest on things that improved my quality of life, such as a gym membership at a nice gym. 

It just seems like yesterday that I gave up smoking. This just goes to tell you that LIFE IS TOO SHORT, and you have to take care of yourself. You only have ONE body! That thought of being young and invincible, has to be thrown out the window. If any of you need support or have questions, please drop me a line. Whether you are on the fence about quitting, one month in or whatever the case is, I am so proud of you for starting the process of quitting smoking, of bettering your overall health and life.

There is no magic pill. There is no overnight fix or replacement for hard work and discipline. My experience with cigarettes has taught me that hard work, discipline, willpower, and perseverance equals freedom.

I am now applying the strength I have gained from this journey into other areas of my life. Thank you to EVERYONE here in this subreddit!