How do I get back on track

I’ve been a smoker for 34 years on and off. The longest I’ve quit was for 3 years. 
My father died of lung disease last January. He was  in total denial that smoking had caused his COPD. He claimed that smoking helped clear his catarrh in the morning. He coughed up a box of tissues worth of catarrh every day. I watched him gasping for breath on the day he died. I will never forget the fear in his eyes. 

I stopped smoking 28th September. Last year; what would have been my sister’s 56th birthday but also a week after both my children left home. 
Oh gosh - the first few days were awful - despite reading Alan Carr I still felt this huge sense of loss instead of “yippee I’m free.” My friend, my fag, the fag breaks / that time I had for me, as the kids were growing up, that time out, when I lost my sister to cancer, that time out to cope with the stresses of life, I realised my cigarettes suppressed so many things. 

Suddenly my life had changed direction and it was just me and my eccentric hubby left at home. I felt this huge sense of loss, my kids, my cigarettes. Pathetic I know. 
I got through the first 4 weeks cold turkey. They were hell, Suddenly i didn’t have a filter. Gosh I was such a grumpy old woman. Hubby took the brunt of it, he deserved it, sometimes. 

I couldn’t wait until 6 pm came each day. I could finish work (I work from home) and justifiably poor myself a glass of wine.  It took the edge off the day. These replaced my cigarettes. 

Then the insomnia struck. 
Then the weight gain.

I’m thinking wtf
I can’t get into my clothes. I’m saving £100 a week on fags but I’ll spend more than that on replacement clothes. My jeans feel tight, I’m feeling fat, I’ve lost my confidence,  feeling low. I’ve replaced cigarettes with alcohol. I can’t sleep, I look and feel awful. Maybe I’ll smoke and I’ll sleep again. 
I start smoking. 

Maybe I’ll stop tomorrow / I hate myself.  I’m the secret smoker 

Maybe I’ll quit drinking and smoke instead. 
This has all gone through my head. I realise that drinking alcohol to replace my cigarettes has caused my weight gain. 

But the insomnia, that’s just awful. My friends put it down to menopause- but i didn’t have this before when I smoked. Is there a connection ? Why does stopping smoking cause insomnia/ I’ve been taking antihistamines to knock me out - they’ve helped but I don’t want to rely on them. 
So here I am. Each day I smoke my last cigarette Allen Carr Bootcamp, swear that I will not go back and then buy another pack of fags the next day and smoke whilst hubby asleep or out  of the house. The official saddo secret smoker. 

Any advice gratefully received. 
I feel like I’m lying to everyone who all think I’ve stopped smoking for good. What a sad fraud I am. 
Thank you in anticipation xx