My brain is an asshole (day #21)

For real. It is. Or it at least feels that way. In my former posts, I've talked about the dreams I had. Weird, scary dreams. They're still there. Not as frequent as they used to be, but several times a week I wake up from a dream that creeps me out.  
It always has to do with loss, either my fiancee, my family, my friends, my pet, someone leaves me and I don't know why. And in that dream there are cigarettes. I crave one, sometimes I give in, sometimes I don't. But I crave one. And it makes dream-me feel indefinitely better.  
It's disgusting. It's like my brain is trying to tell me that, no matter how bad life might be, cigarettes will always be there for me. Be my friend and confidante.  
I know it's bullshit. You guys know it's bullshit. Everybody I know knows it's bullshit. But my brain, or at least part of it, is being an addicted son of a bitch who wants to get me back to smoking, and tries to do so by throwing seriously hurtful and frightening situations at me. I hate it.  
  
But you know what, brain? I hate it. I hate cigarettes. I hate smoking. I hate smelling disgusting and paying money just to die an early death. I hate that my fiancee, who doesn't handle the smell of smoke well, at all, has to take an inhaler because she can't breathe, and then I go out and have a smoke, making her breathing issues infinitely worse. It's disgusting. I was an addict. I may always be an addict. But I have a choice. And I choose not to smoke, ever again. I will never, ever, be stronger than cigarettes. I know that now. I thought, in the past, that I was. That I could have just one. But I can't. The part of my brain that tells me so, is that stupid addicted part. I am not stronger than cigarettes. I am smarter though. I am no longer an ignorant addict who tried to sooth herself with nicotine. With cigarettes.  

My app told me, as a mission, that today I have to make a [contract](https://i.imgur.com/HkGTsYJ.png). Well, I'm not one for posting this stuff on social media. I don't want recognition from family or friends, or coworkers,for quitting something I shouldn't have started in the first place.  
But I will do that here. Right now.  
  
*I hereby commit to myself and to you that I will never smoke even another puff of a cigarette again. No matter what.  
Ik beloof hierbij aan mezelf, en aan jullie, dat ik nooit meer zal roken, geen enkele hijs ook maar.
  
Anne*  
  
Here's to three weeks, less than 14 hours away. I've got this.