Almost four months

I am [almost four months](https://i.imgur.com/00n9gXh.jpg) smoke free by now. It's insane how fast time can go and how weird it is to think I once smoked.  
When I came here in early January, I saw posts of people who had 100+ days next to their username and I couldn't relate to them. How could someone who had quit that long ago, possibly know what I was going through? How would my brain ever be okay again? How would I ever function again? Without a cigarette...  
  
So that's why I post this. Because although it seems like I haven't smoked in forever, in reality I was a chainsmoker not too long ago. But it really does get better, no matter what your brain may tell you during the early days, or during the worst cravings. You can live without a cigarette. You can enjoy life without nicotine. You used to, and you can do so again.  
  
When I just quit, there was a user here who's cat died, and (s)he was in the early days of quitting as well. I felt so impressed that they were so strong, they didn't cave, they didn't fall back into smoking. I was sure I would have done so. And I still don't know what I would have done in those early days.  
I do know that my grandpa died last week, and I wanted to smoke. The feeling didn't last, but for that short amount of time, the addicted part of my brain played up and tried to convince me that life would be better with a cigarette. It's insane. It wouldn't have brought him back and it would've left me with an active addiction. I'm so very glad I didn't give in.  
  
I also used to think that life would be boring without a smoke. What would I do? Where would I keep my hands? What purpose did our balcony serve? What was I supposed to do on breaks? I didn't know. I ignored the balcony for weeks, out of fear of being tempted. I spent my breaktime indoors, out of fear of being tempted. I didn't go for walks, not even to the supermarket, when I was feeling upset, out of fear of being tempted.  
But spring has come. I've spent time reading on our balcony, spending my breaks in the sun, and taking walks / bike rides everywhere. It's amazing. I don't have to check my pockets to see if I have my smokes and lighter. I don't have to think about having enough smokes until I go to the shop tomorrow. I don't have to check for ashtrays when I go out for drinks. I don't have to give a shit about smoking, at all, ever again.  
  
According to my smoke free app, I have not smoked over 1354 cigarettes now. But it all started with that first cigarette I didn't smoke. It was the best decision I made in 2019. I just happened to make another 1353 best decisions afterwards. If I can do it, you can too. All we have to do is not smoke. I will not smoke with you today.