The thought of quitting makes me panic

I'm 24, and I've been a social smoker for 7 years, regular smoker for 5. Recently, I have been making a lot of changes in my life in order to get healthier. Last thing on the list is the cigarettes.

I moved in with my boyfriend in August, and the apartment is strictly smoke free. We both want it that way. 
I go outside every time, and that has helped me reduce the number of cigarettes I go through in a day. I used to smoke almost a whole pack a day, but now I'm down to half or less. Some days, if it's raining, I only go out 2 or 3 times, and it's all good, so to me, it seems like my addiction is much more psychological than physical.

I have been thinking about quitting for a year, but my problem is that the thought of it makes me panic. 
I think the reason is that I have dealt with a lot of anxiety and depression in the past years. I still struggle with both, and have recently been close to going back to the very dark place I used to be in. 
Cigarettes, I think, have primarily functioned as a sanctuary for me. A tiny meditation where nothing matters but breathing in the smoke. A friend who's there to comfort you, occupy your hands, stop your mind from wandering into the shadows. 
I can't count the terrified, sleepless nights I've spent in my bed, wrapped in my duvet, chain smoking, waiting for the sun to rise. I'm fine when I know I can grab one whenever I need to, but the thought of not having a pack near me frightens me to an extent that very few things do.

I feel lonely in this, because my non-smoker friends don't really deal with the same issues I do. They just tell me it's a question of willpower - something I have very little of when it comes to making healthy decision for myself. 
Most of my smoker friends, on the other hand, are aware of my issues, and many of them deal with things on their own, but they seem unwilling to fully support my quitting, probably because they are worried I won't hang out with them anymore once I quit.

I guess what I'm trying to ask here is: Does anyone have experience with this? I can feel the effects of smoking on my body, and I wish the desire to quit was stronger than my fear of doing so. 

Has anyone been in a similar situation? Does it sound completely hopeless? 


