Relapsed

Okay, so this may seem silly to some of you, but as of yesterday I had completed my 3rd day of being smoke free from just going cold turkey and everything was going great until...

My indoor cat got out and has been missing for almost 24hrs now (and she has never been outdoors).  Due to the stress I started smoking again because it's like having a child that's missing and you can't find them and it's not like I can call the police and report a missing cat and have them show up and canvas the area.

I've also recently quit drinking (as I am an alcoholic) and it just feels like I can't go one single week lately without having something drastic happen in my life. 

I've passed out flyers to my neighbors, I've scoured over a few acres looking for her, but she is a very skittish cat who would run and hide under the bed when visitors would come over, and now she's outside and who knows where and will not answer my calls to her.  Hell, when I first got her it took her over 24hrs to just to come out from under the bed (she's a rescue cat) and now I'm afraid that she's gone so far that she doesn't know her way back home.  I've called the animal control and left them a message and I've called the only veterinarian clinic in town (I live in a fairly small town) to let them know as she does have a microchip that's attached to my address and phone number, but she's not the type of cat who would just wander up to some random stranger and start meowing and rubbing on their legs like some cats do.  Finally I put food, water, her litter box, her favorite blanket and favorite toy all outside in hopes that she will pick up the scent and know which way is home.

So it pains me to say that I will need to remove my badge, but at least I am not drinking... But trust me, I really want one.  And I know that smoking wont bring her back, and wont help anything at all, but it's all this stress I am under (legal issues from drinking, no job, financial issues, loss of a relationship in the past month, etc) and I feel like I am just going to snap now because my best friend has gone missing.

I didn't hardly sleep last night and my mind is consumed with my poor cat being out there, scared to death, and not knowing how to get back home.  I hope and pray that eventually she will move and that someone will spot her and call me and I can go get her, but I feel so overwhelmed right now that I just got a case of the "fuck its" and started smoking again.

Anyways, I just needed to rant about this and get it off my chest as I don't have a whole slew of friends I can just talk to.

Thank you for listening.