We quit together! Some tips

Both me and my husband quit smoking about 2.5 weeks ago. I never thought I would see the other side of this addiction especially oral fixation part.

We've both done patches, vaping, gum, but for some reason this time we did these things differently: 

1. My husband was DONE. It's hard to go back and forth between wanting to quit and wanting to laugh at the idea of quitting x 2 People. But his success helped me to see it was possible. Also we both had a reason to quit this time we want to start a family. More than that we just had matured enough to do it... him actually first and he wasn't tempted when I still needed a few more days before I quit too. We didn't set a date.

2. LOZENGES. I think because they last longer and you can clink them around in your mouth. Idk honestly but we both used them and successfully quit. He wore patches the first bit too. Altogether we used only 2 x 2mg and 2 x 1mg lozenge packs.
2b. Popsicles. Something to soothe your oral fixation. Hubs has been eating a lot of popcorn lol. 

3. My husband says he always gets sick after quiting smoking I've never really "quit" past 4 days on average sometimes less once over a week. But I got sick and so did he and it helped get over a big chunk of the hump knowing that I'd absolutely be smoking AND sick if I were still smoking. Idk it made it harder and easier at the same time. This isn't a tip more like a side note. 

4. Getting past whatever your big trigger milestone is. For us it was drinking. So about 5 days into me quitting and 9 days for him we inevitably end up having some social drinks. Usually this is when we bail. We buy one pack it turns into another etc. His friend said no you're almost past the hump you don't need it and for some reason it worked. Maybe because buddy was a close friend and 7 months smoke free after being a heavy smoker. When we didn't get smokes that night I knew we were done in a weird way. Like even though there was and still is like some difficult moments they get shorter and less intense and less frequent as we build better habits. 
4b. So we have been cooking a lot more and cleaning more idk it's weird. I didn't think smoking held us back from that but all that time and energy gets put into better use. We feel like a team and we are working towards our shared goals in our married/home life. We are both more confident too because we feel good about achieving something that before felt impossible and beyond our control. 

5. Seeing it was possible. Seeing my friends quit successfully. Maybe reach out to former smokers and just know that it is possible. 

I HATE saying this but it's true. As hard as it was to quit it was *sorry* not as hard as I thought it was going to be in the end. BUT...

It's turning out better than I hoped or imagined. For all the obvious reasons to quit and for all the ones you don't know yet... its totally better and the monster in your head is bigger than it appears in actuality. Wherever you are on your quit smoking journey I know that you will see this side of the road for yourself soon. All the best! 