526 days my way, no quit date, no method, just cold turkey.

I had convinced myself that I could never stop, that it would always beat me, that I was powerless to the cravings.

I had tried countless times before, but never made it through more than a couple hours without lighting up again.

It affected my heart, it affected my lungs, it took all of my time, and made me feel powerless.

&amp;#x200B;

After years of chain smoking, starting young and extending well into adulthood, I finally stopped cold turkey.

52517. That's my number. 526 days without nicotine and counting.

&amp;#x200B;

It wasn't something I planned, I didn't set a quit date, I didn't read a book, I didn't watch self help videos, I didn't even reach out for support. It just happened. It wasn't until months later that the number actually meant something.

&amp;#x200B;

On that day I was smoking the last cigarette in the pack. Instead of buying another pack, I just didn't.

&amp;#x200B;

My quit wasn't anything revolutionary or special.

I knew that the cravings would come and I just accepted it.

I let them wash over me and actually experienced the discomfort, anxiety, and unease.

I knew that the cravings would pass slowly and that I didn't handle them well.

To combat this I isolated myself from everyone and everything until they were gone.

Over the course of four days I locked myself away and just reset myself.

Two days away from work and a weekend were what it took for me to turn things around.

Headphones and my phone with soothing music were helpful. Water was helpful. A bed was helpful. Inactivity was helpful.

The solitude was actually more helpful than anything else.

I just needed to be alone with the cravings.

&amp;#x200B;

For too long I was afraid of the cravings and I continued to smoke to avoid them.

It wasn't until I actually embraced them that I realized that I could actually do this.

It's been 526 days and the only time I think of smoking now is when I remember that I used to do it.

I sometimes go days without remembering how different my life used to be and how I had lost all control.

&amp;#x200B;

Sometimes the only tool you need is a certain state of mind and an understanding that addiction is just a chemical imbalance in your brain.

This may not help everyone, but for those out there that need it, this is what helped me.

Hopefully it can help you too.

Stay strong, it gets better.