Reflections of an Ex-smoker

I just wanted to share my story for some words of encouragement. I will be a non-smoker 6 years ago this January 4th. I tried several times to quit but failed, mostly due to my frame of mind. In my head, smoking was a pleasure that I was abstaining from. This is a lie that your addiction and society supports. When I was finally was ready to quit, I sat down and wrote a list of why I smoked and why I did not want to continue smoking. All of the reasons I smoked were really due to addiction, when all else was stripped away. End the addiction, end the smoking. I was uneasy for about a week but even then I knew that I would never smoke again. I knew it, as a fact, that I never would because all of the lies were stripped away. I just had to help the nicotine leave my body and ensure that I would never ingest it again. Now, I detest smoking. I can't stand the sight or smell of it.

Some of you may think I'm full of shit. Let me share one more thing with you. I'm also a problem drinker, well former drinker today. I am so free from nicotine that I can get drunk to the point of blacking out and still not be tempted to smoke.

The whole reason I'm sharing this is that in people's mind, there is this lifelong struggle and feeling of withdrawal or deprivation ahead of you to quit. That's bullshit. To be perfectly honest, when I quit I had some nicotine withdrawal for about a week, and that was it. After 10 years, quitting was a non-event. It wasn't the blistering struggle and sad breakup that the nicotine replacement therapy advocates and cigarette companies want you to believe. Have faith in yourself. Quitting is simply convincing yourself that smoking is ruining your life, and will likely take your life if left unchecked. There's no pleasure in it, you are simply feeding the monkey. The need to smoke is brought on by smoking itself! Don't start vaping either, that's just more nicotine! Why continue this addiction? Fuck tobacco and fuck alcohol. You got this.