The things you do for love

Hey guys! Belgian smoker here.

I turned 20 yesterday. Been studying engineering for 3 years. In my first exam period, my habit of buying a pack of cigarettes with a friend to enjoy an evening out, turned into a habit of buying a pack per week to take a short break from the books.

Fast forward three years, and I smoke 5-6 cigs a day regularly, and probably almost a full pack whenever I'm on vacation with friends or on camp with my scouts group.

I used to (last year before uni) to be able to run 10km in 45 minutes. Since I also don't do much sports anymore, combined with smoking, that good shape has mostly gone to shit, I fear

But I'm planning on changing that. I'm dating a girl with which I made my "bachelor thesis" (don't know if that's what it's called in English). She lost three grandparents to lung cancer, one of which was caused by passive smoking. 

I ain't doing this to her. I'm quitting. 

But I'm gonna need all the help I can get. Getting through the first week wont be that hard, as I am quitting next monday, when I'm leaving to climb the Mont Ventoux (A famous mountain that every cycler should take on, to call himself a climber). When I come back, I'm starting an internship. That shouldn't be to hard either.

But after that, trouble starts. First I'm leaving for Spain with my scouts for two weeks. Don't know how things go abroad, but here in a usual Belgian scouts group, when your kids have gone to sleep, there's a lot of drinking, and ofcourse a lot of smoking, till the sun comes up, rince and repeat.

And in August, I will have to retake (at least) four exams, due to not studying enough in the first semester! (Btw, why would you when going out is much more fun ;) )

How will I get through this shit? I need some help guys...

Thanks a lot for reading! We'll get through this together, I absolutely love all the support you show to eachother and I'm really eager to join the fun!


Ps: What should I do in the next week, "as preparation"? I still have two exams left, so don't want to go all out right now, but do you think I'll manage to go cold turkey next week?

Pps: Sorry for any inevitable spelling mistakes :)