Day 43: When Will My Mind Get Back to Normal?

Briefly, I recently turned 35 (m) and have been an at times a heavy smoker since I was about 19.  Since probably around 2009, I have been trying to quit smoking on a very regular basis, almost always caving in after three days or so of miserable cold turkey.  I am a lawyer, and the most common thing that has happened is that I would feel like shit, quit smoking, go 1-3 days feeling totally paralyzed by withdrawal, and then have an assignment that needed to get done, stay up all night completing my work and chain-smoking the whole time.  I repeated this pattern many times, and the consistent finding I have had is that my mind just does not work that well in withdrawal (frankly, a big deal in my profession).  This is the second longest I have ever gone without a cigarette.  The longest was for two months at the beginning of 2016.  At about the two-and-a-half month mark, my then long-term girlfriend suddenly canceled plans for us to move in together; while she made it clear she wanted to stay together, she said she had new concerns that made her not want to take the next step, in particular that I had been "distant."  This was a sudden shock that I did not handle well, ultimately giving her an ultimatum that either we go forward with our plans or we would break up.  So, we broke up, I of course started smoking again, and I honestly still have not fully gotten over the disappointment.  (I truly loved her, and I wish I had just stuck through whatever she needed, however I am also quite certain that the effects of me quitting smoking where what caused the problems -- she was shocked to see my personality changed and withering away).  On a lesser scale, I could point to many times where not "being myself" during a quit has caused me serious personal problems.  SO, now I am at 43 days, and since I am single no one is around to run away, but I am still struggling as always. Way easier now than in the first days, of course, and I feel ZERO urge to smoke, and I have even resolved myself to that my work might just have to be harder and a bit more half-assed for a while, BUT when will this end?  For example, I find myself obsessing over reading news on my phone (i.e., zoning out), flat affect, low energy -- there is just less going on in my mind.  Vigorous exercise does make a huge difference, when I can muster the focus and resolve to get to the gym.  Any personal experiences?

tl;dr Quit smoking 43 days ago.  My mind is still going through withdrawal, e.g., flat affect, lack of focus, I feel sort of dumb.  In your experience, when did you feel like your mind was back to normal? 