The struggle is REAL.

Hi, everybody!

I finally decided to stop lurking and make a post of my own...  My apologies for the length.



So, I am beyond frustrated.  A little context: I'm 32 and have been a smoker since age 15 (just typing that grosses me out).  I have quit multiple times over the years, but never for more than a couple months at the most.


The most recent time was last December, when I went to visit relatives for the holidays and didn't smoke for a week.  I was fine.  It wasn't hard.  I just... didn't smoke!  Then I came home and immediately bought a pack, barely thinking twice about it.


A few weeks ago, I traveled out of state for work and spent five days in the company of non-smokers.  I found that I smoked far less than I usually do and didn't even miss it.  In fact, I was painfully self-conscious about being the only person to be stepping outside to smoke.  It was lame.


But still, I remain constantly awed by how powerful the compulsion is.


On Sunday night of this week, I said I was quitting on Monday.  I made it to sundown and caved.  Last night, revolted and furious with myself, I said I am smoking my last cigarette and will try again tomorrow.


This morning I could already feel a dull ache in my chest and the tenderness of my lungs.  I passed through the cravings with deep breathing and meditation.  I watched my QuitIt app.  I ate well and stayed hydrated.  And...  I lasted 16 hours.  That’s including sleeping time.  16 hours!!  Pathetic.  God help me, I am smoking right now and I must admit I hate myself for it.  I just kind of figured, fuck it, already cracked, might as well.  Punishing myself, I suppose.


I am feeling so weak and defeated.  I have made lists of all the reasons why I want to quit.  I gained some weight in the last year and have forced myself to exercise so that I could feel the effects and motivate myself to stop smoking (I am also part of a performing dance troupe).  I have told my friends I was quitting so that I would be accountable.  A couple weeks ago, I even got a couple people to quit with me – then we all fell off the wagon together.  I try to force myself to taste each puff that I smoke so I remember how disgusting it actually is, but invariably fall back into the habit of holding my breath while I inhale (I don't know how else to describe it) so that I don't really get the full effect of the taste.  I am aware that I derive no pleasure whatsoever from cigarettes.


I know that continuing to smoke is exactly like staying in an abusive relationship.  I know how cigarettes are made and all the nasty, freaky shit that is in them.  I know what my lungs look like.  I have stalked this forum, big time.  I've read hundreds of posts to pump myself up.  I've also read Allen Carr's book - both the full text AND the illustrated version - multiple times over the last few years.  I've watched the video.  I have done the 'last cigarette' ritual so many times that I am afraid I'm desensitized to it.


I used to be a singer.  Not anymore, but I miss it.  My brother died of cancer, and here I am giving myself cancer every damn day.  I have every reason in the world to not smoke and then some, but I keep doing it.  Smoking (and quitting smoking) consumes my thoughts.


What am I not getting???  I keep thinking that there is this *one thing* that will make it all click for me.  I'm tired of feeling like a great big fucking loser because I can't resist the compulsion.  God help me, I am smoking right now.  It feels so desperate and sad.  I convince myself not to care.  I have learned how to do this with terrifying efficiency.


I've been watching this sub for a while and have been amazed at the level of support and true sense of community present here, and it inspired me to make an account just so I could post this.


I am hoping against hope that perhaps a lack of solidarity is the thing that I've been missing...

Oh, good people of /r/stopsmoking, please be kind enough to help me!  I am at a loss.