I quit after years of trying and wanted to share my experience.

one package a day (20s) for 14 years, I quit this way:

1.-  I meditated about the subliminal messages. they are supposed to be incomprehensible masterpieces of mind control. but the truth is, the message is that very thing! "this is an incomprehensible masterpiece of mind control that is more powerful than me" and understanding that lie, is the first step to quit. (everyone trying to tell you otherwise is polluting you)

2.- I quit the cigarette, replacing it with e-cigs, with the purpose of getting used to the e-cig instead of the tobacco. after a few months, the smell of tobacco smoke started to annoy me. (that was a good thing!)(by this moment I was super addicted to e-cigs, smoking the equivalent of 2 tobacco packages a day)

3.- I started to realize some rituals that I associated to tobacco that does not need tobacco to be done. like for example getting fresh air outside. Its ironic how you use the tobacco excuse to get fresh air outside. and many other rituals like that. (even to poop (crazy thing that tobacco)).

4.- then I started doing those rituals without vaping, or vaping less. (the good thing about vaping is you don't have to smoke the whole cigarrette every time; you can just pull two tokes and you're good.) (I dont know how to say "fumadas" in english, so I say tokes. is it pulls? whatever.).

5.- I stopped counting how much times do i smoke in the day. I just tried to smoke less but without sweating it.

6.- after weeks like that there was one day I didn't smoke, (because I got a cold and didn't wanted to smoke)

7.- the next day at noon I realized I didn't smoke for like 30 hours! so I made a decision to quit that day.

8.- I didn't tell anyone nor posted it anywhere nor downloaded any quitting app or nothing. I just evaded every thought about smoking.

9.- It's been approximately a year since that day (I don't even have record of the day I quit.)

10.- end. (I'm really happy of my decision, I don't even miss it) BUT (I had the urge to smoke after a month but made all I could to avoid thinking of that by distracting on something else).

Conclusion: I tried to quit for years, and learned through the whole process. to:
1.- don't tell anyone. (because the mind mess you up and make you weak when you tell someone).
2.- don't count days! because that just make you think of smoking.
3.- don't download quit apps because they remind you about the cigarette.
4.- distract yourself on something else when the craving arrives, after 5 minutes of distraction, the craving will fade.
5.- decide to take down those motherfucking cigarettes. They are an enemy that is making fun of your mind. you're not a puppet. you are stronger than those cancer tubes. and you will quit because you are you.
good luck
p.s. sorry for my bad English, it's not the language of my country.
and remember, cigarettes are just an issue, don't get desperate, work on your freedom one step at a time.