Why I'm leaving this subreddit and why I think others should see this post.

Here is a caveat about this: THIS SUBREDDIT CAN BE EXTREMELY HELPFUL.

I have never been a heavy smoker.  I have been a 1 cigarette a day smoker for a while and haven't had more than 1 a day for a long time.That being said, kicking the 1 per day has been very difficult for me.  Surfing this subreddit, I felt a little like the odd one out.  However, every post I have made has been met with support from everyone here.  That being said, seeing all the posts about smoking makes me want a cigarette.  I would see posts and it would remind me how I haven't had one yet or how it's been X number of days.  For me, this didn't help me  I see how this subreddit helps so many people and that is great; kick the beast and get away from cigarettes.  I can only support you in that endeavor.

I left one cigarette in my pack; I still have an upside down lucky smoke.  I find comfort in knowing it is there.  But thinking about how I haven't had one in X number of days drives a desire and want for me to have one.  But not seeing all the posts about cigarettes has helped me.  I stopped having it on my front page and I have found success since then.

I guest what I'm trying to say is that if there is anyone else like me; I don't want you to feel guilty if you need to unsubscribe from this subreddit.  Find what is going to help you to quit and roll with it.  The important thing and the goal is not necessarily to track yourself; it's to find what works for you and get yourself away from smoking.  When it comes down to it, that's the end game right?  So do what you need to do, and find your way to kick the habit.  You need to try different things until you find what is going to make you successful.

I wish everyone the best as we end our addiction.  You can, we can, and we will; end our addiction and walk away happier, healthier, and better than we were when we took that first drag.  Thank you to everyone who has shown me support; I hope that I can pay that forward.