I started six months ago and I already lost control, help me please

Hello, I'm 21, I'm from France, I started to smoke back in july because I was finding relief in it during some hard times. I almost only smoke cigarillos, because for some reasons I liked the taste more and I liked the style. I started with a maximum of 5 a day, eventually reaching up to 20 before forcing me to come back to an average of 7 a day.
I smoke it like an idiot, meaning I actually did inhale the smoke like a normal cigarette. I was also kidding myself by thinking cigarillos were less bad for your health (they aren't if inhale the fumes at least). Because it is much stronger than actual cigs I feel like I became heavily addicted to it, and now I can't stop, It's like I'm playing tricks on myself.

I know that starting to smoke was a terrible idea to have, especially when it seems like it's in my familly's traditions to die from it. I'm also a singer, and uncontrollable cough during a concert is not really the best trip. Plus I'm actually broke as fuck and smoking is crippling my budget.

I tried many times to stop or reduce, but I can't believe the kind of convoluted plans I'm able to come up with when it comes to finding something to smoke. Like if I could be this dedicated to anything else in my life I'd already have two nobel prizes and a villa on Mars. You could throw me in the middle of a desert at midnight handcuffed and without any money and it seems that I would still be able to find something to smoke.

When my bank account is at zero I still find a way to smoke. I tried giving my pack to someone else to control my urges. Yeah, doesn't work. I tried it in italy and managed to deduce how to ask for cigarettes in italian a few minutes after I felt like smoking. I would sometimes wake up at 6 am to get in my car and drive to the tobacco shop as soon as they open .

I decided to try to stop at least for a day yesterday. I smoke everything I had before going to sleep (not that much, actually 3 cigs) and when I woke up didn't go buy some more. I almost managed to control myself until the shop was closed when my mom asked me to go there for her lottery tickets (she didn't know I was trying to stop). I didn't say a thing, went there, made up a shitty excuse about how I should try to make a pack last 4 days, and came back with marlborros.

I smoke like 5 of them before trying something. I gave the pack to my mother, asking her to only give it back to me tomorrow. I managed to stand seven hours before starting to smoke old butts I found in my ashtray. An hour ago I stole a pack I found in my dad's stuff and already smoke two, and I'm currently trying to force myself not to smoke another one.

I can't keep doing this, I'm so fucking stupid, and I'm appaled to realise how little willpower I have. It's like as soon as I feel the urge I stop thinking and do whatever in need to in order to smoke. Shit, this is tobacco, not heroin.

Anything you could say to help getting me out of there would be greatly apreciated. Sorry for the wall of text.