Smoker for 8 years, have drastically cut down (almost stopped?) but often I cheat/slip. Any suggestions?

Hello all! I've been lurking around these pages for a while now, reading some of the wonderful experiences shared by others. Today I have a bit of my own. 

About a month ago, I decided I would stop smoking. I have been a smoker (about 10 cigarettes a day) for the last 8 years... perhaps not as much as many other long time chain smokers but still a grave issue personally, to say the least.  (<-- in case there's misunderstanding, I'm only trying to argue that for me, my smoking is as bad as it can get... it doesn't have to be many packs a day, does it? To call yourself a problem smoker? I'm not aiming this statement against the few/many-packs per day smokers, please!)

Recently, I began feeling many of the negative health/social effects on smoking, and since I am associated with the Health sector, it really was creating a lot of cognitive dissonance for me as well, as in what I believed and what I did, didn't match. The health effects were the cough and easy fatiguability, plus headaches and anxiety/increased heart rate/blood pressure, but what really affected me were my sensitive teeth -- they hurt to the point I was worried of multiple tooth loss. 

I finally got around to reading Allen Carr's Easy Way and it helped me quite a bit, to get my head around the whole "nicotine monster" and how I could face the cravings and let them go, just observing mindfully and not acting on them. A little bit of youtube hypnosis/meditation videos on the side. 

But I have a couple issues. Apart from the fact that there still are some triggers that make me smoke, like a day with heavy workload, when I'm tired, when I drink alcohol; I live with 2 other guys who are smokers and who wont necessarily have much consideration for me trying to quit. 

Now I believe that it should be possible to quit even when you are around smokers (at least I have my own room), but often, I get so mad that they are smoking without concern for my efforts, sometimes the hallway is totally smelling of smoke, etc, that I, well, it weakens my resolve. I play a psychological game with myself, trying to empathize with their smoking, in that they are as of yet unable to do as much as I am trying, to opt for a healthier lifestyle, but its easier said than done I've felt. 

Allen Carr says to never ever use anything with nicotine, not once, not one puff, after deciding you quit. I decided, with a fairly strong resolve, about 3 weeks earlier that I had had my last cigarette ever. But that failed -- I can see why Allen Carr advises you to not just try to cut down (near impossible for drug addictions)... and never to take even one puff. Because then you fail (the nicotine monster strikes back and takes control) and loose more of your confidence and strength required to not smoke, and end up not-quitting, again. 

After deciding that I have quit it forever (putting up notes everywhere in my room, etc), I had 7 whole days of cigarette-free experience and man it felt good! But then later, I have had 4-5 days when I smoked 1-2 per day. And 2 days I smoked binge (this was with alcohol). I know I am down by a lot, the number of cigarettes I have smoked in the past 3 weeks is what I would smoked in 3 days, before I thought of stopping. But my resolve has been broken. How does one pick himself up from something like this and get back? Allen's book doesnt have much on this. Should I think I'm again new to quitting and read his book again?

What helps you guys to keep track of your smoke free days and not let yourself slip/cheat? Apps? Calendars? Meditation? 

I really want to quit and I feel that I can, even with people around me smoking all the time. I feel I just need something-- more support, guidance, another book, video, I dont know... something. 