Dealing with a parent that smokes irresponsibly, who won't cut down or quit

I am at a loss...

So I am home for awhile because I am on my last semester of college and I only have one online class.

My parents both smoked until last year when Dad stopped breathing and his heart failed 3 times and was on a breathing tube for over a week, he almost died so he quit.

Mom still refuses to quit saying that she has, "no will power." She refuses to try methods for various excuse reasons. "I'll swallow the gum," "the patch is too strong," "I can't focus enough to be hypnotised," and "I can't take the pill because of my depression."

She tried to stop once many years ago, before I was born but Dad was a jerk and  kept blowing smoke in her face.

She has smoked since she was a teenager and she's 62. She smoked all throughout her pregnancy and I was 3 months premature, 3lbs, and have really bad asthma. I mention this could be because she smokes yet she refuses to believe it because she "cur back to just smoking lights when she was pregnant."

She has started a bad habit of falling asleep standing or sitting in the kitchen with a cigarette. Two days ago she fell asleep on her hand with the cigarette in it and started to burn her hair, it was smoking!

Her pills make her fall asleep anywhere, so she has even fallen asleep in places such as the toilet. The common denominator is that she always has a cigarette when she does it. She's burned so many holes into our chairs and floor, and her own clothes.

Last night she fell asleep standing up at the sink smoking, I'm afraid she's going to hurt herself or burn the house down - and we have no house insurance.

About 10min after finishing the previous one she wanted to light up another one.

I pleaded with her to just go to sleep, told her its healthier anyways, not smoking right before bed - especially when she is supposed to sleep with oxygen on but doesn't.

She refused, and even hid her cigarette in her pocket so she could go smoke it in our tiny bathroom.

I knew she hid it and I got mad, yeah I probably should not have yelled but she had been making me mad all say dor various stuff and it just came out of me.

She absolutely refused to put it down and I tried to tell her that I wish she would stop smoking because it doesn't just affect her but all of us. (I get constant sinus infections from it), I told her I wish she would take care od herself better because I'd like her to be alive long enough so my future kids could have a Grandma.

She still refused, I got mad and yelled, which I shouldn't have but she was being ridiculous. She is depressed so she would say things like "I don't want to live that long," and things along that line.

When I mad at her that time she pulled out her phone and threatened to call the cops on me if I didn't leave her alone about it. She said "then you'll never have a career!"

I can't believe she would threaten to call the police on me over this, also threaten my future career just so she can smoke!?

I have no idea what to do about this situation. It's not like I was trying to keep her from all her cigarettes last night, I just wanted her to smoke one less and be safe.

What should I do about this situation?

TL;DR:
My Mom has a multitude of physical and mental health problems. She has smoked since she was 17, Dad smoked too but almost died last year so he quit. Mom falls asleep smoking and burns her hair, the chairs, the floor, and her clothes. Tried to get her to put the last cigarette of the night away since she could not keep her eyes open. She refused, we got into an argument and she tried to call the police on me.

Edit: She also refuses to use an electric cigarette or vapor. She owns both but will not use them because they "make her cough," but her actual cigarettes do too...I have also tried to introduce her to new hobbies but there is always an excuse for those too.
