Day 24 - Chat with me about NRT &amp; Nicotine Withdrawal [30sF]

This is my third and final quit through 15 years of pack a day smoking. 

This one is so much harder than the others in surprising ways. 

&amp;#x200B;

The emotional element is like BenzoWithdrawal-Lite - tantrums, irritable about noise and very sensitive to other's opinions and attentions. The physical stuff is the wan, tired feeling and insomnia at night.  Past quits (5 years ago) were just a flu-like feeling for a few days and then avoiding random cravings until I didn't have them anymore. 

No cigarettes since 12/20. Used a Juul for about 10 days but was very annoyed with the fact that they cost me MORE than sticks and I was sucking that thing dry every day! One of the perks to quitting was saving money and that wasn't happening at all with the Juul. Bye bye!

My neighbor gave me 4 of the 21mg patches for support. I  assumed this would support my taper because the Juul pod appears to have 2x that amount of nicotine in it. I also heard they put nicotine + other chemicals that are in cigarettes.

I'm on the last patch today and I'm worried about what I can do to avoid the embarrassing meltdown. I had one two days ago after having no patch on for 12 hours. I REALLY don't want to spend another dime on this but I'm tempted to go get the gum, so at least I can put out spot fires that may pop up. 10 weeks of patches just feels expensive and very slow to me. 

I've always been a taper to quit type, so I'm ok with a gradual release approach. My goal is to get all of these chemicals out of my body for good without having a mental breakdown and relapsing. 

&amp;#x200B;

Today I downloaded the App Smoke Free because I needed support and an affirmation. It says I've spent 40 hours of life so far NOT smoking. Wow. Just wow. Highly recommend the app and the missions were just what I needed to get my head back on straight. 

&amp;#x200B;

How are you all making it so far today? What's coming up for you in your quit plan? Any changes? Any advice for me? 

Here to chat! 

&amp;#x200B;