Panicking over quitting?

So I got a prescription for Chantix last month. I've smoked since I was in high school, so about 17-18 years now. I have struggled to quit again and again, and I hate that I just keep failing to quit. I'm actually very worried about taking Chantix, due to the possibility of psychological effects. Doesn't really do me any good to quit if I kill myself, right? I've had the little box for a few weeks now, but I've been avoiding it. I'm worried the side effects might interfere with my everyday life.

However, I had the same quitting anxiety every other time I tried, so the pills aren't the only thing causing it. I just don't know what causes it... I hate smoking, and at this point, it's as much a source of shame as it is a relief to get the nicotine. Maybe I'm anxious about failing again? I don't know.

I do know one concern I have is the fact that I don't really have any support. I come from a family of smokers, and I'm not really telling them that I'm trying to quit. When I've tried to quit in the past, they've been the worst about it. Sure, they'll say the words, and pretend to be supportive, but then they'll actually smoke around me more, and start in with the comments... God forbid I get cranky over something, even if it's completely justified, all I'll hear is that I need a cigarette or what a b!t@h I've been since I've been trying to quit. If I slip up and say that I really want one, I've never once heard, "Well, you're doing so good, why would you want to mess that up?" Nope, it's, "Here, have one of mine." It took me awhile to realize that they're the kind of smokers who needs other smokers, either to keep people off their backs about quitting or to justify the fact they haven't. But I can't cut off from my family for however long, it hasn't worked in the past, so I'm thinking my best bet is just to keep it to myself until I quit. 

Not the best option, I know. But I want this to work this time, and going by previous failed attempts, I think it's probably my best bet in this situation. So I'd appreciate it if we can just skip past the suggestions to cut people out... I've tried, the options are limited, and trying to avoid them tends to turn into a much more stressful situation, which in turn has ruined attempts to quit. 

What has been anyone else's experiences with Chantix? I'm just going to go ahead and start on it, because I tried to do the quit date before starting Chantix, and that was just a disaster (and contributed to me not starting it yet). Also, does anyone have advice for being around smokers when you're trying to quit? As in, it's not always going to be avoidable. The only thing that seemed to help in the past was sucking on a straw, but that also starts up with ending up being made fun of (yes, I know it's messed up). Also, has anyone ever had to deal with other people actively trying to undermine their attempts to quit, especially their family members?

I'm not even sure of how to go about trying to smoke in this situation. Right now, I'm kind of just winging it, and hoping once I cut down (I'm over a pack a day now), I'll be better able to set my mind to when I can or should quit. I don't know if that will make me more likely to fail, though. My mother was on chantix and didn't quit (but she also never once tried to even cut down on them, I think it reduced her three-pack a day habit down to 1-1.5 packs, but she never even tried to set a quit date or anything). 

I know I need to quit. I hate everything about them now. But I'm ridiculously stressed about quitting, which is actually making me smoke a little bit more. Any advice on how to up my chances of success here?