I think it's time...

Hi everyone.

I was driving home today from the grocery store and was so disappointed to realize that my pack was much lower than I had thought it was. I'm running a little low on cash and paying $9 for another pack that I'll just need to replace again tomorrow is draining my bank account so fast. On my drive home I thought that it might be time to just quit.

I know I need to and that thought has been rolling around in the back of my head for some time, but it's time to make it a priority.

I started smoking when I was 18 and working in restaurants. At the time, smoke breaks felt like the only way to actually socialize with people. Smoking became a normalized practice when most of my friends in my late teens and early 20s smoked. Most of our social activities revolved around drinking, smoking, and roaming around. I don't exactly know when I was truly hooked and when it stopped being purely social, but it did. 

Now my social circles have changed. I'm in grad school and am increasingly rubbing shoulders with important people and smoking is so isolating now! Not only am I pouring a huge amount of money into a habit that is literally killing me, but there's such a stigma surrounding smokers. I feel like I'm always sneaking around and I'm always worried that my professors will catch me... or smell me (which I'm sure they do). 

I know these reasons (money and social pressure) might seem a little misguided, but they're mine. Even knowing all of the awful physical effects of smoking, that doesn't scare me as much (youthful ignorance for ya). Regardless, I need to make this change. 

Things I'm looking forward to:
1. Being active and not worrying about being out of breath!
2. Saving money!
3. More energy!
4. No more sneaking around campus and hiding from the judging eyes of my colleagues!

So with that in mind, does anyone have any tips to help make this transition as smooth as possible?

Thanks for reading and I'm looking forward to being a part of this community!