Halfway to quitting!

I started smoking at 18, gradually working my way up to ~25 cigs a day. Nine years later I started my new year with resolutions to improve my overall health. I had three resolutions: quit smoking, start (and continue to) working out, and quit drinking. The highest priority is quitting smoking but I wanted to replace it with something healthy--working out--and in my past attempts I've learned that drinking was a sure fire way of failing at my quitting attempt. Thus, I've quit drinking altogether for this year. 

In the past I've tried cold turkey, nicotine gum, nicotine patches, and e-cigs but none have remotely worked for me. I've gotten the closest to quitting through the weaning off method. Each time I've learned some new things and this time I'm very confident in myself. I will save you the details but this is what is definitely helping me this time. Not drinking is by far the most helpful. Each week I calculate how much I saved by not smoking and put that into my quit smoking jar. Once I quit I'll keep doing this for 6 months and should have ~$1,600 to blow on whatever I want for funsies. I also allot myself one "free" cigarette per day for when shit hits the fan and I'm stressed out but 7 weeks in I've only taken advantage of this once. Finally, I schedule each cigarette with a 1.5 hour "window" to smoke it and slowly increase the time between cigarettes each week. If I miss a cigarette for whatever reason I don't get to smoke it; I missed the window. 

In the past I've learned that about half way through quitting, I start coughing a shit ton and it sucks. Well I'm halfway through and I'm starting to cough a ton. I know it's part of the recovery process and totally worth a few months of coughing over everything else long term. 

Anyway, I'm glad I found this sub a number of months ago and have been able to lurk to see so many people succeed in quitting and to see the support for those who struggle. Keep up the good work and I hope I can join the ex-smoker club in 8 more weeks!