First day down, some weird side effects.

I finished my first smoke free day about twenty minutes ago.  In a lot of ways it was a lot easier than I expected, and in other ways it was more interesting than I thought it would be.

Physical symptoms of withdrawal were pretty slight.  I think I was braced for worse because I am also a recovering alcoholic/addict and those withdrawals were bad.  Really bad.  I had a slight headache, and at times felt a bit nauseated.  Nothing too terrible.

Emotional symptoms were something I hadn't really prepared for.  I don't know why, I should know by now that feelings pretty much come with everything.  There has been a sort of floating, disconnected anxiety all day.  Sometimes worse, sometimes just a vague uneasiness.  At times it has been difficult to breathe.  I believe it is a subconscious reaction to the missing action as well as the missing chemicals.  I find myself reaching for things that are no longer there and becoming pretty severely disappointed by that when I realise.

Weirder than the emotional parts though, is an unusual mania - laughing for no good reason at things that aren't in any way funny.  Rambling when speaking and going off on tangents - I was talking about eating a hippo earlier without any real connection to anything that was going on.  On top of this I have been having hallucinations, or rather pseudo-hallucinations as I am fully aware that it is visual/auditory malfunctioning, not reality.

I am currently operating under the assumption that the hallucinating is merely an amplification of something that I always deal with which is a result of fairly heavy drug use and abuse in the past.  Knocking nicotine and whatnot out is messing with the chemistry up there in my head and I think these side effects will recede to my normal state of not quite normal once everything settles down.  At least I hope so.  

Anyway, just writing this to get it out.  To think it through at the end of the day and clear it away because tomorrow's another day.  