Smoked my last cigarette on Wednesday, thanks to my son

My wife and I both smoked until this week. 

When we met I had already quit for a couple years but she was an occasional smoker and very quickly we both enabled each other back to a pack a day or more between the two of us. It was our break from the kids, our cool down from a fight and our morning routine. With two small kids, you carve out the together time where you can. For us it became smoke breaks. Some nights the promise of a pack of American Spirits waiting on the back patio was the only thing that got us through a turbulent bed time. Other days it was the first thing I looked forward to coming come from work for lunch. 

Last week my 5yo son showed me the cigarette emoji on the old iPhone I let him play with. He said "I was looking out the window at you and (step Mom) having alone time, and I saw you [pointing at emoji]. 

I always tried to hide my smoking from my kids. I scrubbed my hands and face every time I smoked. Patio doors are not to be opened during alone time. I grew up in a strongly anti tobacco family and have always smoked with a healthy amount of shame. 

So when he showed me that emoji, I was wrecked. I smoked three more cigarettes that day, wallowing in self hatred. Then I charged the vape I bought a month earlier and threw the empty pack away. I know nrt goes against the Alan Carr method but it's getting me through. I even went to the bar the day after I quit (wife's birthday) surrounded by smokers and felt no urge at all to join them. I'll taper off the percentage quickly and lose the vape altogether soon. 

For now my wife and I are still taking breaks together when we can, vaping like the millennial scum that we are. But now we don't have to scrub our hands when we come inside, or worry smoke is wafting in through an open window. 

I have complete confidence I will never smoke another cigarette again, and it all came down to a shift in mindset. When I tried to quit before, I was mourning the loss of cigarettes like they were something to be given up. But I have absolutely nothing to lose by not smoking and everything to gain. If you're reading this thinking about quitting, you can. Just decide that it's time. Smoke your last and rejoice. 

TL;Dr my son guilt tripped me into quitting. Embrace the shame and you can too.