4 Days.

Hi,
it's my first time posting anything on reddit and I guess this is the right place to start. 

A bit of context first : I've been smoking for 16 years now (started at 19, 35 yo now) and I already tried to stop at least a dozen times several years ago; 
I've tried nicotine patches, gums, pills, willpower, nothing seemed to work, mainly due to me not wanting to stop. I was dating a pharmacist girl at the time and it made sense she wanted me to stop, so it was more of a "I'm doing this for you"-thing than anything else.

Anyway, since the beginning of this year I've become conscious my health has started to seriously decline, I can't walk a kilometer without feeling exhausted and every day I feel my throat hurting more and more as the night approaches from smoking 30+ cigarettes a day. 

So Monday morning, I had one last cig in my pack, smoked it while drinking my morning coffe, went to work and decided not to buy another pack.
 
The whole first day went really well, keeping busy, talking to colleagues about their experience, and I really felt like I was going to nail it and it was going to be way more easy then a few years back.

I was terribly wrong. 

The minute I entered my car to drive back home I began to crave my "driving-home" cigarettes  -I usually smoke two on the way home -. 
Then I arrived home, it hit me again, the "coming-home" cigarette with my girlfriend, talking about our respective days. And the after-dinner one, the "between episodes" of the TV show we're watching ones, ...

Anyway, I guess these cravings will eventually disappear but It has now been almost four days that I've stopped and I feel horrible. 
My biggest fear is having to go through months of cravings and failing due to one weak moment. Everyone tells me it becomes easier but I realize now how my whole life, all my daily routines are built around my cigarette-habits; it's kind of depressing to notice.

I know I may sound a bit whiny, espescially as an adult male, but it's really hard to accept the fact that I feel so weak against such a ridiculous small tube-shaped thing. 

Well, I'm not used to talk about myself, it feels good just talking about it to people who have been or may be going through the same stuff as I.

Oh, as you probably noticed, English is not my native language.