Update: Quit 3 years ago today. Was a 2 pack a day smoker for over 21 years. How I become nicotine free

Hey yall.  Thought I'd stop by and say hey.  First things first.  Quitting smoking was the hardest thing I've ever done in my life.  I grew up around cigarettes, and I had been smoking since I was 13.    


This is how I did it.  I'm just trying to be helpful.  I don't have all the answers, but I personally never thought that I'd quit and this is what worked for me.  

  
1. Nicoderm CQ 21 mg- All day every day/all night- take off to shower in the morning- apply new one-  For as long as it takes you to become hooked to the patch

2. Chantix 

3. Quit Chantix AS SOON AS YOU CAN

4. 100 days nicotine free

  
To get out of the actual habit part- I spent a year on the 21 Mg Nicotine patch.  I could have spent less time, I believe, but the generic brown patches are horrible, often not even having enough nicotine to last for 12 hours.  The Nicoderm CQ patches actually retained enough nicotine to keep me from having cravings.  I'd get sick if I took it off and had a cigarette within 3 hours of taking it off, so it became not even worth it to cheat and have a cigarette.  I did this for so long, I became more hooked to the Nicotine patch. Be prepared for some scary ass dreams in the beginning.  Look at them as your own personal horror movie, and you will then learn that you can control them.  I've even had some dreams that literally lasted for a week in an 8 hour dream.  It was crazy, and I kind of miss those dreams.. but I digress.  


I have had Chantix before, and Chantix is absolutely horrible for me.  It messed with my mind and I was a tad violent.  When I got to this part I warned my office, coworkers and friend.  The one thing that it does do is completely null the receptors to nicotine that even if you say "fuck it, I'm going to have a cigarette".. You don't get the feeling of relief after smoking.  Once I went two weeks on this godforsaken drug I quit it.  It took two weeks for me to stop being almost violently angry.  I had to use self control.  I don't know though that I could have gotten through my nicotine addiction without it though.  (If you have people in your life that like to pick on you.. do your best to stay far far away from them)

Then this is the hard part.  You are now nicotine free with no other resources.. I had an actual ache in my bones wanting a cigarette. It took 100 days for me to feel happy again.   For 99 of those days I was miserable, I was absolutely miserable, angry and hateful.  I never thought that I'd be happy again.  "How can I quit smoking?  I've always been a smoker.  It's who I am, it's who I will always be. I can't be me without having a cigarette break every hour or having nicotine stream through my system"   

Then literally on day 100, I felt like myself again.  Actually, I feel better than I've ever felt..  I hardly remember that I smoked so long until I get the notification each August.   


Look it's one of the most difficult things in the world.  

It's going to be hard, but seriously.. if I can do it, I promise you that you can.   


Good luck, and I hope that this helps at least one of you out there.