As I come around to my year anniversary of not smoking, I just have to say.. the first 100 days were the hardest.

I quit smoking 340 days ago.  I'm 36, have been smoking since I was 12, and was around a 2-3 pack a day smoker since birth.  
I did not think it could be done.. I was quite sure that it was just part of who I am.

Well after 4 years of being on and off the 21 mg patch (which did a really good job of ending the smoking routine), I decided that the only way I was going to be fully done was to take Chantix and then quickly quit Chantix after my second week of no nicotine.  
I got quite angry there for a while.. VERY ANGRY, I even posted about it here.. 
https://www.reddit.com/r/stopsmoking/comments/549v2q/35_smoking_since_12_on_day_33_off_chantix_for_7/

Proponalol was prescribed for me when I was just too anxious to function due to the constanst need from what my body was craving, but I didn't need to use it that often. 

But I stuck in there.  Well.. after day 100 I stopped having any pangs for anything.  I started to finally feel like myself, a person I wasn't familiar with without nicotine.  I didn't think I'd ever feel the way I felt when smoking again.  I felt that person was gone and I was just going to be an irrational jerk to everyone that I knew.  
Nope, after day 100, I started going back to myself.  I finally lost that constant need that I was feeling, (which was obviously for nicotine).  
Guys, it took me 100 days to feel normal... I feel just like I did when I was smoking.. but without the need to smoke every hour.  That whole (oh you shouldn't even want a cigarette after 3 days or two weeks is BS for many of us)

I never thought I'd be at this point.  I am now myself with no smoking which is a person I never thought I'd be. 

The thought of smoking doesn't sicken me like you hear people say.. it does bring back the memories of how I never ever want to go through those first 100 days of quitting again.  

You can do it. 

It's hard though.. its the most difficult thing that I've ever done.

