The Principle of Victory

For what it's worth, I'd like to share with you the one thing that I have come to believe to be the most important, indeed the decisive factor, gained through my study of Allen Carr and John R. Pollito, combined with my own introspection on this matter.  I've decided to call it The Principle of Victory and I'm sure it applies to all addictions.  It can be formulated in the following way:

The necessary and sufficient condition for being able to conquer an addiction is to prefer your existence, in the here and now, without the addictive substance, to your existence with it.  

What does that mean and what are its implications?  In no particular order, it implies:

No warnings about possible consquences to your health or any other aspect of your life in the future will help you conquer your addiction.

To conquer your addiction, you must focus on the negative ways in which it affects your life now, and how much better your life would be now, yes, right at this moment, if you did not suffer it.  In the case of cigarettes, your clothes would not smell, you would not feel so ashamed and ostracized, you would be part of the human race again, where you belong, instead of being forced into various corners, both literal and metaphorical.

The petty 'sting' of withdrawal is no match for the coherent, intelligent 'you', who knows what this is, this miniscule annoyance that, for at most 5 minutes, becomes a distraction, a major one only if you let it, and diminishes in power with each episode.  Do I, now, yes, right now, want to be beholden to this thing, and implicitly, to the evil bastards who make it, who - and let's not pussy-foot around this - peddle Death, who are worse by any measure than Hitler, Stalin, Chairman Mao and Pol Pot combined?   Except for one thing: unlike the victims of those mass-murderers, I have a choice: yes or no.  Yes?  Go ahead, choose it.  See how you feel about yourself right afterwards, indeed during it.  Are you really enjoying that cigarette?  Does the relief of the withdrawal symptoms truly compensate for how awful you now feel, fully aware of how you've just let yourself down?  No?  The sting remains but it will fade, soon.  Meanwhile, you are extending a defiant middle finger to people (I don't wish to encourage misanthropy here, only justified enmity towards those who freely chose to become part of an industry of genocide) who place lower value on your life than that of a battery hen.  Think about this.  Be outraged by it.  If you have already lit that thing - stamp it out as if you were stamping on them, and see how it feels, in the here and now.

That's all for now.     