617 days?! Holy crap, does time fly or what.

Hi guys, I was about to hit unsubscribe on this sub, then I thought I'd just give you all a shout. All's great here. 

I'm not addicted any more. It's tough to escape the addiction in the beginning, but trust me, you become more and more free after fighting for a while. The crucial period is 1 week. After 1 week, you can make it to 2 weeks, then a month, you're golden.

Now I never buy packs any more. When drinking with friends, I do take a stick or two, but that's all. I don't smoke during the day, during work etc, because I know that's how you become addicted. Never mix your stress with smoking. If you do, then you need a smoke every time you have a bad time.

It's the same with alcohol and other addictions I suppose, so my key message to you guys would be, don't mix stress and cigarette. That's how you get dependent and addicted. 

Good luck!

Edit: I'm getting some umms and hmms about saying that once in a blue moon I take a stick or two. I'd like to add some details that might clarify. Again, this is my personal experience, it doesn't have to fit with everyone's experience to be valid.

 * One thing I didn't mention was, I went on **cold turkey from day one for *an entire* year**. I did not touch a stick for a whole year. Maybe that helped to get it out of my system and break the control it had on me.
 * Smoking is less important to me than coffee or tea. I drink tea when I feel like it. 
I don't wake up and reach for tea. I don't drink tea while taking a dump. I don't wait anxiously for the next break to drink tea. Am I able to live without thinking about tea for weeks? Yup! I used to be like that when I smoked. I would quit, but suddenly I would walk into a shop and buy a pack, and hate myself for it. 
 * Now I don't care about it any more. I'm not even *trying* to quit any more. It's something out of my life - like a distant memory of a horrible possessive ex-girlfriend. I might meet her once in a while and catch up as friends, but oh no, I don't need that shit in my life any more!
