Really trying to kick vaping, but nothing seems to stick (with TL;DR)

Started smoking late 2017, instantly realised what I was doing to my body and kicked it with nicotine gum late 2017/early 2018. From then on I stuck with nicotine gum, but took a trip and fell back into the habit for the week I was away. Started vaping. Vaped for around 4 months until I went away again, midway through 10 day trip I fell back again and smoked cigs. Smoked once or twice after I got back and then kicked it with vaping and gum. Basically vaped until around Oct/Nov when I kicked it again and stuck with gum, and only a few months ago I had quit nicotine entirely. 

FF to around 6 weeks ago, I was going on a trip again and didn’t wanna risk picking up the bad habit, so just as harm reduction I took a juul type thing with me (not juul, called a logic compact).  Now I’m heavily addicted to that and even 6mg gum isn’t helping me kick it. I have to do stuff and my brain just isn’t turned on without using the juul, and the gum isn’t cutting it right now. I’ve been trying to limit myself to using it only once a day or so but then I run out and I’m like a crack addict. I really need some advice and some tips on what I can do to simply wake my fucking brain up, because even though vaping may not be as harmful, it definitely still affects my lungs and breathing and I don’t wanna do it, but it’s like I need it to function. My brain simply doesn’t work without it. I don’t even get hunger pangs or cravings, it’s like my brain activity is so low I don’t even want to eat. If anyone can offer any advice for just jump-starting my brain in the morning and waking me up, any kind of alternative substances (non addictive)/vitamins/drinks whatever, I’d appreciate it, and any general advice. Because just like everyone else I want to rid myself of this. In the long run of things it’s only been about 1.5/nearly 2 years since I started inhaling things into my lungs other than air and I just want to quit before I get too far ahead and hopefully not have health issues in the future. 

TL;DR: can’t kick a vaping habit, my brain doesn’t function when I don’t use it and I feel so much fatigue I can’t do anything, need other tips so I can wean myself off and quit