Almost 2 weeks now! How I did it.

I had been smoking for close to ten years. The first few years it was maybe a pack a month if that. Then maybe a half a pack most days for 5-6 years. The last year or two I was up to a pack a day. Some days more others less. 

I decided that I really want to transform my life for the better including giving up smoking. I stopped cold turkey. Before I thought that would be too hard and that gradually cutting back would be the way to go. 

But I always gave in with trying to reduce my smoking. Cold turkey is often what I hear is the best way to go and for me it was. The first few days weren't easy. I tried to keep myself busy. 

I started working out more. Cleaning, decluttering and just channeling my energy on self-improvement rather than focusing on my stress and worries while smoking. 

After a few days I could feel my lungs starting to heal. My chest felt heavy, but I could tell it was getting better and my body wanted me to stop. Anytime I had a craving, I would tell myself my lungs will feel better, and my skin will improve if I quit. That I'll save money that can go toward better things and all the other benefits. 

After a week or so I could feel a dramatic improvement on breathing. It wasn't back 100% but enough to give me more energy. Slowly I could smell and even taste better. In the past I would have sinus problems and assumed that it effected my sense of smell. 

Though I was wrong. I think it was largely due to smoking. The more I've been working out my sinuses would clear and I could breathe a bit deeper. I've been craving healthy foods. I believe it's probably nutrients my body needs to heal. 

My cravings have dropped a great deal. I admit that the last day or two I thought about just buying one pack. With the excuse that I'm dealing with a lot and could just have one here and there. But I haven't given in. When that happens I often go and work out. Window shop, run errands, or try to be somewhere I know I can't smoke. Which really has been helping. 

All the energy, time and even money I save has been going toward bettering myself dramatically. My face is starting to look younger and healthier. My eyes are now sparkling and clear. And it hasn't even been two weeks yet! If I'm doing this well now I can only look forward to all the positive things to come as time goes on. 