Stopped smoking after so many failed attempts. 6 days clean after 14 years of smoking.

For anyone struggling at the moment, keep going. Even if you fail, go back at it again. Few weeks ago I would've told you it is impossible to stop, even for a day, and I would've been so wrong.

I've been smoking for 14 years (half of my life). I tried quitting almost every year for the past 10 year, cold turkey, sheer will, nicotine gums, first e-cigs, reducing. Nothing worked. I was never able to be cigarette free longer than 6-7 hours. Plane flights longer than 4 hours would make me want to cry. I would take breaks during my gym sessions to go out for a smoke. It was bad.

Last week I was pondering over my situation. I would love to buy a new car, I wake up every morning feeling clogged, my current car smells like shit, my appartment smells like shit, I hate having to keep my window open all winter long because I can't stop smoking, I hate going out at 2am at -30 to buy cigarettes, I can barely walk fast and talk at the same time without needing to catch my breath and above all I hate being so controlled by something.

I decided to quit last Thursday after my last pack. I went and bought a vape. I started with 6mg and bought another 3mg. I started mixing them for a 4.5mg. It has been 6 days and I couldn't be happier. Until recently I didn't even think it would ever be possible.

So far in the last week I have experienced headaches, messed up sleep pattern, cold sweating, dreaming of smoking, thirst (I drink about 5L of water every day), drowsiness.

The vape alone helps, but it doesn't work by itself.  Morning cravings, coffee and after meal are by far my biggest triggers. To fight those, I started a fund to buy the car I want next year. I put all the money I would usually spend on cigarettes in there and when the vape isn't helping, I just look at my fund and how closer I am to my goal day by day. Also still hanging out with smokers helps a lot as well, because seeing them smoke affects me less and less every day.

I am starting to regain the taste, I can already breathe better and doing something I didn't think was possible made my confidence skyrocket. That alone is a huge motivation.