I think I am ready...

I've been smoking for about 16 years - the first four years were on and off, mostly off - I had a great group of friends who didn't smoke, so peer pressure worked in good ways for me. In college I made the incredibly stupid decision to walk to the corner store one night and buy a pack (Salem Ultra Lights - sexy). Ten years later, here I am. While smoking in any quantity is never good, ever - I have been described as an amateur smoker. Normal days I go for around 5 cigarettes, 10 on other occasions. I tend to smoke more when I drink, like most people. I also tend to smoke more when running errands, in the car. 

Saturday night was just one of those nights. I was drinking and smoking and having a fairly good time. I woke up the next morning feeling like crap. I couldn't tell if I was hung over, but my throat felt awful. I knew I had smoked a ton of cigarettes. This is combined with the bizarre cough I developed a few weeks ago - I'm fairly certain it's due to allergies, but it hasn't gone away (cue panic attacks). Even before Saturday, I've been cutting back because of this cough - around three per day. This week, since Saturday, it's been three over the course of five days. 

This tells me I CAN quit. In fact, I KNOW I can quit. I quit for 10 days while I had a wisdom tooth extracted. The threat of dry socket freaked me out so badly it overpowered my need for cigarettes. I was a nasty, irritated monster for those 10 days, but I am chalking THAT up to lack of food too. I keep reasoning with myself that smoking really does make me feel terrible. I get headaches, sometimes I even gag while smoking, I'm always out of breath, I always have sinus infections - this is NOT GOOD for me.

Yet, I think so much about what I will miss about smoking - sitting outside, chit chatting. The social part of it. The part that keeps me occupied in the car. Ranting about something trivial, waving a cigarette around in one hand and a wine glass in the other. Standing around places, talking, smoking. Long conversations over a million cigarettes and even more cups of coffee. Obviously, I can do all these things with out a cigarette in hand, but it makes it so much better.

Are all those things really worth it? When I was younger, I laughed in the face of cancer - I had the "it can't touch me, I'm invincible, because I'm 20 years old and nothing can touch me" kind of attitude. Now that I am older, it's more than just cancer that scares me - it's living with diseases like COPD (with emphysema), heart disease, ALL kinds of cancer. Blood clots! I want to be able to enjoy being retired when I am older, not have to drag an air tank around with me.

I'm not sure what I am looking for here. I feel better just getting this all off my chest. Any insight to what I have said is awesome, encouragement is beautiful, and any information is enlightening. Thank you.