what are some lesser-known/less-oft considered benefits of quitting, from your POV?

i'm on round 2, 24yo, only been smokin since 2013ish. have never smoked an entire pack in a single day, i think the most was probably 10 or 11 from drinking with friends. i've already set a quit date in smoke free and i know i want to stop because even though it doesn't control my life now it still annoys me that i'm throwing money away and i make my hands smell bad all the time.

i haven't had it too bad tbh, day 1 i had one, day 2 i woke up still feeling super optimistic and had 1, yesterday again still completely optimistic and i had 5 because i was out dancing with friends but it's 7pm day 4 and i haven't had any (and have made an agreement with my husband that i'll give him $70 if i do because my cravings are really never THAT intense and like i said, i'm ready to stop, i have no reason to keep doing it when my cravings are totally manageable). i quit for several months last year and the only reason i picked smoking back up was because i have so many coworkers who smoke and...idk, i was going through some emotional stuff a while ago and it felt good to connect with people and feel a part of a small community. i live overseas in a country where folks don't really speak english, so i really depend on interactions w my coworkers to feel like a person lol. and i dont go out much outside of work. fortunately i'm in a much better headspace now and i'm leaving my job soon! so there's really just no reason to keep doing it anymore.

anyway, since my cravings aren't that bad and i feel like i can totally quit no problem if i really stick to it, i just wanna know if there's anything my list of reasons to quit is missing. so that if/when cravings do come and they DO get intense, i'll have even more to focus on, even more reason to just say no. of course there's the obvious, i'll likely stop producing so much phlegm all the time, i won't get winded as easily anymore, i reduce my risk for a variety of diseases etc. it's just all got me thinkin - what else could i be missing? what else could further encourage me + others on this sub looking for inspiration to end the cycle? i have a few contributions but i'd love to hear everyone else's.

thanks a lot to everyone here for being so positive and encouraging, this is such a nice community to have access to and it feels very welcoming. i know i can do it and i know everyone else can too. and i love being able to celebrate everyone else's accomplishments here so y'all better keep up the good work!

tl;dr: there are lots of reasons to quit. what are yours personally, particularly if they aren't the ones people generally bring up when they talk about quitting?