Friend may have HIV. I quit smoking to get him to quit.

Story time, /r/stopsmoking. 

Been smoking for ten years. I've tried quitting in the past, but I always have an excuse to light another one. The first time I tried to quit, I left a pack on my mom's grave and promised that would be the last. Nope, broke that promise less than a week later. Then I'd get sick and say this is my last cigarette. Nope, I'd light one again as soon as I get better. It came to a point that I've convinced myself that I can quit any time I want, I just don't want it enough. 

Then there's my friend, one of my closest buddies, been with me through thick and thin. He's my party brother, a smoker too, heavy drinker like me. In the past, we've talked about the pursuit of pleasure (not happiness, because that's fleeting... some college level philosophy bullshit, let's not get into that). We agreed that that's what life is about. If not to pursue pleasure, then what's the point? We're all going to die anyway so why deny ourselves of what we want?

A few weeks ago, Friend invites me for a drink. We were getting drunk and finishing up our packs when he casually mentions that he got himself tested. The HIV rapid test thing, and initial results were positive. The clinic told him to come back in three weeks to verify the results, but the rapid tests were 99% accurate. This news shocked me but my friend seemed to be okay with it. He said he knew what he was getting into, that it was just a matter of time for him (pursuit of pleasure, see?). I wasn't okay with it. I told him that there's a difference between knowing the consequences of our actions and taking no precautions against it.

I told him I still loved him as a friend, and his condition doesn't change anything-- except healthwise. I told him he has to start taking care of himself, no more binge drinking nights, no more smoking! He said it wouldn't be easy, and I said it was. Right there and then I told him I've stopped smoking and he should too.

It's been three weeks now and I haven't had the urge to pick up a cigarette. I'm pretty surprised I lasted this long when I folded easily before. I keep checking on my friend and he says he hasn't smoked either (though we're drinking a whole lot of coffee these days). I've finally run out of excuses. We've come to realize that we do want to live longer and with that comes the moderation and precaution. 

Today's the day my Friend finds out if he really does have HIV. I asked if he wanted me to come with (he hasn't told anyone besides me, not even his family) but he says he wants to do it alone. Regardless of his results, I'm done with these death sticks. 

TLDR: Stop smoking. Have safe sex. Choose life, kids.  