It doesn’t sound like as much of a struggle as people go through here, but I started smoking at 15 and now at 17 I’ve made the decision to quit.

It’s dumb but I started smoking at 15, to be “cool”. I never really fit in much all my life and was bullied and whatever, you get the picture. I thought if I started drinking I could start to become popular, soon it turned into smoking, and all the rest (to my regret). 

I know it hasn’t been that long as I’m now only 17 but I’ve moved away and found better friendship and I’m in a better place than before (literally) as I moved away. 

I graduated and it got worse because I had nothing to do all day, and now I’m on the way to a great career I have worked hard for and working full-time and it’s even harder because so many people around me smoke and don’t care I do because I’m not a school kid anymore. My parents accept it and don’t mind, which I thought was a good thing but I wish they had been more strict about it (I don’t blame them for my actions).

No one really encourages me not to smoke, although they don’t actively support me doing it or encourage me to, don’t get me wrong I don’t expect them to.

Even though it’s easier than ever for me to smoke now that I have a substantial income (for me anyway), I just wish I couldn’t. 

I don’t really know how to describe it, it just makes me feel sad that I’m left with this addiction.

I don’t smoke nearly as much as many other people in the subreddit, a 40 pack is lasting about half a week, but it’s getting lesser every day. 

I can’t go cold turkey but I’ve brought a new packet tonight and allocated how many and when I can smoke a day (5).

It will be hard for me, but I think I can do it. I don’t really want to talk to my friends or boyfriend about it that much because I’m embarrassed. 

Sorry for the long post, but writing this out made me feel better and helped me understand why I get these feelings of sadness when I think about my addiction.

If you read through this,  thank you, and if you are on the subreddit you are most likely thinking of quitting too and I really hope you do - or continue to because I’m not sure if I will be able to. 

I’m not sure how to end this post, but I hope that I’m welcome in this community being so young and if I can manage to quit I will hopefully be back often.

