Severe Nicotine Withdrawals

So I've been through one hell of a ride since Thursday.  
 

Thursday morning I had all 4 wisdom teeth pulled. Was given a Norco,  Ibuprofen, Amoxicillin, and a mouth rinse. The night before is when I  had my last nicotine pouch(It's a brand called Zyn and it contains 6mg  of nicotine per pouch).  
 

Friday I take the Norcos and ibuprofen as prescribed and I had my first  cup of coffee in 2 days. A few hours later I get a random panic attack  and get so close to calling an ambulance. Shortness of breath, racing  heart beat, nausea. This night would be the worst night I've ever had in  my life. My heart rate, restlessness, and shortness of breath would all  give me 0 minutes of sleep that entire night. In the early morning I  decide to call an advice nurse. At this point I'm not thinking about  nicotine withdrawals at all, but the possibility of a reaction to my  medication. She thought it might be the Norco and caffeine I had mixed  together. Friday night comes and I get 4 hours of sleep, again because I  am restless. I know I'm tired, I'm yawning, but my mind won't let me  sleep.  
 

Saturday is a little better. I take my roommates benzo before bed and it helps me sleep a little.  
 

Sunday is when I realize that there is no Norco or anything in my system  still but I am still feeling these symptoms. So I think to myself, wow,  I haven't had a nicotine pouch in over 48 hours, I literally went cold  turkey. So i start reading stories and while most people who smoke  cigarettes go through withdrawals I found out that a cigarette contains  about 1mg of nicotine, tobacco dip contains around 3mg, and I've been  using these 6mg pouches, about 6-8 per day for the last 2 years, which  is around 40mg of nicotine per day. Sunday night I take another benzo  and sleep for 11 hours, today I feel better but I'm still on edge,  nauseated whenever I eat, restlessness...and I check my heart rate all  the time thinking i'm panicking but i measure around 80 BPM...its like  my restlessness and shortness of breath is making me think my heart is  racing.   
 

Have any of you former/current smokers/dippers gone through something  like this before? Through these past 4 days I've literally felt like I  am going to die or I wish I would just die instead of having to go  through all of this.