I don't want to quit. I need to quit.

I'm not sure if this sub is still running or if I just haven't gotten the hang of the app on my phone cos the newest posts it's showing me are fairly old.
I've been smoking for about 15 years. I've managed to quit about 3 times for about 4-5 months each time but have stupidly fallen back into smoking.
I am more stupid than most, I say this because I've actually had 2 pulmonary embolisms (blood clots in the lungs) and after the first one I didn't touch a cigarette for 5 months but my mind... it was like cruel resent, like I was so angry at having had a major health scare so young I wanted to be as 'carefree' as my friends and my life to be 'normal' again which used to involve smoking. I know how stupid that is, it is beyond irrational. But that's what happened. And despite my health issues and awareness that it is almost inconceivable that I would still smoke, here I am.
Stuck.
I've been trying to read Allen Carr's 'only way to quit permanently' cos the 1st one helped me quit the first time, but its not doing it for me this time. Maybe this follow up copy isn't as good or I haven't quite hit that right frame of mind but I've booked in to see a counsellor (I get really really low moods when I give up) and I'm still trying to read it and cut down. 
I just want to have control again, I want to be healthy and live with less shame. I don't want to be a slave to anything in my life but I am right now.
I know I've been in a place where I throw the packet away or 'just stop' in the past but I feel so weak right now. I've started exercising more and trying to incorporate new habits to avoid smoking so I won't fall into that lost, bored-hands feeling, but I'm wondering where to start. I see your posts with how many days you've quit and right now I just need to get to one day then go from there. How did you guys start? Was there any apps or sites or subs that helped?

Tl,dr: want/need to quit. Any resources you used that helped get you into the right frame of mind/through day one? If I can get through one day I feel like I could get through them all (in a sense), I'm just struggling to feel supported/like I have what I need to do this.