Need help badly..

Long-winded context history, and two questions. Please take the time to read this, I'm losing my mind.

So, aside from talking to my girlfriend who I've been with for ~5 years, I've never reached out for help. I'm 28 smoking since 15. I took Champix/Chantix, and about two weeks in, I had to put my dog down - the side-effects of the drug were amplified due to the timing, and the spiral of depression nearly ended my life. That was almost a decade ago.

I'm always in the process of trying to quit, by that I mean, some part of me is always thinking about quitting 24/7. This is the exact opposite of what Carr's book suggests; I've built it up to be some impossible task. Except, of course, I KNOW it's not. I KNOW I will quit, it's only ever been a question of WHEN.

So...Why does it seem like the closer I get psychologically, emotionally, to quitting, the harder my life gets? Is this something anyone else has experienced? I look at events in my life and ask myself, "are they only THIS hard to deal with because I'm quitting, how would I deal with this if I weren't a smoker?"

In the last 6+ months, two jobs have fallen through for me in the worst ways that I never saw coming. As a person struggling to hold any job, it feels like the wrong time to quit.

My hobbies are all psychologically associated with smoking now, but they're hard to avoid when I have so much free time because of being unemployed. It feels like the wrong time to stop those triggering hobbies.

Finally, I moved in with my girlfriend, and smoking remains an impossible painful wedge between us - she is very helpful and understanding, but it's like the more she cares sometimes the harder it is. Now, I try not to involve her, to quit silently. It feels no different overall.

Most recently her cat got quite ill, and it was a week of back-and-forth between vets and specialists - I stayed strong in every way to be there for her, except one: still smoking.

The core issue, and I don't kid myself about it, is that I am a weak piece of shit. Carr, in his book, spoke about how the "willpower method" is the wrong way to do it. He failed to mention that when you have zero willpower, you're fucked no matter how you go about it.

While life is never easy for 99% of people, it seems oddly more difficult the closer I get to quitting. Hypothetically, if the tobacco industry were puppeteering my life, then I'd say they're doing a perfect job. When I am hopeless, nothing is wrong and everything is okay. Then, I build up hope, the confidence returns. Just as it peaks, some shitstorm of events happens that breaks me down entirely. The timing is impeccable. Beyond coincidence, as it has been this way for about a year.

My questions are these:

1. Is there any advice that can actually help? Carr's book, and previously gum, patches, meditation, drugs, etc. have not helped. The longest I've quit for was on Champix for 3 months but unbeknownst to me, the depression did more to cement the addiction than the drug did to lift it.

2. How do I handle this in relation to my girlfriend? She is tired of the empty promises, the false epiphanies, the hope and hopelessness, doing everything she can, and doing nothing. She feels alone and I feel like the culprit and the victim at the same time.

PS. I know a good job will help. If anyone knows of any good job opps. in Toronto, please don't hesitate to share. I emphasize "good" job because my last employer tried to use me as a pawn in a scheme to rip off the gov't for funding. I would do anything to just work a 9-5 for an HONEST person, if for no reason other than to keep me busy and away from cigarettes.

Thanks.