Seizure???

God. Damn. Half awake, sorry if this makes no sense.

I posted a week ago here and haven't fully followed up on the thread - was reformatting phone etc.

The post was basically about how hard quitting has been for me and my girlfriend. (How hard I LET it become,)

Okay, so... I'm 28 and I've never had a seizure in my life.

My gf and I were arguing again last night over unrelated stuff, I went for a walk, had a coffee at 10 pm. DO NOT DO THIS. I've had coffee late, pulled all-nighters (gaming), never had a problem. I'm never doing it again. Also, I had about 6+ cigarettes on my hour walk.

I came home feeling what I thought was exhaustion - depression and stress take everything out of me. I passed out basically in the middle of an argument about how I never want to talk about anything.

4 hours later, I just woke up from a god awful experience. I had a very vivid dream: That I was sleeping on the floor by the TV. I woke up (in the dream) because I had Mark Ruffalo's phone? So I picked up his cell and called him. In the dream I was lucid enough to realize this made no sense, how was I calling his phone if I'm holding it?

A very distraught Mark Ruffalo answered, mad that I was calling so late. I looked at the clock, I couldn't read it, but it felt like 3 AM somehow. At this point I'm fully aware,, and I started apologizing to him for calling. He said "who is this?" and that's when things went sharply wrong.

In the dream, I became unable to speak, my words were coming out garbled as I desperately yelled at him on the phone. I jumped up (in my dream) only to realize I was in some sort of science facility. Some men in labcoats rushed over when they realized I was awake, and held me down.

**WARNING: Next paragraph might bother some people.**

What I felt next I know from direct experience. I've had 1 (dental) cavity in my whole life. THAT feeling, when something fucks with a nerve. The one you feel more in your ear than anything. The one with the sound. I felt that to the Nth degree, much worse than a dentist. I am not joking, this was the most non-physical, physical pain I've ever felt.

**

The pain caused me to wake up. It was at this point I realized that I was desperately grabbing my girlfriend's shirt, talking in my sleep (but trying to yell for help), my head cocked back and every muscle in my body feeling like it has been tense for a while. A flop sweat which I still have as I write this. The pain in my ear/head transitioned into real life and didn't go away for at least 5 seconds after waking.

She woke up, concerned, but obviously I couldn't explain this properly. I went to the bathroom and did anything I could to feel normal, my mouth still gross from the cigarettes and coffee even though I brushed etc. when I got home.

THIS WAS MORE FUCKED UP THAN I CAN DESCRIBE TO YOU. I googled it quickly and after a couple mins the only thing I could guess was that it was a seizure, or just a horrible result of a bad dream.

Has anyone ever had anything this bad as a result of quitting, poor sleep patterns, caffeine, or stress in general? Any guesses?

Obviously I need to work on managing stress and my life, but maybe this can be a warning to those of us who drink caffeine late at night, too.

I'm still in shock, I don't even know what to say or why I'm writing this. She fell asleep quickly, I couldnt go back without at least feeling like I've done something about it. god damn