I'm losing my fucking mind.

I was ~a pack a day for 25 years.  Got wisdom teeth out (didn't as a teen) in late July.  Had my last cigarette 5m before the surgery (which went well).  It's now been a month & ~18 days.  I’ve never even tried to quit before & knew this would be one of the few things short of getting pregnant that might work.  It seems to be working.  Kinda.

I seriously think I'm going bats.  I've never been this emotionally & mentally distraught.  Idk if it's the withdrawal or other major stressors (car troubles, work overload, got ghosted etc.) that have arrived at a wildly inconvenient time or all of the above.  But I feel like I handled tough times with a lot more clarity & control when I was a smoker.

But this patch is on me.  Am I really even withdrawing?  Am at the lower dose now, the 14mg Step 2.  Is the adjustment to lower dosage perhaps the cause of feeling so out of-sorts?

The strangest & most surprising thing to me is I'm not really having a hard time with cravings.  It's more like, yeah, I’m going to have a cigarette right now.  Oh, but I don't do that anymore.  That sucks, welp.  & I move along.  Is that all the patch too?  Will the cravings bust in like angry koolaid man when I'm off them in 2 weeks?

I guess what am wondering the most is-- this emotional instability, fog of confusion, & inability to focus or deal with anything at all gracefully.  When will this go away?  Please tell me this goes away?  Pref. before my arms turn back to their orig. colour & I finally manage to scrub the last of the adhesive off them… within a month or so maybe?

& if this is the way it has to be, if this is how it was for you, can you tell me some kind of thing that helped you?  Something unlike the usual advice of doing something wholesome like walking in the park or eating vegetables?  I feel like I should just shut the hell up & avoid approaching or interacting with anyone until I've regained my composure, because this is insufferable for myself & must be for everyone that hangs around me.

TLDR: I quit nearly 2 months ago, am on patch, sour times abound, cravings not bad, but feel like two pencils in my nose & underpants on my head crazy.  ETA for return to calm?  Help?  Advice?  Thanks.

Edit: I don't post here that often.  Am I allowed to use bad swears?  Sorry if not.  Pleading insanity.