An open letter to a cigarette. (OC)

Dear Cigarette,

You have been good to me. You comforted me when I was sad. You were there when I found out some really bad news. You introduced me to new friends and helped me make conversations. You even helped me get closer to some of my old friends. You were always there for me right when I needed you. Through thick and thin. You were the friend I could turn to when there was no one to talk to. You made long car rides bearable. I honestly don't think I could have driven all the way to California without you by my side.

The thing is, it just isn't going to work out between us. All the good things I can list, all the pleasure you gave me, it just does not make up for the fact that all along you have been plotting to kill me. Not a quick painless death either, but a slow and drawn out death that not only will be painful for me, but painful for my family and friends as well. I know we had some great times, but you are trying to take my lungs for Christ's sake! Not to mention my youthful looking skin or my clean pearly whites. Being around you I just feel.... dirty. I'm sorry, I know it isn't polite to say so, but you stink. You make me stink. You make my car, my clothes, my dog, my breath, my hair, my nails, my.... well everything stink.

I know it will be hard without you for a while. Physically I will crave to have you again. It will hurt. I will pace the room thinking about you. I will talk to friends about needing you again. Some friends I met through you might even try to get us back together, but I am done with you. I no longer wish to see you any more. It. Is. Over. I can't justify holding on to this relationship any longer. The benefits just do not outweigh the harm. I will find new ways to make friends and start conversations. I will find a new way to deal with being alone or bored. I will move on. I am strong enough to make it through this life without you. I am positive I will be better off for it. Maybe one day you will see that I am right. Thank you for understanding.

No longer yours,

Jonathan