Day 14! 24 year smoker, cold turkey. To anyone teetering on the fence, please read this.

I can't believe I made it. Why did it take me so long to make up my mind that I need to do this? I dont have any horror stories about getting the shakes or major insomnia, no flu like symptoms, headaches, anything like a "i need a fix, man!" heroin addict. All I feel is good- real fucking good. I said in earlier posts that it's easy, and I cant help but reiterate that. Dont be scared to try it, whatever stage youre at. If youre not succeeding cold turkey, you havent convinced yourself that youre ready and probably fooling yourself. I think thats why people turn to patches and vaping. They just cant manage to cut that last string. Dont prolong the quit. Rip the band aid off. Fuck it all and fuck it now! Dig deep and truly reason with yourself. Dont wait until youre old to make up your mind. Save yourself while youre young. I'm 38 and the detrimental effects smoking has had on my looks- face, skin, teeth is obvious and although i feel like I'm seeing some significant improvement to some things i know that there is probably some underlying damage that ive done to myself that will never fully heal. Don't continue to destroy yourself. There is zero benefit to smoking. If you try to argue that then nicotene still has its death grip on your throat.

3 days. 3 days is all you really have to get through if youre ready, and the first two are just managing the withdrawl annoyance and  finding your healthy distractions. The third is pretty weird- i had a strange kind of euphoria all day and felt really, really good about my decision. Walk the cravings off. Chew gum all damn day. Drink a shitload of water. All those helped for me but walking helped the most because it truly did alleviate the most annoying cravings and I'm actually down 5 lbs. since i had my last cigarette.

I was ready to quit, quit on my first attempt after 24 years of smoking over a pack a day, and loved smoking as much as the worst addicts here at times, so i dont want to hear about how hard it is. It's not. I'm done and over it. The only real hard part is making up your fucking mind and putting out that last smoke for good. Are you ready?

Fuck smoking because all smoking does is fuck you.

Motivation, rational thought, perseverence, and bravery to make the right decision sooner than later to all of you. Maybe a little tough love too.

Sincerely,
Dave the Non-Smoker