Almost two weeks into quitting and I've finally realised why smoking was so important to me

I have been smoke free now for 11 days, 15 hours, 29 minutes, 54 seconds and counting. I am proud of myself but it is also the most horrible experience I can remember - I know it can't be, as I almost died from salmonella poisoning when I was less than a year old and had a severe case of ulcerative tonsillitis in my early twenties that took me out of uni for weeks - but this feels so horrendous as it's happening now.

People tell you about the health benefits but they don't tell you about the physical symptoms of quitting - the sleepless nights, the shortness of breath, the heat in the hands and the constant acid reflux making every second a seemingly endless, miserable struggle. It will be good in the long run, I know this, but it's awful right now.

What this experience has done more than anything however, is that it has got me thinking, and by complete accident, I hit upon what cigarettes meant to me - something I had never been able to explain before - either because I didn't realise it, didn't bother putting the effort in to figuring it out or perhaps just didn't want to actually understand. I was sat in a restaurant on Friday - one week cigarette free looking around at all the other people in the room and I hated them - more than that, I resented them. All of them. Sitting laughing or talking and I hit out with an irritable "What are they waiting for?" It seems such a strange thing to say, but it truly sums up what life as an addict is like. I was always waiting on the next cigarette. My life revolved around it. All I ever had to do was wait for the next opportunity to smoke. It was simple - it gave my life both structure and purpose, in small, very manageable, hour long time frames. I don't think I ever truly appreciated that. What smoking did for me was not just a habit, not just a physical reliance on nicotine but instead it was so much more. I said earlier it gave my life purpose - that is perhaps too grand a statement. What it did (and did incredibly well) was it took away the need for my life to have purpose and that is incredibly liberating.

Those people in the restaurant to my subconscious mind had to be waiting on something and all I can think of is that they're waiting to die, sitting there smiling while time passes and eventually they will all watch their friends and family grow old, weak and then die with the passing of time. Time which slowly travels with us and which eventually takes everything good from us. I never had to worry about that - I only had to wait until my next cigarette. Then once I'd have that, I'd wait until the next one. Repeat. Ad infinitum. 

I don't have that anymore. That's addiction people. That's the bit people who don't suffer (and I use that term loosely as I'm not sure it is suffering) from it don't understand. "You should quit - think of all the money you'll save and the wonderful health benefits". No one ever tells you "Quit the entire mechanism which shields you from the pointlessness of life on this planet and open yourself up to the constant reminder that all of this is meaningless". It is utterly terrifying - and a bit of a cough and £10.40 a day seems incredibly reasonable in that context. 

I don't know if anyone can relate to this - but I know I feel better having written it down and hope maybe it's given pause for thought in some of you.

11 days, 16 hours, 5 minutes and 27 seconds. And this figure will only get higher. 