How do I quit this vicious cycle?!

I've been lurking here for a good amount of time (probably 8 months) and for the past year, I've had a real struggle with smoking...I've probably quit and relapsed somewhere close to 50 times over the past year. Basically, I've been quitting smoking whenever I feel an important milestone is coming up: for example, I went on a trip to La Jolla 2 weeks ago, and quit right before going on the trip, did not smoke for a whole week, and then went back to smoking. And when I do smoke, it's like I come back with a vengeance. I don't even know where to begin with my challenges because I really feel like I am reaching my wit's end....

I've started playing within a soccer league, and I am still smoking. I started even running, and although I am always short of breath and intellectually understand it's because of smoking, I still go back to it...

I've started taking more weekend trips and setting up rules to myself to not smoke: for example, I would say I cannot indoors or in the car, trying to make things difficult for myself, and still I am smoking.

I've set up a reward system and even replaced the cravings for cigarettes with other things (sweets, even weed) and still I go back to smoking.

Basically, I've been smoking since I was 15 and I feel it's taking over my life. I don't want to feel helpless anymore (as Allan Carr said, I am in control of every other aspect of my life) and still, I think about smoking. It's wasting my time really, it's wasting my money and my energy and still I insist on doing it.

In the past, I've quit for longer stretches of time (1 year, 2 years, several months) thanks to Champix and patches, but now, those do not work anymore with me...

I am literally crying as I type this because I feel so helpless....I really see this is an ugly addiction, a devastating monster and it is beginning to eat at my self confidence and fuel my doubts...that I do not have the willpower, that I am weak, that I lack self control...all sorts of demons. This is what those disgusting cancer sticks are doing to me!

The bigger problem is when I do cave in and buy a pack of cigarettes, I swear I only feel dizzy with the first cigarette and I do not even want to smoke the rest. I have purchased 5 packs in the past month and have disposed of them all half way through because I simply cannot muster the nerve to smoke a full pack (I just cannot). I hate bumming cigarettes off of others (although I have done that already) and have even smoked dogends left by my neighbor (yes, I've become that desperate and disgusting).

I am really ashamed of myself at this point and have no clue what to do. I realize this sounds like a long rant, but I feel really desperate and I hope that I might learn a lesson from someone here that will change everything for me...