Update! Day 339..

So it's been donkeys since I last posted on here with an update (I think last time I was on about 2 weeks stopped) and I feel like I just need to make a post and kind of get it out there.  My year anniversary is creeping ever closer and when I think back over the things I've done in the past year it really makes me so happy. Stopping smoking was, without a doubt, the best thing I've ever done. It's affected me in ways I didn't even realise it would. I was really blinded to how much of a ball and chain smoking was for me. My life revolved around smoking even though at the time I wouldn't have admitted that. From the moment I woke up in the morning until the very second I went to sleep smoking was there, niggling away at me. I guess really I just want to put down my thoughts on how my experience was. 

I started smoking when I was 12/13 but didn't really become a proper smoker until I was 15. I had tried to stop twice before this time. Both times I wasn't ready or, I guess, mentally strong enough to do it. The third time I was determined, I hated everything about smoking. Every time I would inhale I could feel the smoke burning down into my lungs, doing horrible damage. Two of my friends died when they hit 60 due to smoking related illnesses. I had just turned 30. I didn't want my life to be half way over already! I want to grow old and be one of those annoying old grannies that hold up queues and call everyone "dear"!!

This was it. It felt like my final chance to do this. I told everyone I knew that I was stopping. I needed that pressure on me from others not to fail. I hate failing. Like seriously *hate* it. I took two weeks off work as I knew I needed to break the routine and I smoked my heaviest during my working hours. I went to the local pharmacy and stocked up on ALL the stop smoking aides (which cost me a small fortune!). I had the patches, gum, mouth spray, mini-tablets, plastic strips, e-cig. I also bought in a shit-ton of veggies (big up the frozen peas and frozen sweetcorn!) that I could pick at when I stopped to try and get through the cravings. Oh and another thing I did was download a stop smoking app on my phone (seriously, totally recommend this, it's been an amazing help to me).

And then quit day came. I had my final smoke at 9am. One of my most important ciggies for me was the one first thing in the morning. I know a lot of people have their final smoke last thing in an evening but I didn't want to wake up the first day and go straight into craving hell so I had my last one when I got up and then I slapped on a nicotine patch and buckled down for the ride to begin.

But it didn't... day one passed by easy.... day 2 and 3 were a wee bit harder but I really didn't get cravings anywhere near as bad as I expected.  My worst thing was I went into a kind of depression. I wanted to cry constantly. I guess in some ways I was almost mourning the loss of a friend. I had used smoking for such a long time to help me get through things. Ciggies were always there for me when I needed someone. If I was sad I would smoke, happy have a smoke, scared smoke etc.. So I kind of felt lost. 

I barely went out the house for the time I was off work. I just sat in my own little bubble; watching tv, eating frozen peas and trying not to cry *too* much lol. It felt good though and within the two weeks I was already feeling better. My cough/wheeze was already clearing up which was a huge relief for me (it had been getting progressively worse and I was worried quite wtf was going on with my lungs especially considering one of my friends had died from lung cancer).

Also within the two weeks I had off work I came off the patches. I was having such a horrible reaction to them (big blisters that were bleeding and itchy and swollen and bleugh!) that  I decided fuck it. Didn't need them. And by that point I didn't want to go onto another nicotine replacement so I went solo, just me and my stop smoking phone app!

So to cut a long story short, the 11+ months has passed really quick for me. I've not been tempted, I never get cravings and I feel fan-fucking-tastic. I also have so much more spare time lol. The only bad point in all this is I've put weight on (like a lot of weight) but, thanks to being generally healthier from stopping smoking, I'm finding it relatively easy to get back off (already lost 19lbs (I did say I put on a LOT of weight!!!)). Mentally I'm in a great place, probably the best I've ever been. My life is so positive now. I've done the one thing I thought I would never manage to do! Now that I've done that, I can do fucking anything!!! 

Thanks to this confidence boost I guess, I started a "Year of YES!" and of course the money I've saved from stopping smoking is enabling me to do this! I've had a lovely holiday to the Island of Jersey and in November I'm going to visit friends in America with some other friends. I never thought I'd go to America, I was always too freaked out at the thought of travelling that far from home (I live in the UK). Of course the thought of not smoking for an 8 hour flight worried me too but now I don't have to think about that!! I've even had my teeth whitened which is something I've wanted to do for over 10 years but couldn't afford it/didn't think there was much point whilst I still smoked. And I bought myself a cross-trainer (helping with the weight loss - wooo!).

As I said ALL those things were paid for by stopping smoking. In the 339 days that I've not smoked I've saved a fucking crazy £2,065 which is $3,426!!! I've not smoked (going by my average) over 5,000 ciggies. Holy shit that's a lot and I can feel my lungs thanking me for not forcing that much smoke into them every day!

Like I said at the start, I just wanted to put my experience out there. For anyone still reading this - sorry for the novel lol. For anyone thinking of stopping - do it!! Trust me, you won't regret it. For anyone who has stopped - wooooo! Good on ya! You're awesome! :D For anyone struggling or just wanting a friendly ear to listen to them, please feel free to PM me. :)