My story...

It's currently 3.25am and I can't sleep and I want a smoke and I'm getting every (wrong..) reason in my head why I should go and have a smoke so I apologise in advance for my ramblings.

I am starting my third day of no-smoking today. When I stopped on Tuesday morning the first hour or two was hard then it was a breeze until I hit about hour 32. Jeezo the shit hit the fan then. I've had pretty constant cravings since, feeling physically sick wanting a cigarette. I had smoked for 15 years so reprogramming myself is difficult. I think about making a cup of tea and my first thought is "I'll have a smoke first then do it" then I remember "Oh.... I've quit". It's strange. I have more time now although in saying that I've not really benefited from it as yet. My first day I didn't leave the house (perhaps why I didn't get cravings..?) but I did on Wednesday and I regretted it. Think I need another day or two to get over the worst before I venture out. Thankfully I have a fortnights holiday from work so I can just lock myself in my house, play computer games and ignore the outside smokey, tempting world for a few days. It's amazing how many smokers you notice in the street when you quit.

Why I'm quitting... well two friends of mine have passed away in the past 1.5 years due to smoking. One was a family friend who just never woke up one morning and the other had lung cancer. The lady who had lung cancer was my smoke buddy in work. I got on well with her and I miss her a lot, even though I really only knew her in the office. I spoke to her about a month or so before she passed away and she was so scared, crying on the phone to me. 

Both of these ladies had turned 60 just a few months prior to them passing away. I turned 30 in December last year. The thought that, if I continue as I am, my life could be half over scared the shit out of me. Sure I could get hit by a bus tomorrow (oh lordy how many times my brain has told me that in the past few hours to try and get me to give in and have a ciggie) but chances are I wont. If I continue smoking on the other hand, well chances are that will have a hand in my cause of death.

So sure, I'm currently in tears (..again... haha) because I need a smoke so fucking bad it hurts and I'm running on about 4 hours sleep in the past two nights but there is no way I'm giving in. I'm stronger than my addiction god dammit ^(but please can the cravings go away... please... like right now... thanks...)