If you want to quit smoking, look within.

If you know that you don’t want to smoke but are having trouble quitting, it is time to have a serious conversation with yourself. With so many things in life you need to find your why. But we focus so much on why not to smoke instead of why we do smoke. The answers will be a bit different for everyone but at the core, we are all human and it boils down to the same problem. To find your why, ask yourself:

Where were you when you had your first cigarette? Who were you with and what were you doing? How old were you? What feeling did it instill? Did you decide in that moment you wanted to smoke for the rest of your life?

If you have quit and relapsed, where were you? What were you doing and who were you with? How did it make you feel? Did you decide in that moment to start smoking again for the rest of your life?

Where were you when you had your last cigarette? Your 1490th cigarette? 20 cigarettes ago?
Who were you with and what were you doing? What feeling did it instill? Were you driving? On social media? Playing a game? Did it taste delicious?

What do you think when you see someone really young smoking?
What do you think when you see someone really old smoking?
What do you think when you see someone poor smoking? 
What do you think when you see someone rich smoking?
How do you feel about your family and friends smoking?

How many times have you tried to quit smoking? Why didn’t it work?

Nicotine habits are passive are subconscious, but always in control. I mean, who would consciously choose to smoke, multiple times a day, for years! Especially knowing everything we know. Why do we go and spend hard earned money to do something that doesn’t serve us in any way. We are serving it. We are serving the addiction, the negative habit that controls our life. But you can take that control back by being mindful and deliberate.

So have you ever really been mindful of the reasons you do smoke? Sure we know that nicotine is highly addictive. For some smokers they are fully addicted after only a few cigarettes. But we are mighty beings. We have the power to make choices in every moment. We can either serve ourselves or bring ourselves down.

Let’s break a cigarette down into what it actually is. In some country far far away, there is a field of commercially developed tobacco plants, which contain nicotine and other natural chemicals plus chemicals used to treat the soil and protect the crop, it is then dried and processed in a huge factory by machinery where hundreds of chemicals are added to ensure freshness, flavour, consistency, etc. The tobacco is then packed into bleached paper tubes and filtered with fibreglass. We pay damn good money for it, just to light the thing on fire and inhale it’s noxious smoke into our lungs, damaging the cells of on of our greatest organs and exposing them to proven cancer causing chemicals. It covers our skin, clothes, etc with burnt chemical plant smoke and smell. The nicotine reaches your brain within seconds to bring you back up to where you were when you had your first cigarette or the one 45 minutes ago.

But let’s face it, you weren’t all that much lower before you had your first puff. Cigarettes do not get you high and give you superpowers, hell they don’t even really give you a buzz when you smoke all the time. They do not increase your health or relieve depression or anxiety and they do not make you want to go dancing with friends. They don’t relieve the stress of life, only the stress caused from wanting a cigarette.

So, if cigarettes don’t do anything for us, if they don’t add anything tangible into our world, if we smoke without even being conscious about it, why do we keep spending our money on cigarettes, lighting them on fire and inhaling their smoke into our lungs?

Because we aren’t being fucking mindful. And I don’t mean we smoke because we don’t meditate for 25 minutes every day. I mean we are not using our conscious mind that has been bestowed upon us to make intelligent decisions for our own wellbeing. We are smart enough to know that smoking does not serve us. And we are powerful enough to decide abusing our bodies is bullshit. 

Instead of thinking of it as quitting smoking, giving up those precious cigarettes, think of it as taking back the power that allows you to make educated, healthy decisions for yourself. You can win!

The physical and mental withdrawals will soon leave, and you are 110% worthy and interesting without those cigarettes. As long as you stay mindful of the fact that cigarettes do not serve you and know that you CAN choose to serve yourself, always, in every moment, quitting smoking doesn’t need to be a battle, it doesn’t have to feel like you are missing something.

Don’t focus on the minutes it has been since you quit smoking, focus on treating yourself well in every moment. If you mess up, its okay. 
If you are messing up and don’t like it, stop. You don’t owe that cigarette anything. Put it out. 
If you are messing up and you do like it, embrace it and then reflect on how it served you. Sit down with yourself and go over these questions again.

The only way to quit smoking is not to smoke. The hardest part is accepting that that means you will have to smoke your last cigarette. Which one will it it be? After this pack? On Monday? On new years? 

Let’s face it, the next cigarette is not going to be better than any of the other ones you have smoked in your life. It is not going to be any worse either. It is definitely not going to give you a hug and wish you all the best in your journey. It is also never going to be the perfect time, so it’s not worth waiting. You deserve better and you have the choice to make a conscious decision in every moment to serve yourself. And you KNOW that smoking does not serve you. 

So, give yourself a present. Win. Give yourself some time to battle that nicotine monster (nicotine literally leaves your body in 1-4 days… BYE FELICIA!) and then move the fuck on. Bigger and better things, my friends!