For those of you who are having a hard time.

To start out I know that I am only at 6 days that being said this was a successful quit.  I have no idea how many times i have quit in the past but i tried quite a few times, I loved smoking then I hated smoking.  I have been spending a lot of time reading your stories, those of you that succeeded and those of you have failed and those of you so far down the road and still thinking like a smoker.  So I am going to put the things that I have learned here in this post and hope that someone benefits from it, even if it's one person I will be happy.  One of the things I learned is escaping (we aren't quitting because we aren't leaving anything behind) is all about the withdraw, fear of the withdraw is what keeps you from escaping, ironically it's also what keeps you smoking....every time you reach for a cigarette it's because of withdraw.  The only time you don't feel the symptoms of withdraw are when you are smoking.  
    First off when you escape you should feel free YOU ARE A NON SMOKER!   You're free, you don't envy a man on deathrow so why envy a smoker?  Keep telling yourself that, and feel happy about it even smile when you get that itch, that oh my God I need a smoke, instead of fretting about it and feeling like you are **missing out** smile and say "A cigarette?  That's crazy!  I don't smoke!"  Then move on, the itch won't last long, it will last considerably shorter than the cigarette that cigarette that old you would be smoking. Don't envy the smokers around you, you should pity them because they are still in their nicotine prison, lying to themselves about why they keep smoking.  The problem is you're still thinking like a smoker, but that's not you anymore, you have made an extreme change in lifestyle so you need to change your state of mind as well.  Another thing I am noticing a lot is the counting...I understand that you have hurdles to get over, one day, three days etc, but eventually you need to walk away from nicotine all together and forget about it.  You are a nonsmoker now, nonsmokers don't do that.  

Edit* I could have gone on all day and written pages, but I didn't want a long winded post so I cut it short
Edit** Watch this Video with an open mind, it's [Allen Carr - The Easy Way to STOP Smoking] (https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ATo8X4DGWaI)