My one biggest tip I'd give to anyone, regardless of where you are in your journey

Run. 

Maybe you're on here because you're still smoking and you are thinking of quitting. Go for a run. I know you don't want to, because that will mean facing the fact that your lungs are struggling to get the oxygen your body needs when walking up stairs, let alone jogging. Face reality, go outside, and run. It may just be the wake up call you need right now.

Maybe you've just quit, and the cravings are making life difficult. You're experiencing emotional highs and lows like never before, and need a distraction. Go out and run. Exercise is not only good for your body, it is [good for your mind](http://www.nhs.uk/conditions/stress-anxiety-depression/pages/exercise-for-depression.aspx). I guarantee that if you're struggling with anger, sadness or anxiety whilst quitting, everything will seem that little bit better after you've gone outside for a run.

Maybe you're worried because since stopping smoking you've been eating more - you've heard people who quit typically put on a bit of weight in the first few months. Well you don't have to. Burn those extra calories and maybe become even better looking than before (hey, you may as well have a good body to show off your newly revitalised skin, whiter teeth and non smelly clothes with!). Go out and run your way towards a healthier, fitter self.

Maybe you've got through the first couple of weeks - the cravings are subsiding, but at the same time it's harder to appreciate the benefits you are reaping every day you spend not smoking. Go for a run. And then go for another one a couple of days later. Keep doing this. The first few times you run, it will be your lungs holding you back. Breathing will be difficult. Then, one day, your muscles will tire before your lungs do. That is a magical moment. You keep running. Your lungs get stronger. You can take deeper breaths, not just whilst jogging, but in your day to day life. Keep the benefits you are reaping tangible - go out and run.

Perhaps you are much further down the road than me. Well done - I hope one day to be where you are now. You probably have far more advice to offer than me about quitting, but if you don't already, go out for a run. Push yourself to the maximum, and take the time to reflect back to the days when a flight of stairs would make you wheeze. When nicotine would make you wheeze. Realise just how far you have come, and how much more capable your body is as a result. Go out and run.

TLDR; Go for a run