Why im quitting smoking tomorrow

1 - although the health aspect hasnt been a problem with me so far, I don't want to keep pushing this. 4 months back I quit alcohol and weed cold turkey and started working out, and earlier this month started dabbling around with meditation, smoking is like the one nail sticking out, and so it has to go.

2 - stink. The people sitting next to me at work don't smoke, and to this day they haven't said a word about the stench and the while the smoking hasn't started killing me as obviously, the guilt is. Add the fact they are both mothers to young kids - I feel like a faded grim reaper.

3 - money. Holy fuck I've been burning holes in my pockets with this nasty habit. Never even thought about it but now that I do, it major wtf. A pack every three days isn't nearly as bad as some others I've read about here, but still, that's ten packs a month average, which is a whopping 120 a year and if I go back to the time I started and half it to make a decent average, still fucking 600 packs of smokes. Fuck. 

4 - only someone who has dealt with addiction intimately will tell you this - but you kind of need to hit the absolute rock bottom to be able to look up and see the light. Now that I somewhat realize all the money and health and air that I have wasted with this pointless habit, yeah it does feel like some kind of a rock bottom.  

5 - lack of will power, or how obvious it is. I've stood out in rain, snow, sweltering heat, filled the car with fumes, washrooms, and dealt with the stench of butts the next day, and had to wear sweaters which smelled like ashtrays and still kept indulging. Why? Because habit. Because lack of will power to stop. But I'm done making excuses. 

The last couple days I've gone from smoking 5-8 cigarettes a day to 2, today is the last day of that and starting tomorrow, I'm done. Why tomorrow? Because weekend, and I don't have to come to work and deal with a plethora of triggers and hopefully come Monday the resolution will be strong enough to not need them at work at all.

Fingers crossed. 