could i get some input on this please? it's really bothering me!

so i've been very determined to maintain my quit. as my badge indicates, i'm on day 27 ATM, and it hasn't been easy, and cravings have been intense. I haven't had a single cigarette this whole time, and i intend to keep it up. 

however, yesterday, a couple of my friends came over. we were enjoying some beer when one of them pulled out what i'm assuming was a blunt. now, before i go on let me state that i have nothing against marijuana use, and frequently partake. in fact, early in my quit when cravings were ridiculous, i'd roll joints and smoke those to help me get through them (my cravings, that is). 

i hadn't had any weed in about a week or so, and was happy to smoke yesterday. i asked my friend if there was any tobacco in it (since like i said, i do NOT want to smoke tobacco in any way, at all) and she said no, because she prefers to keep them separate (she smokes cigarettes as well). i thought "great! time to sit back and spark this puppy up!" and i did. i passed it and took maybe 5 or 6 hits in rotation. enjoyed good company, good beer, and generally had a good night. 

fast forward to tonight. for the past couple hours i've been unnerved by the thought that i've reintroduced nicotine into my system. i don't know what kind of paper it was rolled in, just that it was brown. this makes me assume it was a blunt wrap, which of course come in a variety of compositions and whatnot. my preferred method is either a vaporizer, a joint, or a glass pipe. i used to smoke out of a bong but haven't in a long while now. 

my point is that just the thought of having inhaled tobacco/nicotine is driving me crazy and...i just don't know. did i fail?? i got so paranoid that i began researching blunts and nicotine content and shit. data seems pretty scattered and lots of individual opinion on the subject, but general consensus seems to be: if you're quitting cigarettes (and by extension, nicotine), smoking blunts is not a good idea. i could probably count on one hand the number of times i've smoked a blunt in the past--i didn't typically feel one way or another about them up until now. i won't be smoking them again now that i've done some research into what's actually in them. 

the funny thing is i don't even know for sure what the paper was! but i feel like shit for having (maybe) introduced the little demon back into my body...and here i was beginning to feel proud of almost making it to a month. 