Some rant about my life and some questions...

Hi all, i just realised i might be hooked to cigarette so i'm here to post.

I'm not really a smoker. When i was in high school i definitely took one of my grandfathers' cigarette and experimented. But i never got hooked onto it, first i didn't think it was "cool" second smoking has always been a taboo for girls where i was growing up so i never really wanted cigarette to be in my life.

 Then moving onto university i've had more friends who smoked but i've never really got into it. I occasionally smoke one or two when out drinking with friends and stuff and i never see it as a bad thing, as long as i don't get hooked onto it. 

Then one day i was with my BF in the car and he was smoking, i never took a sip but i guess second hand smoking is as strong as actually smoking and the next day i was very... anxious.. and annoyed out of no where. I did nothing about it because i just thought it was the time of the month. Then a few days later (when i got better) i somehow realised i had a withdrawal symptom. I went and bought a pack and smoked 1 or 2 cigarette... Then i threw the pack away. 

Fast forward a few months BF broke up with me, i was really upset and when we were having the "closure talk" i bought another pack and smoke one after another. I still never got hooked onto it and after i walked out from the breakup, everything was back to normal, but the pack i bought that day was still sitting in my backpack.

Now i'm in my final year of uni, and i'm writing my thesis. I am not stressed about it or anything.. But i started smoking the rest of the pack.. everyday.. Like one cig per day. Somehow cigarette kept me up at night and i felt a bit more calm, maybe its psychological i don't know. Just then, i finished the last cigarette in the pack. And i know i won't buy another pack. 

I want to share that experiencing that withdrawal symptom was tough, so i admire all of you and hope i never touch cigarette ever again.

Realised i didn't have anything to ask.. i guess i just wanted to share .. and talk.. because none of my RL friend ... is accepting when it comes to smoking.. 

/rant over

