Monday September 25th, 2017

This shall be my escape date.

I hope that it will not be too tough. But I am trying to stay confident in myself. Today, I bought what I choose to be my last pack of cigarettes. I bought a copy of Alan Carr's EASYWAY to motivate me, subscribed here, and then downloaded some apps to help me quit. I am telling my friends and family that this is my quit date so that they can hound me if I get weak. I have started doing my Spanish lessons again so that I can have something positive for me to focus on. I have signed up for a trial gym membership so that I can go on my own, though I have already been going to the gym for two months now with a friend. I have asked my friends who quit what has helped them. 

I have chosen Monday because my weekend job is by a huge margin my biggest trigger, but it's also the point at which I have the most time to read my self help books. (it's an extremely slow job). I feel a bit nervous, but a good kind of nervous like before I go ziplining or meet a first date.

Wish me luck! Share any tips that you have for getting through the first week(s)! Anything might be helpful!

I'm going to avoid weaning or crutches like gum/patches if I can. I'm trying to stay objective and scientific in my approach, and I think that keeping nicotine in my system with those methods may be counterintuitive to allowing my body to naturally flush itself.

I'd like to use these final two days of carrying this nasty, distasteful habit as a time for me to stock my mental doomsday bunker, so to speak, with resources that will help me to get over the initial hump.

I want to be healthier. I don't want to cough. I don't want to have to step outside ten times a day in Canada's brutal winter. I don't want to feel lethargic all the time. I don't want to waste upwards of forty bucks a week just for the privilege of killing myself. I don't want to have any more.. "Problems with the firehose". I don't want to make my non-smoker friends scowl when the wind blows my smoke in their face. And most of all I don't want to be a prisoner to addiction.

Wish me luck! :)