Quitting is not as hard as you think; plus some tips

I’m 16 days in, after smoking for about 15 years and at around 15-20 a day for the past 3 years. I never really wholeheartedly tried to quit before, and now that I’ve done it I wonder why I waited so long. This subreddit was a lot of help to me (wish I'd found it before I decided to quit, but oh well). So to help others here, I've got a few notes for those thinking of quitting:

1. It’s hard, but not nearly as hard as you think. If you can get past the first 3-4 days and then simply keep in mind that you don’t want to go through that again, you are golden. I was trying to “cut back” for months, and it turns out that just going cold turkey and resisting all cravings required less willpower than resisting half of the cigarettes I wanted each day.

2. Since those first days are so hard, strongly consider putting yourself in a situation where smoking simply isn’t an option. Going somewhere remote for a long weekend, for example, where you are 30 minutes or more from a cigarette makes it so much easier to resist. I am pretty sure that when your brain knows that smoking isn’t an option, the cravings aren’t nearly as strong. That’s what I did, and while it took some willpower to stop myself from buying a pack once I was able to (80 hours in) it was way easier than if I’d only been 10 or 20 hours in.

3. I bought an e-cig. Took puffs from it 10-12 times the first day, then maybe 4-5 times the next two days. Never after that. I threw it out yesterday. I don’t think it was really necessary, but it felt good to know it was there and helped with some of the stronger urges.

4. It will take a week, maybe two, before you really start feeling better in terms of breathing easier, energy levels staying up, etc. So those weeks will be kind of hard as well, but keep coming back here and reading stories, as well as reading lots of stuff on other sites about how bad smoking does to your body, and it will help keep you on track. Once you really feel the benefits in terms of your breathing and other immediate health benefits, the sailing gets much smoother.

5. You need to be psychologically ready to quit: until you can admit that this is an addiction and you can no longer smoke at all, and until you can see some strong benefits towards not smoking, I don’t think a quit can stick. I never read Alan Carr’s book, but from what I’ve read about it, it’s probably the perfect thing in this respect.
