Day 1...again

First off, this community has helped in ways I never imagined. I find myself constantly coming here to read everyone’s successes and failures and it helps to know that I’m not the only one going through this; which it feels like most of the time and to know that I can do this. I’ve been smoking since I was around 14/15, and I’m nearing my 30th birthday. Half of my life I’ve been smoking and a good 10years of that was me wanting to quit. I can’t even begin to count how many times I’ve “attempted” to quit. When I started dating my boyfriend 3 years ago, he didn’t smoke. He also didn’t know I smoked until we were almost a year in. I kept it a secret from him because I was ashamed of being a smoker! Actually, the majority of people in my life do not know I smoke and if they happen to find out they’re in complete shock. He began smoking, but every other day he would say, “we need to quit.” And I would simply say, yeah we will one day.  

I “quit” last Wednesday. We both did. I read Allen Carr’s book start to finish that day and thought I had put out my last cigarette near 8pm. I felt great that night, thinking I could really do it this time. But then when I woke up the next morning, my immediate thought was, “I want a cigarette.” Usually half of my morning is consumed with browsing social media and smoking before I realize I have less then 15min to be out the door and it’s a rush to leave. That morning I had an hour with ‘nothing to do’ so I sipped 2 cups of coffee and took my time getting ready. 

It’s amazing how much more time you have when you’re not constantly going outside for ~10min to smoke every hour or if you’re like me at home on a weekend, every 30-45min. 

I made the 40min drive to work fine, and also got on through the day okay. I did check my smoke free app a few times because I was craving one deep down which is silly, because I never “want” a cigarette at work(considering I’m a teacher to young ones, you’d think that’s all I could think about.) it wasn’t until I got into my car to leave, that I really wanted one. I let asking myself how I was going to make it home without one or two. How was I going to sit in traffic without puffing one down? I came to a gas station and turned in without even blinking an eye. I felt ridiculous walking out with the pack, but it didn’t stop my from lighting one. And the next one. 4 cigarettes later I got home and felt disgusting. I couldn’t even make it 1 whole day! The cigarettes lived in my glovebox, and it killed me knowing they were in there. But also feeling like I could let them live there without smoking one. Low and behold my hormones snuck up on me early, and I was not only going through my own personal hell of quitting but my body was going through its own hell. 

The next 2 days, I found excuses for my boyfriend to head to the grocery store for something we needed just so I could have a cigarette or two. I had 3 that Friday and 2 Saturday. With quitting and Aunt flow, I hated him for his existence. I blamed him for everything, for having to quit, for being weak and caving, for hiding it, for everything. I was sliding into a deep depression that I haven’t seen in years. 

Sunday was the first 24hrs I had been without one, and actually into yesterday I had been 48hours without one. It was such a struggle with “wanting” a cigarette versus not wanting to have all my badges back to 0 on the app. But he left to get lunch and I quickly puffed down 2. I took the dog on a walk, just so I could secretly have 2 more. The whole time I was smoking, I was pissed at myself, and turned the anger I had towards the boyfriend to myself. I took a shower after and cried. Cried because I want to quit so bad, and because I keep letting myself cave. 

You’re right, I could have thrown them away. I could have easily gotten rid of them and saved myself misery this past weekend, but I didn’t. What I did instead was download the audio version of the book for the car, which happens to be my biggest trigger and I’ve started to re-read the book slowly this time. To actually process what the words are saying. I have 1 cigarette left in the pack, sitting in my coat pocket. I have 1 cigarettes left until I’m done this time. No more hiding. I refuse to drive to the station to buy another pack, which used to scare the shit out of me when I was down to the last few. I downloaded the headspace app, I’m resetting my quit date and I’m going to the gym. I ordered a journal, to help navigate my feelings and emotions and to help empty myself of the void I let cigarettes create. 

I have let cigarettes control my life for as long as I can remember; where I went, what I did, who I was with. I have missed out on a lot of great times simply because I was afraid of not being able to have a smoke. 

If you made it through this whole rant, congratulations. I hope it can help whoever out there relate some to the constant hell cigarettes create and know you’re not alone. 