I'm stupid

Hey there!

2011 I stopped smoking after 2 years completely. It was a long way until I was able to give it up, but when I finally did, it was no problem at all. I was mostly tired of the smell and the dirt, and of course the health issues.

In those 4 years, I missed it not even once. Other smokers were no temptation anymore. What kept me motivated was the idea of being free from it and not needing it anymore. Somehow I managed to get to a point where stopping was pure relief. Had a strong image in my mind of how I want to be that helped me over it, but now this image doesn't work anymore, it's outdated.

I'll spare you the circumstances how I got hooked again, but it started the same way as in 2009.

I never thought I could ever step into this trap again, because I had completely forgotten about life as a smoker. Still happened.

The past month I smoked daily, increasing amount. Started going outside at uni with the other smokers. Started looking forward the first cig in the morning, or after a long lecture. Out of 1 cig in the evening became one every hour. I feel terrible.

Even though I have completely seen through it (the need to smoke comes from the last cigarette), it's tough now for me to stop again. I'm tired as f*** but I keep delaying bed time because I want to keep smoking a bit, listening to music and sit at my window.

But I'll still stop tomorrow, and what scares me now most is the weight gain. I know it's a completely irrational thought, especially after only 1 month. I workout regularly and eat healthy. Shouldn't be a problem. Still scared. What if it will ruin all my weight loss results.

Anyway, keep going is not an option. I don't want to be a smoker. 

I'll try to build or find another image that will help me get over it. No idea where to start though. The image I had back then was completely irrational as well. It had nothing to do with me at all, just touched me in a way emotionally (it was some kind of role model).

Best of luck to you here and wish me luck too. The first days probably gonna be tough, since I started to cope with stress by smoking, and stress I'm gonna have the whole week.