Week 3. Oddly easy? Age matters? Ignorance? [NSFW]

I am not bragging, this is really weird. 

I've basically smoked for 3 decades and gave up wanting to quit years ago, or I would think "If I become a millionaire  then maybe..." But then it really seemed to be effecting my health and I wanted my energy back.

The first week was challenging "just to quit". Both the 1st and 2nd week were challenging because of withdrawal symptoms. (And those symptoms motivated me even more because I realized how dependent I was.) But this 3rd week is weird, it's like I never even smoked. I don't want one, I don't think about it, no cravings, no thoughts, just work as usual and carrying on with life.

I might have had a revelation, and this is bad news for a lot of people, but perhaps helpful in the long run. I have a lot of memories of wanting to quit in my 20's, and also 30's. And I have to say looking back, it was a useless struggle. I could have never done it then. At that age, even if I had gone a few weeks without smoking I would go back to it, usually because I was bored out of my mind, pacing the floors, lacking any substantial money, lonely, maybe even heart broken, etc, etc. Life is not always easy, and so we look for escapes.

THAT can really drive someone to smoke, the urge for an escape. Smoking keeps you busy, it gives you something to do, the drink-and-smoke combo is the highest you can get legally, and... you know it is just going to feel good. Those endorphins sure look tasty when you are angst ridden and young. And so THAT, is also key. Your age or your life's condition. Many stresses in life tend to get a bit better with age, either you get better at dealing with issues, or you improve yourself. You settle down with someone or find the right job. Something has to improve over time.

This all being true, I have a serious axe to grind with any 40+ asshead who goes around sneering at younger smokers because "You should just quit, I dropped it years ago and never picked it up again, it's a disgusting habit". A good response would be "Fuck you, you ignorant asshole for forgetting what it's like to be young and stressed, and reveling in your own shitty achievement to someone who you completely do not understand." And they never took the time to understand WHY and HOW all these problems work to pass down to the next generation. No... instead they just enjoy the pleasure of shitting down at you. 

But that is all a side note. I think the conclusion I am trying to draw is that - not to say people are so dumb and don't know why they smoke - but that there are many factors involved, and I suspect it is rarely because life is going great that people keep smoking.

Every case is different, but I will not accept a lot of argument against this because I know people, and I am human myself. I think that for many people the nicotine is just one thing, the bigger factor is replacing something that's missing in your life, or in general just aching for a high because you are miserable. 

It's an emotional thing to face. It's quite a shitty thing to have a shitty life. Non-smokers and smokers alike should be more considerate of this and face the problem head on, emotionally, not strategically. It's not a boxing match.

You should also remember that when you let yourself get sick it effects everyone and everything around you, not just yourself. For that, perhaps you could feel some type of responsibility to get your life in better order? I'm not sure if it's socially acceptable to push that agenda in today's world, but I certainly feel an obligation myself, and I am keeping the right to feel that way. 

But never condemn yourself or others for having these problems. Life is hard. The anger will only suck you back into the problems. That's a real life lesson to be learned.

The End. Thanks for reading if you made it this far :) Feel free to comment or argue or expand upon anything.

