Chronic smoker here doing well with help of vaping, and some questions...?

This is not by any means a vaping endorsement, I have no idea if vaping is better or worse than smoking, and it could be worse for all I know, but for now it has really helped me, and I don't feel dependent on "either" the cigarette or the vaporizer.

I posted a huge story [here before](https://www.reddit.com/r/stopsmoking/comments/2rfq1u/advice_for_a_long_time_smoker_who_doesnt_even/), about how I didn't even want to quit and, what a tobacco addict I am. I was recommended a book which I planned to buy, but didn't get around to it (actually I'm going to purchase that book now too (: ). 

But recently I have moved back to the US, staying with family, people complain about the smell, and honestly it does effect my health and energy noticeably, and so I want to quit, but it is not easy.

So people started talking about e-cigs/vaping, and I went out to buy one "simply out of curiousity" almost a week ago. Since then, I have not smoked a cigarette, I believe it has been about 5 days. My energy has increased, lungs are clearing up, weird bursts of energy and body changes telling me that things are going back to a youthful and healthy state. I feel much more relaxed. It feels good to be honest, and for the first time in 20 years I just DO NOT WANT to go back to a cigarette. I like how I feel now, even in just these days, it is a BIG difference. I like not having to go outside in the bad weather just to get my fix, and secretly hide my disgusting butts in a flower pot behind the house, and thinking that I don't have a chance getting back into the dating scene with this smell all over me, and bad breath, and the fatigue, and the super strong urges that drag me away from both work and pleasure daily...

I want it to stay this way, without all of that fuss.

The thing about the vaporizer is, it is mostly a comforting back-up device, it is there psychologically for me. If I feel an urge I know that will give me something to cling to, and it does have some nicotine in it (without 300+ other chemicals apparently). I do not have to "imagine a morning coffee without a cigarette", because I can simply replace that with the vaporizer "IF" I really have the urge. And I am not even vaping all day or anything. I think there was a day when I didn't even touch it til late evening. Then later I had more urges come back so I used it 2 or 3 times that day. But I can see myself not being dependent on this vaporizer either. 

It is weird, it sounds like I am talking about this long period of time but it hasn't even been a full week yet. I think something really has changed dramatically.

Apparently, even people who went from smoking to vaping seem to have all the same physical reactions as someone who quit smoking cold turkey. Such as the lungs clearing up, better energy feeling, food tasting better, etc. And they are still vaping, just not smoking. At least this is what I have heard.

Do you have any opinions or input about vaping as an alternative or a "quitting assistant"?

Have you replaced smoking with vaping long term or quit thanks to vaping? Or has anyone found vaping to be useless? Did you buy a nice one if so?

I just wanted to share because, so far, my experience has been very positive. This is the first time in probably 15 to 20 years I have gone almost a week without smoking a cigarette - and not feeling worried about it.

If you are interested in trying this yourself the only tip I want to make sure you have is that you don't pick up a $20 one-time e-cig then give up hope. I did that more than once too. It wasn't until I walked into a vape shop, got an understanding of how it works, and invested $100 on "reasonable" equipment to get me actually enjoying the vaporizer enough to call it a replacement for a cigarette.

I think after a month of this I will try to switch to 0% nicotine vape juice, then see if I can take it to that last step. I am currently using juice with only 6 mg, and I never really get light headed or feel any type of nicotine rush AT ALL. So I'm wondering if it even counts as 6 mg, maybe its nothing!

tldr; Replaced smoking with vaping, and happy about the results. What's your opinion and/or experience with this?
