Advice for a LONG time smoker who doesn't even really want to quit?

You might as well say I have smoked my whole life, I was buying them long before I was legal age, about 14 yrs.  In case you're wondering, it wasn't so hard to get them from a local Chinese run convenience store at the time, they probably didn't understand our laws that well, and it was a small hometown... Regardless, I knew exactly what I was doing.

Anyway, many, many years later now, pushing 40, and I still have this habit.  I quit for a short while before, for one year smoked only about 5 a day, for another year only 1 a day even.  But overall I have just been a full time smoker most of my smoking years.  I also worked at home for many years, and thus smoke even more, because I can, because I like it.  In addition, I like to drink with friends, and as any drinker who smokes knows, there's no holding back after a couple drinks.

Please note that I am stating these all as facts and not asking for forgiveness nor do I feel guilty "at all".  I hate people who criticize smokers based on false, exaggerated information they see in media, and of course they usually have equally bad vices themselves, just not as publicly condemned.

I like smoking.  I don't even want to quit.  But I can feel pain now sometimes, and I don't want that pain to get worse.  I want it to go away.  I would still hope to live to be 80+, and regardless if that's statistically possible, I think I can do so if I change my habits.

So the many questions I have under this scenario are:

What can you do if you just can't imagine not having a cigarette to keep you comfort through the day?  What if you don't even like non-smokers and don't want to be like them (I'm sure that sounds backwards to you, but it's true).  And what if you basically just don't want to quit.  But somehow feel that you must.

Has anyone here had a similar scenario and quit?  How did you feel?  Did you find a replacement comfort?  Does it still bother you everyday?

I have tried sincerely before and I know every trick and every gimmick to the art of quitting.  I just don't want to.  I found that "cutting down" is a life not worth living, it just torments you by causing you to think of cigarettes your every waking hour.

I find that I am so different from other people's scenarios and I greatly dislike reading advice and other success story type of motivation which many people seem to swear by.  I really LOVE smoking.  I mostly hate it when quitters say things like "I still enjoy my coffee even without a cigarette now."  Then obviously you don't know what I'm talking about when I say "I can not leave my morning coffee and cigarette routine."  You just don't know.

All random help and/or feedback appreciated.  Sorry if I come off as being a grumpy.

**Edit** Thanks a million for all of these great responses.  I actually learned a thing or two and don't feel so alone anymore.  I'll get back to each point if time allows.