My problem with being a social smoker is I only smoke when I'm drunk/drinking. Can I get some advice on how to stop.

First I want to describe the nature of my smoking habits:

I know some of you may think social smoking is some myth that we feed ourselves to think we aren't *actually* smokers. I'm not doing that. I am definitely a smoker, but I am a Type A social smoker. I don't even buy my own cigarettes or ever keep a pack. I just bum/accept cigarettes when I'm going out. I really enjoy going out into that smoking "pow wow" outside of a party or bar because I have so many great conversations. Foolishly, this was the deal I made with myself when I first started: I will NEVER buy a pack for myself. I've stayed true to that deal, but didn't realize people pass their own cigarettes out like candy.

So I've been socially smoking for four years now (pretty much all through college) and although I've remained consistent and never feel cravings or anxiety, I still think I need to stop 100%. I even got an app to help me do this, which was weird since it asked me "how many cigarettes do you smoke a day" and I couldn't answer because I only smoke on occasion.

My biggest problem is this: if I don't have a drink in my hand, I don't even want to smell a cigarette. I need to have had at least one drink to even consider having a cigarette. If I have a cigarette sober, I can't even finish it. It makes me sick. I hate it. One or two drinks in, I can manage but could take it or leave it. Once I get drunk, I'm a complete chain smoker. It's the worst because, obviously, your self control is reduced when you're drunk.

Luckily, since I'm out of college, I only get drunk so often. I don't have a drinking problem and I don't really have a huge social life (although I'm finally making friends in this new town). That's to give you an idea - on avg I'll have at least two cigarettes a week (if any). I only binge avg. of once a month. Relatively, it's not that bad, but smoking at all is not good, so it's time to stop.

I have no intentions to stop drinking or going out. I don't think my problem is so bad that I need to make such a sacrifice. I think I can channel the self control and will power to change, but I would like any advice you have on making this easier. 

I was thinking of telling all my friends who smoke to try to avoid sharing their cigarettes. Also, avoid going into that smoking pow wow outside of bars and parties until I can control myself. 

So yeah, advice?