I think I am inadvertently quitting smoking. 24/f, day 6

Both my mom and dad have been smoking since they were teenagers. My dad has had two or three heart attacks, and my mom was diagnosed with COPD last year after I took her to the hospital because she couldn't make it to the bathroom without running out of breath. That was last May, and she never went to any of her follow-up appointments after her week-long hospital stay. A year later and she hasn't been to the doctor at all. They are both in poor health (mental and physical) even outside of the smoking, however, seeing them smoking has begun to fill me with anger. I want my parents to be at my wedding. I want my future children to have grandparents.. I think they would be such good grandparents. I want them to see me at a job or career that I love. I want them to see me graduate with my literature degree. These may sound like selfish reasons to want them around, but I think they are things some people take for granted. I want them to be around. I want them to be proud of me. I want to be proud of them and I'm not, because they do not take care of themselves at all. Again, their problems go way beyond smoking, but smoking is a factor that just seems obscene to me considering they are both already in such poor health.



I started smoking when I was 17 and hanging out with kids who smoked, drank, and did drugs. I actually started smoking cigarettes to help ease cocaine crashes around this time, so, needless to say, I had a lot going on. I was smoking a pack a day from 17 to 22, cutting down last year after really facing what is happening to my parents. 


I went to dialectical behavior therapy (mixed with rational emotive behavior therapy and cognitive behavioral therapy) once a week, every week of last year. I learned how to face myself and be honest with myself, and also how to love myself. Though my therapist never approached my smoking habit, it became hard to continue smoking without challenging myself every time I wanted a cigarette. 


I finished therapy in January and have been smoking less and less ever since. Every time I wanted a cigarette I would think of my mom and how she coughs every time we talk on the phone, or about my dad and how he has more appointments at the hospital for tests this month. I think about how their health problems are largely if not completely from their own sleight of hand. I think about how I want to be there for those who love me.. I do not want to break their hearts. I want to be able to do things with them. 



It has now been six days since I had a cigarette. I haven't really thought about it. I think I'm going to keep going.