Quit tonight, just went back to college, 3 exams in a week, pack a day for 20 years - advice on how to cope and keep from losing my mind and short-term memory?

Well I did 2 big things, 3 actually. 

1. searched online on trying to stop smoking and found this group and read through many posts and found a link to the stop smoking book by Alen Carr - wish I had found it sooner but here I am now.

2. went back to community college to complete something I never finished

3. just had my last cigarette after 20 years of smoking a little over a pack a day (I'm 42 now).

Does anyone have any advice on how I can keep my calm and focus over the week while I study for these exams... 3 of them in physiology, biology and genetics - all in a 2 day span. 

I really want to do well on these and my crutch/weakness now past, won't be around. I've read how the 1st few days are and if anyone knows how I can minimize the brain fog/fatigue and worst-fear, remembering what I am trying to keep up with, that would be fantastic! 

I couldn't bear the fact that during the past few weeks, that during class I had to be the one who left the group during break time and had to go all the way down to the designated smoking area... have to drive 10 mins to get there because of new campus rules. I would end up smoking one on the way up with the windows closed, when I got there and back. It really killed my break time with food and socializing because nobody in class smokes... most are planning to go into the healthcare field so probably that's why.

I could use some support on anything - if there's something to buy, maybe a vitamin or supplement or whatever, I'll do it. I was contemplating on quitting after exams but then that's another week of stressing about smoking altogether again and after reading that book, I would feel really bad (I think).

I can't chew gum/no drink or food allowed, so those options are out. I haven't been in a school environment in a while so breaking this habit will hopefully yield some new experiences and who knows from there! 

Thanks for reading this! 
