I'm a young smoker seriously in need of motivation to quit

Ok, a little about me. I'm an 18 year old female currently studying in Sixth Form in the UK (12th grade US equivalent I believe.) I've been smoking since I was 15, but I don't think I really became addicted until I was 17. Now I'm up to at the very least a pack a day, and have been since just after I started my second year of studying for my A-levels back in September 2015. I live with my mum who also smokes, but not as much as me. She seems fairly comfortable with me smoking, but does tell me now and then to cut down when she notices me smoking a lot. I feel like she thinks it's something I will grow out of eventually!


The very first thing I do when I wake up, before I even look up at the clock, is reach for a cigarette. I'll smoke in bed before I get up,  I'll smoke making/eating breakfast, I'll smoke after I'm showered and ready for school, walking to the bus stop, waiting for the bus, after I get off the bus, several times during any free periods or lunch breaks, after school, walking to the bus stop, waiting for the bus again...I can't seem to escape it, and I feel absolutely stupid for inflicting this upon myself.


Initially smoking seemed to calm my nerves during revision and studying (I'm a very panicky person when it comes to studying) and foolishly I thought I wouldn't get addicted and that I would simply stop after my exams were over. In hindsight I can see how I was getting more and more dependent on cigarettes right in front of my eyes, and that makes me feel all the more daft and frustrated for letting myself get out of control.


I've never tried to quit before and in all honesty I don't know where to start with it. I've read in the brief research I've done, both on Reddit and elsewhere, that you need to really want to quit wholeheartedly before you should try, and in all honesty I'm not sure that I do. I HATE the fact I smoke, I HATE the feeling of being so addicted to something. But I do feel that smoking calms me down while studying outside of school (not allowed to smoke on school property), even if I get really agitated and cannot concentrate as much in class or somewhere I can't smoke when I start to need a cigarette.


I'm sorry for rambling and this post being so long...I just need to hear some encouraging things! Has anybody else been a heavy smoker at a young age? How did you stop? How hard was it at various stages?


Thanks in advance!