I'm quitting tomorrow.

LTR/FTP blah blah blah.... 

I have subscribed and unsubscribed from this subreddit a few times this year.  I kept feeling "ready", and then chickening out....  So I'm posting this to give myself accountability.   I am amazed by the lovely support community you have here, and I look forward to using it to help myself and others stay on track.   

A little about me....  
I'm 33/F, been "smoking" since I was 16, but only inhaling since I was 20.  I know it seems silly to even bring up, but my ex made fun of my smoking at that time, and "taught me" how to really inhale.  My boyfriend of nine years quit smoking earlier this year - he's SEVEN months smoke free, and had smoked for 27 years.  He uses Mars Ecigs now, but has committed to quitting those by New Years.   


 All four of my grandparents died from illnesses related to smoking.  Lung cancer, COPD (emphysema), stroke, heart attack.   My grandfather struggled with COPD for almost 15 years before he passed,  but he was always so full of life and energy that his passing when I was 20 years old wasn't enough to make my stop.  He quit smoking when he was diagnosed.  My mom has been ill for a few years, but was finally diagnosed as stage 4 COPD/emphysema (terminal) earlier this year - after over 40 years of smoking.  Both of my parents still smoke.  Funny thing about this crazy addictive disgusting habit is no matter how sick the people you love get, or how much you see them struggle to breathe, you still can't pull that damn cancer stick out of your mouth.   And sometimes, no matter how sick they get, they can't quit either.  


So I set a goal of tomorrow as my quit day.  I got a cheap ecig because I don't want to enjoy it, or start vaping long term....  I just want to use it as a short term crutch for when the cravings are way too much.   I've downloaded the "Smoke Free" app, and I love the user interface- I think it will help to motivate me.   Plus, I'm not going to lie - I love the idea of fake internet badges for accomplishment...  So hopefully i can trick my simple mind into earning them!!!!  


For me....  Smoking has always been my way to cope with stress, grief, anger, as well as celebrate....  It's a hell of an addiction.   And I'm slightly ashamed to say that I am also quitting for vanity reasons.... I look really young still, always get carded...  And I'd love to keep it that way.   But most importantly, I'm quitting for my boyfriend.  Not "for him", because he's been very understanding and cool despite the fact that I haven't quit yet.   "For him" because he's literally my best everything.   He's such an amazing partner to me, and he deserves to be with someone who takes care of herself, someone he can grow old with, someone who wants to breathe without oxygen cannula shoved up their nose.  And I deserve to treat myself to a long, healthy life.  There's a genetic link to emphysema/COPD - and a high likelihood that gene has been passed to me.  Quitting now might not be enough for me to completely escape that illness, but it will drastically improve my chances of survival. 


I used to "justify" my smoking by smoking American Spirits...  No chemicals, and the best damn flavor.   The hardest part for me will be in the mornings....  My first action everyday is to brew coffee and have a smoke.   I don't smoke in the house, but I do smoke in my car.   I'm going to have to retrain myself how to drive, how to talk on the phone, how to have a beer, how to lurk on reddit.   Because all of these activities are always accompanied by a cigarette.   I've smoked a little over a pack a day since 2008, before then it was closer to two packs.   


Today I'm going to stock up on carrots, hard candy, gum.  Tonight before I go to bed, I'm going to watch Alan Carr videos, and pray to God, FSM, the universe, etc/whatever that I can beat this addiction.  I can give myself the life I want to have, breathe better and unchain myself from smoking.   I strongly believe in the power of positive energy and intention, and I'm surrounded by loving supportive people who will be positive, strong and encouraging.   People who believe I can have a better life too.    And hopefully, tomorrow after I quit, I can reach out and help others as you all do - to send my love, positive energy and encouragement  to those struggling.    I believe approaching this as "YAY!!! Better life" will be more effective for me - just because I'm warped "sunshine and rainbows" girl.    

So anyhow, I look forward to being a part of this community.  I'm grateful that you're all willing to support and encourage each other, the brotherhood of Internet strangers that reddit has banded together.  

TL/DR - I love talking about myself.  I'm quitting smoking tomorrow.  Sorry in advance for how obnoxious I will be.  Please don't kick me out, yet.  
   

