[Realization] All my old excuses were complete bullshit; a brain induced illusion

Just struck hour 570 (barely under 24 days for those who hate the maths.)

I know I've lurked a lot of your shares, and returned with no more than an upvote: less feedback than probably deserved. However, this sub and your truths have helped me reach a point I never thought possible. Let me return with my story:

The facts are I started smoking a hpd of shitty hand rolled imported Indian cigarettes I bought off my friends boyfriend for the price of 3 20s. This lasted two packs. I was 12. Quickly catching onto the bullshit I demanded the good good and a reasonable price (lucky filters). Boom: 1PD teetering to 2 packs depending on days of stress (I've been cooking professionally since 19, I don't know a stress free day). 

That stayed steady for 12 years without breaks or attempts or even teetering with the idea of quitting. Luckily I looked like I was 25 at 16. Then OH SHIT it's my birthday, and I've been smoking for half my life. A walking hypocrite for half of his existence. That began the (for me) long and annoying dance with myself, trying to ween, trying to switch brands, self-bartering, doomed self-promises. All with ties to excuses based in delusion. 

People offering me cigarettes: "oh I've been good, I can have just this one." Or the "just one hit" quickly becoming "just one more pack." It was always because "my job is stressful, I was in a car wreck and suffered serious traumatic injuries, my aunt and 2 best friends died, my friends smoke, I won't be able to drink/ trip and not smoke, I've always been a smoker."

Bullshit… self perpetuated delusion. I've never been this long without finding an excuse and resetting the clock. I'm especially proud of myself considering how I had every chance to find an excuse tonight and "reward" myself (SO & Roomie & puppy born yesterday and some years: triple birthday party bash @ casa de baconshibe). 

I know I'm barely over 24 days in, and that's the longest I have gone without nicotine in over 13 years, but I can truly say I'm an ex-smoker. 

I'm still healing, and there will be tougher days ahead, I'm sure; but I'm going to wake up tomorrow with 25 days of being free of nicotine, big tobacco, and the habit's anxiety potentiation (all those years spent thinking its an anxiety reliever, ignorant to the cyclical dichotomy of my addiction's effects on my mood brain chemistry.) 

No matter how hard it gets in the future; you've made it this far and improved tremendously, tonight will remind me of that when the time comes. 

