I just wanted to share my story after being inspired by this subreddit, and resisting for another day. (long)

So this is going to ramble on a little bit, but I just need to type out a little back story to make myself feel better, and figured I might as well put it out into the community.  Bear with me here.

I've been kind of fucked up the past five years from doing too many drugs, picking up smoking, and going on and off anti depressants and stimulants.  I've probably taken about 100 pills of ecstasy in a two year period, but that all stopped a little over two years ago.  I did a lot of shrooms and acid at one time and feel that might have done some damage as well, but that has also been over two years ago.  I started anti depressants, which helped ease me from thoughts of suicide.   I lost my girlfriend and my job about 6 months after all that, and it spiraled me into becomming an anti-social depressed hermit with no confidence.  This led to many switches in anti depressants and eventually being prescribed amphetamine salts, which at the time seemed like a blessing.  But long story short, they were doing more harm than good and making it impossible for me to control my addictions and bad habits.

Fast forward to 6 months ago-- I stopped taking my anti-depressants and have finally readjusted my brain a bit.  For the past 3 weeks, I have not been taking my adderal, and I'm slowly turning into my normal self. I felt a bit healther, and a bit less medicated, but it wasn't enough--I needed to keep making improvements.  

I have slowly stopped smoking weed and cigarettes.  For awhile I was smoking about 15 cigs a day, consistently having to hide it from family and friends and feeling guilty after each one.  I've weaned from about a gram or two of weed a day to about a gram a week, and would like to be able to take long breaks in between (for drug testing purposes) comfortably. 

I've been completely cigarette free for two days now.  I feel confident after recovering from anti depressant mood-swings and the lustful cravings that go hand in hand with amphetamine. I think I can make a change in my life.  The hard drugs put me into a state where I was making decisions that slowly took my brain and self-control away from me.  But damn it, I want to have control again!

I know that I can *really* quit this time, and I just wanted to thank all of you for your words of inspiration.  These past two days have been filled with impulses that I normally would succumb to, but this subreddit (along with exercise and eating) are saving me from making a mistake.  I hear the first few days are the toughest, which makes me ecstatic because each impulse is weaker than the last. I know I'm far from being done with this gauntlet, and I look forward to visiting you all again very soon, and for a good while.