Pretty Drunk but I have some shit to say 

You can choose to ignore this (its pretty long and I am drunk) but I plan to leave this on here for anyone that can relate. I had a good night out with some friends tonight and as you can see by my flair, i am on my 2nd-3rd day right now. I have not touched a smoke - nor do I plan to. I digress..

Back to story: Drunk me asked me to go out a pack and I resisted. Then some voice came up inside of me and it said

"Badabingbadabang, resistance is futile and you should just go light up, why the fuck do you care ? Is it health ? Money ? Why the fuck can you not forget about tomorrow and worry about right now ?"

I thought about this for the longest time. A cigarette would be fucking awesome right now, that feeling, the headrush...

Yeah, for 1 fucking minute that feeling would last, that headrush would probably make me want to throw up now and I would be submitting to a life determined by a stick with nasty, disgusting and cancerous chemicals. The life that literally made me feel like a weak, insignificante soul. Seriously, what is the difference between a meth addict and a cigarette addict ? Absolutely fucking NOTHING. Stop fucking fooling yourself if you think you are better than those skinny, doped up fucks desperate for their next fix and would give up anything to do so. 

I promised myself in grade 9 that I would never touch drugs, and what did I do for the past 7 and a half years ? Do the most addictive drug in the world and also get at least 7 of my friends hooked on it.. Its something I can never forgive myself for..

A lot of folks who have either never been smokers or just don't see my point will probably think this post is overdramatic/pointless or something  but I'm not here to get you to stop smoking, I just want to tell you my story. 

I have 2 uncles who suffered heart attacks because of clogged arteries due to smoking - one died leaving a 5 year old and a 9 year old behind. My grandpa died via cardiac arrest when he was 57, being a smoker for 30-35 years and my dad just got diagnosed with cancer 6 weeks ago.. 

I really don't want to go through any of that.

Man, they show this shit in movies like its so fucking casual. It's like if you don't do it you are some type of outcast. How can we - in this day and age be accepting something so vile and filthy down something so elegantly made over billions of years (our cardiovascular system).

Its like the first few days you give it up - you just keep on giving yourself stupid idiotic excuses to have that ONE cigarette. What will that accomplish ? NOTHING ! Go fucking smoke if you want to, seriously, you should just click unsubscribe and leave this thread as well. The reason why you are here is because you were thinking exactly what I was - you want to take control of your life. Some things take years and ages to achieve - but taking control of your life takes only one second - and thats the second you decide you want to do it.

I just want to leave you guys with one thought - I know scaring you into not smoking is not going to work - fuck, it didnt work on me for almost 8 years. 

Just remember this, you wouldn't ever want to stab yourself with a knife straight to your gut and suffer covered in your blood for a few days before you slowly die - would you ?

Thats dark, isn't it ? Yeah, my future would have been dark as well if I didn't make one of the best decisions in my life 2 days ago - fuck, I already feel more confident - I wouldn't have written this post other wise. (Maybe the beer helped lol)

I did not accomplish anything by quitting - because "quitting" cigarettes simply means I'm already giving cigarettes value and too much credit. I am simply a person who chooses a normal life away from destroying my body with a substance that does absolutely NOTHING for me. 

I don't really care for any opinions you guys might have, I just had some shit to say.

Cheers to your health,
