Both of my parents have had severe health complications because of smoking. They won't quit.

Hi all, 

My parents have been chain smokers for pretty much all of their adult lives. My dad is in his mid 50s and my mom in her mid 40s. 

I'll start off with my dad, as he's a much much heavier smoker than my mom, and his case is more severe. He's been 3-4 packs a day like I said for most if not all his adult life. That's until about 4 years ago when he had his first heart attack. He got an operation where they opened his artery with a stent, because he had very bad blockage. Doctors, and everyone else around him told him it's largely due to the heavy smoking causing a buildup. Since his first incident 4 years ago, he's had 2 more attacks resulting in 2 more operations and another stent. He has not however quit smoking, he would just decrease it right after the operation and then gradually increase back to normal, like he's doing now. He's now a chain smoker again, with no intent to quit. I worry that the next time he may not be so lucky and his 8 year old daughter will grow up without a father, and he will not live to see me and my wife have our first baby whenever it comes.


My mom, also has been a chain smoker her entire adult life, just not as heavy as my father. Think 1-2 packs. Still very bad. She has been suffering with shortness of breath and was beginning to lose her voice at random times. This kept getting more and more frequent until a little over a month ago she saw a doctor, and was told there is a build up of fluid around her vocal chords and that it needs to be surgically removed. The doctor stressed that his is largely due to smoking and it WILL return if she doesn't quit. Thankfully this was not cancerous and she had the operation about a month ago. She was very adamant that she will not smoke ever again after the operation, and it was convincing. More convincing than my dad ever was. Until today, when I walked in on her smoking a cigarette. Keep in mind she hasn't even completely gotten her voice back from the operation. I told her that we were lucky that this time it wasn't cancerous, but there's no knowing what it will be next time. 

Folks, I've never smoked in my life, not been addicted to any substance and I'm very disgusted by the looks and smell of cigarettes. So I will not pretend to know what it's like to quit. I'm hoping the great people of this community can give me first hand insight on what exactly they go through when they try to quit, and if there's anything at all I can be doing to help them kick this horrible addiction, anything at all.

Thank you.