A history of a (many times) reformed smoker.

Hi everyone. Like many here I've been wrestling with the demon of Nicotine and feel writing some stuff down might be helpful both for me and hopefully others who might recognize some similar issues they had. Even better if anything I write helps someone avoid the same pitfalls.

1986 aged 16 I started to smoke. I carried on throughout my 20s smoking a packet or so a day. I remained quite fit in those days with cycling though. But I also got really sick whenever I got a cold or flu. Chest infections which took weeks to clear.

2004 Diagnosed with Double Pneumonia and got very ill. Freaked me out so much that I managed to quit using Lozenges quite easily because I was so angry about what I'd been doing to myself. I stayed completely Nicotine free for 8 years until:

2012 Dabbling. My partner and I went through some really stressful legal challenges with our neighbour. We resolved them (and won) but the stress on me was intense because I dealt with most of it. One evening I convinced myself that one cigarette would help. 

Dabbling got more regular very quickly and prompted a couple of years' wrestling against myself, pulling back and stopping for a few months but then caving again. Gradually every time I weakened, I'd smoke more for longer periods between quits. By 2014 I was mostly smoking and when I wasn't, I was using Nicotine Lozenges. Between then and 2017, I kept slipping back down into the hole of addiction either just as or just after I'd managed to get out of it.

November 2017. My most recent and I believe final quit. I have ultimately accepted that just like an alcoholic can't have just one drink, I can't smoke just one cigarette and that has been helpful to acknowledge. I will always be a potential nicotine addict. Over the last five years I have realised this battle is very psychological. I must have been through the process more than half a dozen times and with each attempt I found it harder to summon the willpower to climb out of the addiction again. I honestly don't know how many more times I can keep trying before accepting I'm beaten, and that frightens me. 

So one day last November after smoking for probably 6 months since my previous quit, I woke up and knew somehow that my head was right for another go. For 3 months I tapered down on Nicotine using Lozenges, telling myself it didn't matter how many I got through or for how long I was dependent on them......Just as long as I didn't smoke again, which I didn't do. 

2 weeks ago I got Aussie Flu and was so ill for 3 days I had no Nicotine cravings or any Lozenges. As I started to feel better I decided to use those 3 days as a starting point for being completely free of the drug. Personally, although Lozenges are great in the short term, I think the ultimate freedom is to leave the house without worrying if I have drugs on me to keep me free from cravings throughout the day. The moment that happens, my life is simpler and more satisfying. I think there's an elegance to not depending on external things (beyond air and food). Certainly cigarettes and Nicotine are not worth their cost.

Tonight I had probably my worst craving yet while I took the dog out. The Lozenges had made the 3 months quite straightforward and crave free but without any Nicotine at all I have had cravings this last week. I expected them and believe that it's easier for me to tackle quitting in 2 stages. Stage one: Kill the habit and then Stage two: Kill the dependency on the drug. Even though it was a challenging crave that lasted a while, I knew it wouldn't beat me because I've already tamed the habit of actually smoking. Then it just becomes about managing a chemical withdrawal.

I know from previous experience that in a month or two I will hardly think about smoking or be craving Nicotine as long as I keep off it. But this time round I am also very, very aware of how easy it is to slip. The fear that I can't keep lapsing and then putting the effort into beating it again has made this quit feel a lot more similar to my first time when I managed 8 years. I hated it then and I hate it again now in the same way. 

Being slightly / really vain......I hated what it did to my teeth and gums, my breath and my skin. Whenever I was going through a smoking phase I was always aware of being smelly or putting people off with smoker's breath or stinky clothes. On top of that, there's the paranoia whenever there's a chest pain that takes a while to go away. I've finally realised that I've had enough of it all and need to be certain it never troubles me again.

This time I will treasure my abstinence and never trick myself into surrendering it. Nor will I take it for granted or allow naive curiosity to tempt me into dabbling again. Some of us manage to quit for good and that's great. I thought I had done that during those eight years but it seems I had to relearn some lessons around complacency, underestimating how devious and insidious a foe Nicotine remains.....Waiting for you to be weak for as long as it takes to say "One won't do any harm".

Thanks to anybody who stuck with this post. I hope some of it resonated or was helpful in some way.