So, an interesting thing happened while having a cold beer . . .

I forgot that I was a smoker, lol. 

Sunday was beautiful in my area. It was about 75 degrees, sunny, light breeze. I went for a short run and saw that the local bar was open. I had nowhere to be for a few hours and so went home, cleaned up, and decided to go down, talk with a friend, and have a couple of beers. 

Before I went to the bar, I went into the gas station and picked up some gum. That's an act that is now as automatic for me as it used to be to buy cigarettes. I went into the bar, ordered a beer, and started chatting. After about an hour, surrounded by smokers, I realized that I hadn't had a single craving once. I was having a beer and did not want to smoke. 

I was excited. No one in the bar would understand. They were all smoking and though it's great that I quit, there is no need to brag about it. Especially in a bar. 

I messaged a friend, a non-smoker now as well. He got it. I then finished my beer and left. I felt happy. I finally felt like a true non-smoker. 

The next day, I got put on a new medicine and you can't drink on it. So, my one experience of realizing I could have beer and not smoke was nice  . . . even if short lived.

I like that I almost have to be reminded by a little voice that says "Hey, you used to smoke. You don't now." I like that I have a lighter in my house for candles and it doesn't make me crave cigarettes. 

I have people that asked me how I quit, how in the world I did it cold turkey. I tell them:

For the first week or two, daily I told myself "Well, you made it as a non-smoker today, let's do it again tomorrow" 

and then  . . . be patient with yourself. It's not magic. It's time. The first few days felt like weeks. Now I don't count at all. I come here to be reminded. Not because I'm lax on what it means to be a non-smoker, but because I'm no longer white knuckling this and waiting for the magical day it becomes better. It just happens, quietly. One day you are craving and thinking it's the worst choice you ever made. The next day you realize you made it through your morning coffee without wanting a cigarette.

A while later you realize you had a fight with your S.O. and didn't smoke. Or even want to.

Then you go and have a beer at the local bar and realize you didn't reach for a cigarette.

My recovery has been subtle. Many little subtle moments adding up to feeling so incredible. 

It's seconds. Then minutes. Then days . . . weeks . . months. 

