I quit last summer for 3 months, but started up again when in a high stress environment. How do I break away from using cigarettes as a coping mechanism?

Last summer, I finally made it to my dentist after a year of not making the time for it (gross, I know) and as a result had to undergo two sessions of deep cleaning as well as two wisdom teeth extraction over the course of three weeks. Quit cold turkey, and actually had no problems! No withdrawal, no cravings, even managed to deal with the stress of waitressing full time without resorting to one. I had been a moderately heavy smoker (10-15 cigarettes a day) for 9 years, but since all this effort was going into fixing up my teeth, I might as well fix up my whole self. By the time my gums had healed, I was smoke-free for a month.

This continued the rest of summer, until I went back to school to for my Masters degree. It's a very intensive program and I lasted 5 weeks before I started smoking again. First it was just 1 or 2 when I needed a break, but as I became more stressed, I smoked more until I was back at my usual 15 a day. 

For me, the act of smoking itself- inhaling and exhaling smoke- is very calming. I picture myself letting go of my stressors every time I blow the smoke out. I've tried doing that without the cigarette and it doesn't help. I've tried replacing the habit with gum, candy, seeds/nuts, doodling, will-power, but nothing feels as calming as smoking.


I know that it's hard to believe that it's not the nicotine speaking, but I really can't break away from the physical act of smoking as a coping mechanism for stress. How did you folks disassociate yourself from that and what are some replacement techniques for handling stress?

I've tried ecigs before and they're great for feeling better, but at the end of the day I don't want to be putting any more money into this habit and I want to be free of this. For the past week, I've been getting by with 1 cigarette a day and just smoked my last one. I don't want to buy a new pack, but am nervous I might give in as soon as I feel overwhelmed again.


So sorry for the long post, but thank you for any insight.


TL;dr: please see title


Edit: format and words and such

Edit 2: THANKS to everyone who replied! I've been on campus and working all day so haven't had a chance to check back in until recently but I fully appreciate the suggestions.