3 days free...

**WARNING**: Very long rant about how I've been feeling and what's happened to me since quitting.

I have officially gone 3 days without smoking a single cigarette. For some reason I feel like I can finally beat this addiction. I stopped smoking on a Saturday and ended up going to a cottage party where I would be in the presence of smokers. The girl I was seeing at the time was also a smoker. I went to the party with my roommate, her, and her friend. That night I ended up getting way too drunk, getting angry and getting violent with some of my closest friends. I remember yelling at the girl I was seeing because I thought she was being too flirty. "You're such a jealous person! You have such an attitude!" She yelled back. I don't remember anything after that. 

I woke up on Sunday afternoon with a pounding headache and the taste of vomit in my mouth. I don't remember how I got to bed. Apparently I had puked all over my friend's carpet and was too drunk to clean it up so my friends had to. They also had to put me to bed early in the night. The girl I went to the party with was much nicer to me that morning. We shared some laughs and played air hockey in the basement of the cottage instead of looking for her friend's lost phone. 

On the drive back I had stopped for food. I walked into the McDonald's alone. That's where she found me. She started touching my hands and planted a kiss on my lips. Suddenly my hangover was cured. I felt at peace on the drive back. The open road and my favorite band playing from the car's sound system. After dropping her and her friend off, my roommate told me something I didn't want to believe. 

While I was passed out at the party, the girl I brought up ended up making out and falling asleep with one of my old friends. I felt sick. A sickness twenty times worse than my hangover. Now I really wanted to throw up. I really wanted a cigarette. I yelled and screamed and slammed my steering wheel. She was right. I was a jealous person. She definitely gave me a reason to be jealous. I spoke to my old friend who hooked up with her. He said that when he asked her if anything was going between me and her she said 'no'. I wanted to cry. The fact that she openly said I meant nothing to her hurt me more then the act she performed. What's even worse is she didn't even tell me. She played it off like nothing happened and continued to deceive me. That's it. I'm done with her. I refuse to let her hurt me again. She called me throughout the day and I never answered. By the fifth missed call she texted me "are you OK?" The Nerve! It wasn't even worth my time. She was willing to manipulate me. Never tell me what happened. I heard from my roommmate. From the host of the party. Even from the guy she hooked up with. But never from her.

Never have I felt so hurt. The lack of nicotine doesn't help either. As much as my body desperately wants a cigarette, I know it won't make me feel any better. What happened is done and it will continue to make me sad.  With or without a cigarette. I'm done with smoking. I'm done with her. As much as it hurts, I know I won't feel this bad in a long time. Especially with smoking out of the picture.



TL;DR: Got hurt by a girl after deciding to quit smoking. Enjoying the sadness.

Sorry for the rant
