What are your experiences with Welbutrin/Bupropion? Serial quitter here.

EDIT: After talking to friends and my therapist again, I decided to take the first pill this morning. I'd be happy to update about my experience for anyone interested. Thank you everyone for the comments and support!  
    
tl;dr: What are your experiences with Welbutrin? I'm a serial quitter considering it as a last-ditch option, but I'm afraid of the side effects.  
  
Hi, r/stopsmoking!    
I'm a serial quitter, probably among the worst--I've tried to quit maybe hundreds of times. Tried the patch, vaping, Allen Carr, lifestyle changes, introspection, I already have a longstanding meditation and yoga practice, blah blah blah. I'm a tough case, apparently.  
  
Started smoking at age 18, started trying to quit in earnest just after my 28th birthday when I had the intuition that I probably couldn't get away with it for much longer. I'll be 31 next month, so it's been about 3 years of trying.   
  
I'm considering taking Welbutrin/Bupropion for smoking cessation, as it's among the few things I haven't already tried and I really want to quit NOW rather than 20 years from now. But I'm freaked out of the side effects of the drug, and also in general I'm not into taking pills. Suicidal ideation? Seizures? Depression (oddly a side effect of this drug, which is itself supposed to be an antidepressant--wtf)? Yikes!  
  
I've never taken an antidepressant before, and frankly never ever wanted to. No stigma for others who choose to be helped by these drugs, of course--everyone should do what works for them. I just really never wanted to mess with my brain in that fashion personally, so it'd be a big thing for me to give this a go.  
   
Anyway, it was easy to get a prescription from my GP for Welbutrin/Bupropion, and insurance paid for it, so I already have the pills in hand, but haven't taken one yet. I spoke to my therapist, whom I trust (she can't prescribe pills; it's just therapy) and she's into the idea of me taking it. Her opinion is that the drug is pretty mild and won't likely affect my day-to-day brain as much as I'm afraid it will.  
  
Anecdotally, I know a few friends who've been on Bupropion and said it did fuck with them--one said he was a bit manic while on it; the other said he was fine while on it but experienced a month or so of depression after discontinuing it.  
  
I'd really love to know about others' experience with this drug. What was it like for you?  
  
Power to all quitters! Let's be done with stupid addictions.
