Need help to save relationship

 I have been smoking for about 3 years now, and have cut down to about a pack a week.
My SO and I have been together for about a year. When we first started out he knew very little about my habits because well, I didn't do it all that often. He had mentioned that he hates smokers because he grew up with his chain smoking parents, but he knew that I smoked on occasion and he asked me to stop. I don't smoke around him, never will, and I try very hard to make sure that nothing smells like smoke around him. We live together and this definitely helps me, until he is not around. I know that I smoke when I am stressed and bored, which lately has become more frequent. He asks me every once an awhile how I am doing with it and that he still wants me to stop. But it is never in a nice way and I feel cornered which lets face it, only makes me want to run away and have a smoke, but I don't and have a mini panic attack by myself. Most of the time I just tell him I am trying and am actually doing good, and his response will be "well I don't believe you." Basically, I am tired of fighting about it and right now just thinking about it stresses me out. I most certainly choose him over cigarettes. But my question is- How do I help him understand that I want to talk to be upfront and honest with him, but don't want him to jump down my throat if I slip up. A lot of changes have happened within the last year with my health that have encouraged me to quit (nothing smoking related), I have also been put on quite a few medications. I have started going to the gym again to try and focus my mind on my health, just trying one baby step at a time. This morning he saw a pack in my purse and basically gave me a choice between him or smoking, pretty much anything that I said went in one ear out the other. But he doesn't seem to get that its not going to happen overnight. Especially if I don't feel that I have his support and can talk to him about it. Any helpful advice, tips, anything would be greatly appreciated. 
