Day 4

Day 4 without a cigarette, I feel like I could cry I'm so happy! 

A little background, I started smoking 5 years ago (A relatively small amount of time). I smoked about half a pack a day when I was working in the food industry. For about 2 years I only smoked maybe 3 cigarettes a day, unless I was drinking, then more like half a pack. I figured now is the best time to quit, after reading through this forum I know many people have a much longer history and smoke a lot more than I do. 

So now here I am on day 4. I recently started a weight loss journey, and when I almost passed out in my first Zumba class I knew what I had to do. Not to mention I've always hated the smell, and my chest had been hurting for awhile. Every winter without fail I get an absolutely horrible chest infection, I'll be interested to see if I get one this year. I'm also tired of lying to my family, who I always hid it from. I knew it was bad but continued to do it, and that cognitive dissonance really messed with me. The real final straw for me was after smoking almost a whole pack at a Halloween party and just feeling soooo disgusting after. When I woke up the next morning I just naturally thought "I'll never have another cigarette". 

I am using a vape though, 6 mg, and I only allow myself to puff on it 3 times a day, ten minutes at a time. (In previous attempts to quit I did it all wrong and ended up with a worse nicotine addiction) I hope soon to only use the vape when I drink (which is maybe every other weekend), and then phase it out all together. 

I just want to say thank you to everyone who contributes to this forum, it's been so motivating to read other experiences and read some of the advice. It sounds werid, but I just know I'll never go back,  I even have half a pack sitting in a drawer where I threw it and haven't been tempted at all. Now if only I can get my best friend to do the same... he's been smoking 10 years, probably a pack a day, yet is convinced his lung function is 100%...

If you're asking yourself right now if you should quit, DO IT, and never look back. 