I‘m not the best mom I can be...

I’m not the best mom I can be...

&amp; I can credit that to smoking cigarettes. I stopped as soon as i found out i was pregnant. After I had my baby, I was doing well, except for that occasional craving. This said craving would really only come about when I was around others who smoke. This wasn’t a big issue while I was pregnant obviously, because people would typically not smoke around me at that time. Good Samaritans and what not.. Anyway, I’ve learned that after you have your baby, people don’t give an honest s#^% about your lungs, frankly and will smoke around you as soon as you pop that kiddo out. 

So with that, the cravings got worse and I finally caved. Never smoked in the house with the kid. None of that. But I started again and didn’t see the big issue. Little did I realize what a serious problem it was actually causing. I noticed that my fiancé and I were becoming distant because I started smoking so much. I was beginning to feel that I wasn’t spending enough QUALITY time with my baby. What with seemingly always wanting to smoke. As awful as it sounds, I still never had any real drive to quit. I’d honestly been letting it run my life. 

WELL today, while I was walking in the park, I was Jonesing for a sweet little cancer stick. (MMMMM RAT POISON) So I sparked one up. I know what you’re thinking, “You were going for a walk. What the f@&amp;k is wrong with you? There are children running around. Who smokes while they’re working out?”

Me.
Apparently.

What makes this worse though is at the time, my child was also with me. Didn’t see a huge issue though until I heard someone at the park say something. Not directly TO ME, but definitely loud enough for me to hear. I heard one girl ask her friend, “Is she seriously smoking?” At first I was thinking, you know, f@&amp;k off? We’re outside? What tf is the problem? After taking a literal minute and a half to process what an ABSOLUTE ASS I actually looked like, I found the nearest trash can and threw my cigarettes away. 

I’m not talking to anyone about it. I’m not making a big deal in case I do “fall off the wagon”, though I don’t plan on it. I tell people I’m quitting all the time and never stick with it. Not this time. I feel like I need to start speaking through my actions and just shut my mouth the f@&amp;k up. 

So yeah, tomorrow will be day one, cigarette free. 

Moral of the story? Call people out on their stupidity. They need it. Like really badly. 


tl;dr: I smoked in front of my kid in public and some ladies made me feel like the TRASH THAT I AM.