Need some help. I want to try Chantix but my insurance won’t cover it.

So I just turned 27 and have been smoking since I was 16.

I’ve tried everything but medication to help me quit. The longest I’ve made it without is a few months.

I’m surrounded by smokers and tobacco users on a regular basis and I can never stay away.

I’ve struggled with addiction most of my life and I’ve got pretty much everything under control except nicotine and caffeine. The fact that I didn’t end up with problems way worse than those is a miracle.

Anyways, Cigarettes are the one thing I can never stay away from. My mom smoked while she was pregnant, my parents smoked in the house and around me my entire life. Basically the second I picked up a cig I was screwed.

I feel like I’ve tried everything and the health effects are starting to catch up to me. My teeth are failing, I can’t participate in sports like I used to, and I’ve had several other bouts of health problems that are mostly likely a direct result of smoking. 

The problem is that I fucking love it and it’s become a routine in my life. I love my cig on my way to work at 4:30am. I love my cig with coffee at 6:30am. I love my cig after meals. 

I’ve been able to cut way back by interrupting these routine cigarettes but still end up finding time for one. 

I desperately want to quit but at the same time love every drag. 

My thought process is that if I can get a little chemical help to take the pleasure out of it then I’ll be able to kick it once and for all. 

My doctor just wrote me a prescription for Chantix but my insurance won’t cover it and I can’t afford to pay out of pocket. The only reason I don’t chain smoke is because I can’t afford to.

I know there are a lot of methods to try but nothing has worked so far. 

I basically live paycheck to paycheck, and a sudden expense like this is going to hurt. 

Has anyone had any success with their insurance company covering it?

Sorry this post has turned into a bit of a rant but I’m so frustrated. I pay more because it’s documented that I’m a smoker but they won’t help me quit. My Dr. is going to try and fight the insurance for me but they were not very optimistic about it. 

TLDR: I really need to quit, want to try Chantix but can’t afford it and insurance won’t cover it. Need help.





 



