I'm quitting and I need your help (M:24)

Hello friends!

I have a few questions about the process involved with quitting smoking. Please share your opinions, stories, and advice! Be brutally honest. If it's a rough experience that is fine, I just want to know what to expect.

I have been smoking since I was 19, on average about half a pack a day. I have had problems with drugs and alcohol (along with eating right and exercising), but I am happy to say that I have found healthy ways to deals with those issues. My capstone challenge is to quit smoking. Something I thought would be even more difficult than drug withdrawal and have only seriously tried once or twice. 

This is the first time I believe I can actually do it, but I want to do it right (for me). I found that I make life changes usually in a gradual process. While I have quit things cold turkey, I typically relapse. Right now I am on the 14 mg patch. (Day #2). The patch seems to be working great! While I don't have nicotine cravings I do get the urge to smoke more out of habit of wanting to feel that smoke in my throat. So I'll hit my vape here and there with light nicotine.

So I get it. I am not quitting nicotine right now, I am just quitting smoking cigs. I'm happy to go slow and quit my smoking habit first, then ween myself off the nicotine.

Concerns/Questions:

1) The nicotine patch seems to be working too good. I don't feel sluggish or tired. If anything I feel like I have more energy. This is concerning because I am wondering if 14 mg patch is too high. Granted I only started yesterday afternoon, but I was expecting more of a struggle. Should I consider cutting the patch or getting the 7 mg now?

2) My game plan is to break the smoking habit with the patch. Then next week I want to ween off the nicotine. By week three I want to be off the patch and only vape and use the gum very occasionally if necessary. Week four I want to not use any of those products habitually or at all. Does this sound like a good game plan? I know some ppl are quicker and others are slower. Any words of warning?

Lastly, I started Allen Carr's book. Since I had technically already committed to not smoking and using the patch I am waiting until the end of the book to try/consider cold turkey. So far, he really seems to be on to something about quitting cold, but the jury is still out.

Any pointers or general comments are welcome!! THANKS!!!