I smoked and quit cold turkey once, but that put me in a bad place. Now I am doing better mentally, but I am smoking again... I want to quit.

I am 23, been smoking since I was 16. I had one break, which was when I decided my junior year of college I was going to quit cold turkey. I stuck to it. However, I got really obsessive over my withdrawal symptoms. I got constipated, and would literally wait for days for relief. I got nauseous and wouldn't eat. I started to watch my gut so intensively, because I thought I was actually sick, that I could feel every sensation in the interior of my stomach (or so it felt). That meant every gas bubble was an urge to puke, every meal made me nauseous, every walk made my head spin. Back then, I was a very big athlete. I played a bunch of club sports in college, weighed between 170 to 180 lbs, and worked out profusely. After all this, I couldn't go for a run because of the lightheadedness. I lost about 50-60 pounds, and I eventually dropped out of school to live in my mom's basement. All the while, I was thinking I was actually sick. I went to GI doctors, ENTs, general physicians. All clear here, all clear there. Thousands of dollars for nothing more than "he is fine." Then what the fuck was the deal?

Well, I finally leveled with myself and thought maybe this was in my head. I couldn't be sick for two years from some phantom bug. One doctor told me it might be anxiety, so I decided to give that a shot, and I ran with that for a while. I went to a specialist who told me I was obsessing way to hard on my symptoms. I never told him that I developed them because I quit smoking. I was too embarrassed. However he worked with me, and taught me how to think positively even when I felt sick 24/7 and I just started pushing my boundaries. I transformed from a reclusive skeleton, to walking a mile a day, driving down the street and back, walking further, driving further, enrolling back into school online, getting a job around the corner to pay rent to my parents, making new friends, drinking again, getting another job that was more intensive, finishing a semester physically in class, fucking kicking ass and acting like I was "normal" again. The one thing I wish I would've never of done was picking back up the cancer sticks. I did it because I thought I wouldn't be around for much longer, so who gives a fuck, right? But now that I am in a better place, I don't really want to rock the boat, although I really want to quit. I'm reading things online about how you cannot really repair the damage you do, but only mitigate how extensive it is. I don't want to die young, but I also don't want to ruin all this positive momentum as I am finally making my life my own again. 

Has anyone gone through something similar? Can I ween? 