Closing in on One Year.

              I am, just recently turned, 40 years old.  Most likely, whoever you may be, 40 is not far from where you are now. Either you remember it like it was yesterday, or it's just around the corner from you.  One of the more important things to understand in this life is that time is moving quickly. 40 comes up quickly like a hard right turn in the middle of your life. If your lucky to even see 40 years. I know quite a few who never even got here. Anyway...
          The quick and dirty... I started smoking cigarettes in high school, both my parents smoked. My whole family smoked, so I've been packed in smokey cars and kitchens since i was a baby. 
    This year will be the longest time I haven't had a cigarette since I was a boy, 15 years old or so.  This consideration makes me weep, truly.          
     My Mother had a stroke at age 60, lost her right side.  She continued to smoke and died quickly of lung cancer four years later.  On a side not, she was the best person I've ever known, in more ways than can be listed here.
     I watched her die gasping, but even then I didn't quit smoking. It took about four more years.
  There is a deep, deep psychological grasp here.  It is very hard.   It Gets Easier. It really does, and life is beautiful and worth the effort. 
    The real catalyst behind my quit was that my wife became pregnant with our daughter. If you do the math I quit about three months before she was born.I don't know if having a child is a viable quitting tool for you but, if your a good person, I recommend having at least one.It's a day changer, to say the least. I don't know if you've ever eaten an eighth of mushrooms and drove a train but it's a bit like that.   
    I could not, in good conscience, subject my child to the smoking lifestyle.The toxicity. I am grateful for my breathe, and I am regretful of my wasted health ......and money... and blah..blah...
         I wish you all the very best of luck in your own quitting.I do.  It is very hard.   It Gets Easier. It really does, and life is beautiful and worth the effort.  Best to you all.   
   After one year, I feel great. It's become very difficult to remember the overwhelming need for another cigarette.  It is a difficult change, but very achievable. Stay strong.        
     
 