Good habits I started before I quit:

Previous post:           
            
https://www.reddit.com/r/stopsmoking/comments/9tapix/im_going_to_stop_smoking_on_january_1st_after_12/?st=JQ5FYCYJ&amp;sh=f5f4c335              
            
I didn’t get a lot of helpful advice, so I thought I’d update.                  
                  
First, I followed the advice to quit immediately. I made it 28 hours, but as soon as my lips touched beer, I caved. I resolved to stick to my original quit date and quit drinking for a while at the same time. I also downloaded and began using the Smoke Free app.                       
                  
Next, I got a gym membership with my wife. This was something she had wanted to do but never taken initiative with. She doesn’t smoke, so this gave us an activity to do together with no associated triggers for me. We started going 3 days a week immediately after work, and I made it a point to not smoke for 1 hour before and after we left.                     
                             
Another thing I started doing was bringing about 2 lbs. of raw vegetables (carrots, celery, and radishes) to work for lunch and to graze on throughout the day. In addition to keeping my mouth occupied, I had started losing weight. I mostly did this to mitigate the inevitable weight gain.              
                  
Also, I cut my smoking in half. From a pack a day to roughly 10-11 cigs. This helped me better understand my cravings and triggers.                  
                
Finally, I checked this subreddit every day when I smoked. I had been waiting to quit through the holidays, and this helped keep me focused on my goal. Though y’all told me not to wait, I did, but I used the time to craft better habits that, I hope, will make this life-changing choice a success.           
                  
Though I planned to quit on the 1st, I rescheduled my quit date to the Dec. 27th, immediately after my post-clock-out smoke, so that I would have 5 days off work to take it easy. I warned my family and friends that I would be taking at least a month off of social obligations (January is a time when not a lot happens).           
                  
When quit day rolled around, I picked up some sublingual CBD oil (which recently became legal) and used 3 drops during each craving. I call it my placebo because I’m not sure if it did anything other than being a mouth-hand ritual. I rarely use it these days, but I still keep it handy.          
                    
I think that’s all for this post. 18 days and 16 hours so far. 