How can I help my mom quit? Smoker for over 50 years

My mom has smoked since she was 12, she is in her mid 60's now. It has always been a dark cloud over her life as no one can stand to be in her home and she uses it as an excuse to duck out of gatherings early or avoid obligations all together. For example, her oldest granddaughter is getting married soon about 3 hours from where she lives. Her car isn't fit to make the drive, but she can't rent one because she can't smoke in it, and she refuses to ride with anyone else because she couldn't smoke in the car. So she just isn't going. This is how strongly it dominates her life. 

She has never shown an interest in quitting until last night. We were speaking on the phone and after a coughing fit, she told me to pray she quits smoking. She told me the only way she could is if she was hypnotized and then had all smoking-related items removed from her home, everything repainted and fresh linens to hide the smell. I was really shocked, because she had always made it seem like we (the family) were in the wrong for asking her to quit, and suddenly she sounds so desperate to stop herself. 

There are several obstacles. For one, over 50 years of habit and routine and addiction. How the hell does someone overcome that? Secondly, she does not like ecigs/vapes. Third, she has tried patches and can't chew the gum. 

Is there any hope? I am 2,000 miles away and want so badly to help her. Cigarettes have controlled her life and overshadowed a large portion of mine while growing up. My father smoked and died from lung cancer and I am amazed she is still around, honestly. I would love to keep it that way for as long as possible. 

Thank you for your help. 

EDIT: Thank you all so much for the wonderful advice and tools. I have purchased the Allen Carr book for her and if she shows interest from there I will recommend the apps and websites mentioned. I will try to be supportive but not pushy and just love and encourage her even if she slips up or doesn't fully commit. Thank you again!