The Last Will and Testament of Me, the Smoker

This is a reminder post for me to look at when I'm considering breaking (again, as I often have in the past). I'm sick of the things that come with smoking, I'm keen on a bunch of things that have come with cutting down, and there are a few things I will sincerely miss but can reproduce without cigarettes, or don't actually need.

I've been a serial quitter for a little over a year now, after four years of smoking - this time last year I spent a month overseas and didn't smoke but fell back into it when I got home. Around May I stopped for a few weeks, but re-started for dumb reasons. I've been cutting down and cutting down since December, with my last pack being dragged out from before Christmas until just now. 

I've been 'publicly' quit since boxing day, and I think I'm ready to go the whole hog. I'm sick of the heavy feeling in my chest after a cig, I'm sick of sweating like a pig when I'm cycling places. I'm sick of ducking out for a half hour evening walk that's a front for a six minute cig, and brushing my teeth in the middle of the day before seeing my partner for lunch. I'm sick of that hot, dry feel in the mouth, of waking up dehydrated in the morning despite drinking plenty of water.

I like the double take my friends do when they offer me a smoke, and that the offers and double takes are getting less frequent. I like the money I'm saving, and the guarantee of getting a table at the cafe because we can sit indoors or out. I like that there is a wider range of bars I can go to now, and that I can finish a game of dota and queue for the next one immediately, if that's a thing I want.

I will miss the camaraderie of smoking between sets at a gig, the easy exit from a dull party that is 'I'm just ducking out for a cig.' I will miss the quick study break that a cigarette represents, and the way that smoking can soothe feeling a bit uncomfortable. None of these things are irreplaceable, and can be reproduced without poisoning myself slowly.

As of half an hour ago, I'm done. If I'd not had that cigarette after an argument tonight I would have been done two days ago. I can do this, and there's absolutely no reason not to.

Sincerely, 

Me, Non-Smoker