My first anniversary being smoke free

I was diagnosed with early stage emphysema November 14 2014. I quit smoking cold turkey the next day, November 15.   I had originally planned to use Chantix and my Dr. had prescribed it for me but I decided I'd rather try cold turkey than use a crazy drug like that first.  I felt at least that if cold turkey didn't work I'd have the Chantix to fall back on instead of vice versa.

Anyway, I had my last smoke on a Friday night, didn't smoke all weekend and took Monday and Tuesday off work just to chill at home, play video games and stay away from triggers.   It worked and I've been quit ever since.  The first week was the hardest.   

I cheated 2 times over the past year.  One time I was  cleaning out my car and found a pack under one of the seats with a single cigarette left in it.   It had been about 2 months and I felt confident I could 'play' with this one.   I lit it and took a drag into my mouth.  I didn't inhale but just savored the taste before pushing it out of my mouth with my tongue.   I repeated that action again.   On the third puff, I inhaled.   I immediately extinguished the remaining cigarette and destroyed it.  The sensation was too tempting. 

The second time I cheated was very much like the first.  It was 4 or 5 months since I quit.  I was at a party and someone had left a  long butt burning in the ashtray and I was out there alone.  I picked it up and 'tasted it' once.  Then , because I was drinking, I took 3 or 4 full hits, inhaling as much and fully as I could.  I realized quickly I wasn't helping myself and put it out.    Those were the only times I cheated and neither tempted me enough to consider starting smoking again.

Sometimes when I pass the smoke shop I think about how easy it would be to pull in there and buy a carton just to start up again.  Then I take a deep breath and feel how clear my lungs and sinuses feel, even with the damage from my previous 29 years of smoking.  I realize how fucking stupid it would be for me to even consider something like that.  I wish I had never started.  Even though I feel better, I still feel... diminished.   I have panic attacks because I know my lungs are damaged. I never had a panic attack before my doctor showed me scars on my lungs from a CT scan.   I know they will never get better.  They will actually slowly get worse.    My quitting smoking will slow the progression of the COPD but it will keep going.    I have to be extra careful and make sure I get the flu shot and vaccinated for pneumonia.   

When I see young people smoking, I just want so badly to warn them.  To save them from the terror of being diagnosed with something that you can't get over.   It's not lung cancer.  When I was young that's really all I ever worried about when I smoked.  I would think of the times I had seen old men buying their Lucky Strike unfiltered smokes, and pick out a way to believe that I was one of the lucky ones that wouldn't get sick like they hadn't.   I never even considered other diseases like Emphysema.

I am celebrating today because I have beaten my cigarette smoking habit.   I know I will never again submit to it's thinly veiled excuse of a pleasurable drug.  That being said I will still fight it every day as I have been the last 365.   So many times I smell it and taste it when those around me are indulging.   I just remember where it got me and it's easier to shrug it off.  Just go cold turkey.  I was always very weak regarding my vices and considered going cold turkey impossible.   It wasn't.   I'm still doing it every day.



