Day 1

It's just been a growing feeling that I want to quit. Tired of sneezing/blowing my nose every morning. Tired of feeling lethargic and depressed and distracted. Need to exert more self-control in general, and if I can exert self-control over a chemical addiction that's had me spending money for 8 years, then I can exert control over any aspect of my life. Might as well start with the hard part. 

Last night I made a facebook post saying simply "I want to quit smoking." Not "I'm going to quit smoking" or "I just quit smoking"; I simply announced my desire, and seeing it written there had an odd effect on me. Then logging into facebook throughout the rest of the evening, seeing my desire again, and seeing it gain likes and comments reinforced that. I still hadn't made up my mind, but I at least knew for sure what I **wanted** for once, and that was kind of a weird click. I only had two left in my pack at that point. I smoked them. They tasted weird.

I went to work later that night (working at a bar/music venue). Usually I can't even be there without a pack in my pocket. I have made myself late stopping to buy a fresh pack. Not last night. I DID end up smoking a couple, because I still hadn't actually made the decision to stop yet, I just knew I wanted to. But this is much better than my typical chaining habit while waiting during the gap between sound check and showtime. It was hard to concentrate. I knew it would be distracting but this was straight up awkward. People were telling me long input lists and stage plots which normally is no big deal but there was a sort of twitchiness about my brain that made it really hard to focus on a long list of instruments. I made it work, but I felt like I looked awkward or dumb or standoffish and this was uncomfortable.

This morning I went to my other job. Still haven't bought a pack. Still haven't smoked a cigarette. Go me. I'm a writing tutor during the day, so I have to sit one on one with college students and go through their essays. Still hard to focus. Hard to form useful sentences, which is odd because typically this job comes pretty easily to me. It's not so much that I'm distracted by cravings or by the thought of smoking, but there's a weird feeling to my body, like my eyes feel different, like they're taking in more light than they're used to, like I can feel my face more than usual and my skin. I'm aware that this is more oxygen in my blood reaching the surface, which is obviously a good thing. And it's not a bad feeling. And I'm not all that grumpy actually because I know I'm doing what I want to for once. But it is distracting and uncomfortable and I don't quite feel like myself. Too bad.

Sorry for the spiel. I'm on my break at the tutoring job and this is the time I would typically go out and smoke. My hands are a bit twitchy and so I decided to just write down every bit of my experience so far. Hope someone gets something out of it.

Not scared. Don't be scared. Just quit if you want to and feel good that you are in control, even if you're weird.

Gotta go back to the bar later today. I don't really want to smoke there either.