I think I came to my senses

Hi /r/stopsmoking,

I've lurked here on my first attempt to stop smoking and it helped, a lot! But I'm here once again. I managed only 5 days that seemed like eternity and I fell head first into the trap of just one right when I was coming out of a deep fog. Today I was half way through a marlboro red, fresh out of the pack having one right after I get out of school like I usually do. Recently I've felt a pain in the right major vein in my right leg, when I roll over a certain way in bed to just get up in the morning it feels like someone is squeezing my heart and it hurts. I definitely notice my problems breathing now in all facets of my life. At first it was minimal, now it has even increased to walking up steps I feel it. 

I should have known not to smoke. I saw it right in front of me the entire time. My father has been smoking since he was 13. By the time he was 35 he was smoking two packs of unfiltered camels a day, and using chewing tobacco in places he couldn't smoke, had a terrible diet. He ended up having his first heart attack at 40, then a open heart surgery, then another heart attack. Now he just continues to use chewing tobacco but I still see the lasting effects of the smoking on his body daily. 

To end this long rant, I felt an utter sense of impending doom earlier today. Imagine having sleep paralysis or a scary moment in your life where you just get tunnel vision. That's what I felt earlier today and I haven't gone near my cigarettes, when I picked them up I honestly felt scared to look at them. The only thing that went through my head were the images of me when I sat on my fathers hospital bed seeing him in a coma almost and reaching his hand out to me, that was from his second heart attack. I get nervous every time I go to smoke a cigarette. My hands shake, I think of what it will do to me down the line, I end up succumbing to the habit I have formed and just continue down it. I don't want to die early /r/stopsmoking, I'm honest to god scared now. I hope I can contribute to this subreddit, make small baby steps and go after my goals.