Resetting after only 4 days.

So maybe it was a dumb idea to try to quit the day before a wedding. I know a few of you out there will say "No! It's all in your mind!" etc but... My brain doesn't work that way I guess. I was very uncomfortable and I needed not to be twitchy and evasive and distracted. You say excuses, but I know my mind. Really, I'm just trying to forgive myself and move on. 

Besides that, when I caved I made it a point to quit again right after the wedding. And now here I am, feeling pretty comfortable without a pack, largely because I know I don't have to look perfectly happy for anyone (or hit on any bridesmaids).

Anyway, maybe for a lot of you "the right time is always NOW!" But for me it wasn't, and I knew it wouldn't be. For me, four days ago, the right time was four days from then, and I even said so, but I was tempted by your overwhelming positivity. Not that it had any consequences other than me beating myself up for a minute with your voices in my head. It actually took someone from /r/getdisciplined to be nice to me about it.

Really I bring this up for the others in my boat. I don't mean to criticize anyone's personal methods, but blunt positivity isn't for everyone. For those of you that need to make a plan, make a plan. Just make sure you make it in such a way that you can stick to it. Yes, you can face this with sheer willpower and exclamation points. But you can also face it with some amount of reasonability. 

So if you *are* like me, and getting empty-feeling motivational bs responses when you wanted advice is a turn-off, well, you're not alone, and you can do it too. Find the posts that make sense to you. 

On the other hand, if you do dig cheerleader-style gogettems and feelgoodery, there's plenty of that to be had as well. Whatever works for you :) 

(oh, and lest I sound too cynical and grumpy, thanks everyone for being here, whatever your personal methods. glancing at this board every day helped quite a bit, even if I don't agree with everything.)