Day 0?

I smoked two today, so I can't claim it to be day 1, but I'll be back here in 24 hours to claim day 1, I know it. I'm still proud to have only smoked 2, though, as I've been at a pack a day for about 6 years (wow. time flies), and those were the last two in the last pack i'll buy. 

Though this hopefully would have happened eventually without you guys, seeing that post on bestof got me in here, and reading everyone's posts (especially the recent rash of newcomers who were presumably introduced to this sub the same way) made me realize there was no reason to wait. I often look at reddit during my smoke breaks, and once i subscribed here, i saw these posts during most cigarettes i smoked.

Someone posted either Sunday or Monday about taking "sick days" to quit, and I had never thought of it like that. One thing that's always stopped me is that i work too much and the stress keeps me at it (or at least, the stress makes me not want to add the stress of quitting to my already stressful days). But when i saw that I thought about it all week, and finally on wednesday I asked my boss if i could take thursday and friday off so that i'd have 4 straight days of stress free quittin' time. I was so nervous about asking, but he was actually thrilled and really supportive.

So last night I had sort of a "last hurrah". I went out drinking and tried to finish the pack i had on me, meanwhile announcing to anyone I knew the nature of this little outing. One of my favorite bartenders gave me a free round of shots and when i asked her why she said "because i'm proud of you, and you wouldn't want to let me down, *right?*" with this playful smile. I agreed, i could not possibly betray her gift. 

Maybe I should have broken the rest in the pack at the end of the night, but at the same time, I'm kind of glad I didn't, because smoking the two today proved beyond a doubt that they were the source (or at least a main source) of my chronic allergies. I slept off the mild hangover, but once that was gone i was actually breathing really clearly, no sneezing or sniffling or anything. Then i found those last two cigarettes. I debated for a bit on whether to break them, but decided to make it an experiment. Sure enough, halfway through the first one my symptoms returned. A couple hours went by and I started feeling better again... so i smoked the second one. Immediate sneezing. Immediate sinus needles, that fucking itch on the inside of my face. Immediate cough. I put the second cigarette out halfway through because snot was dripping from my nose. So now I have my answer as to what's been disrupting my life for the past few months and affecting my sleep quality. Fuck those things.

I'm about to eat my first meal without a cigarette afterward. Maybe I'll miss that little ritual, and it's a shame there's not a way to keep it to that, but so it goes. Fucking little things aren't worth it.

Sorry for the damn novel, but hopefully the above proves useful to someone, as all of you have proved useful to me. See you tomorrow night with a shiny new badge :)