Resetting my badge...not that it was accurate anyway. Caution, long rant inside

I just logged back on here because I've been smoking again on and off for in reality the last 18 months. I had three years under my belt, went through a tough breakup and lost it. 

I've been battling with smoking ever since, and it has got to stop. I've written down some reasons below for me to revisit every time I feel like smoking is a good idea. 

I went from being able to comfortably run 10km in under an hour to barely being able to do 2km, finishing out of breath and feeling like the fattest sack of shit known to man.

I went from being a proud non-smoker to hiding my habit from my family and friends. My girlfriend can't stand smoking, yet I hide it from her and get irritated when she calls me out on it.

I hide it from my flatmates - I smoke when they're out or asleep and either hide them deep in the garbage or leave them on my car to blow away when I'm driving. It's pathetic and I'm acting like a scumbag by littering them all over the road.

I went from thinking for myself, putting my own wellbeing ahead of anything else, to justifying my smoking by thinking "well my brother/friend/co-worker does it and he's fine, so it's totally OK to smoke with him" breaking my own rules and living my life around what they do, and not what I think is right for me.

I went from taking pride in my appearance to constantly being ashamed of how I smell after smoking, avoiding getting too physically close to people for fear of what they think of me. This has filtered down to how I dress, how I do my hair, everything. This weak smokers attitude has basically made me act as though all hope of appearing good and healthy is gone so why bother at all?

I went from having a good surplus of cash at the end of every month to dipping into my savings the week before payday just to go out and buy cigarettes. A pack costs $26.40 here in New Zealand so you can imagine how expensive the habit is.

Things I have to work on.

I think my biggest issue that keeps me from achieving a smoke-free state is my job. I work in sales as a territory rep - it's a job where I am constantly on my own, I have to make stressful decisions and my support from my bosses is minimal, coupled with terrible systems, no backup, and the strain of working on your own with noone to bounce ideas off or vent to.

I think the biggest reason I smoke is because I am either bored or stressed with my job. However, I did this job for over a year without smoking so I'm at a loss as to why I am now so dependant on cigarettes to get me through the day.

I need to change my job to something less stressful and lonesome and I am going to be doing so once I come back from a holiday in two months.

If you've made it this far, thanks for reading. I'd really appreciate some words of advice if anyone cares to chip in. 

I'm sick of feeling guilty, depressed, lonely, ashamed, and disgusted with myself all because of smoking. I need to make a change. Starting today. I smoked my last cigarette five minutes ago. I threw the pack in the bin.

Heres to a new me.

