I fucked up. Time to reset the counter.

I came here 1284 days ago and first set my badge. I experienced the cravings, the stress and strain that came with quitting smoking, and I battled through it. I started running, running a 12km race barely a month after I quit, followed by a 15km race the month after, and then two months after that I nailed a half marathon in 1h48m. I found a great girl, I excelled at work and found a new job that pays extremely well and makes me happy. Things were good!

But I'm back. My sisters marriage broke down and it's been a constant battle to keep her from getting depressed, as my parents are being awful to her and I seem to be her only lifeline (which I wouldn't change for anything, but it still stresses me out). The girlfriend left me in February. I had started smoking again on and off with her while we were drinking a few months beforehand, which once she left descended into nearly a pack a day habit before I could even realise. In the past four months I've thrown more packs of cigarettes down the toilet than I care to say. I've told myself repeatedly, "this is it, you are quitting today" and making it 3, 7, 10 days before buying another pack and picking up where I left off.

I fucking hate it. I hate this person I've become - I HATED cigarettes with a passion when I first quit, and now look at me? Back at it again. I don't run anymore - how could I? My lungs are once again fucked. I hate picking up my clothes and smelling smoke. I hate getting in my truck and seeing an empty packet, or worse one or two stale cigarettes left which get quickly used up and discarded. I hate hiding the smell and the physical evidence from the gorgeous new girl I'm seeing. She's got a Masters degree in medical science and obviously can't stand smoking. Shit, I turned down her coming over the other night because I felt like I smelled too smoky. So what did I do instead? I smoked a few more and then went to bed. Literally turned down sex for cigarettes. What the hell!?

So here I am. Resetting that badge that once filled me with such pride has been hard, but I don't deserve that number anymore. 

I come here with the hope that the community here can help me the way they first helped me those years ago. I'm 25 years old. I smoked from age 17 until 22, and have once again been smoking on and off again for the past four months. I'm sick of it. 

I'll let this be a warning to any of you long time quitters here too - it doesn't take much to be straight back into it. Stay vigilant.