The Polar Bear in the Mountain

Hi.  I wanted to share a technique that worked for me.  It's been about 5 or 6 months since I've had any nicotine whatsoever.

My girlfriend and I quit together.  I had quit many years before and was explaining that the process is a lot like climbing a really, really tall mountain.  This analogy stuck in my head, and it brings me to the technique I used.

I kept going back to that visual of me climbing the mountain every time I craved a cigarette.  My worst cravings would usually be on my morning commute.  Something about the stress of getting to work on time and navigating Winnipeg's sketchy streets would always push me in to a gas station or convenience store to get a smoke.

So, I'd be driving and I'd think something like, "my girlfriend is probably going to cave anyway, I'll just go get a small pack..."

As soon as I noticed myself trying to find a reason to give up, I would think something along the lines of, "climbing mountains ain't easy."

Instead of trying to think of reasons not to smoke, I convinced myself to just think about something else, and as a result, started adding details.

I would visualize the terrain, and how I would navigate it.  At one point, I was exhausted, and ready to give up.  That's when a polar bear took me in to his cave and showed me how to make a fire using only ice.  (stole that from a movie, can't remember the name, but you take the ice and form it in to a lens with your hands.)

I was surprised at how effective this was (the mental technique, not the fire-making).  Getting creative with it made it fun.

There were times when I would catch a whiff of someone's cigarette, and so I would imagine the polar bear freaking out, trying to keep the smoke out of his cave.  I created imaginary conversations with it, (the bear was always wise beyond words), it would get mad at me if I suggested things like, "My girlfriend is probably smoking when I'm not looking, so why shouldn't I?" and it would show me how far up the mountain I've climbed, threatening to throw me off a cliff if I was just going to give up climbing.

Days went by, and by the time I was through the thick of it, the cave had a secret entrance that lead in to many chambers, each one with details, gems sticking out with weird magnetic properties, rainbow water, and all sorts of crazy nonsense.

It was silly, but it was my distraction technique and it helped.

I'll be going on half a year now, my girlfriend never did start back up again, so I'm proud of her.  Good luck to all of you that are in the process.  

Remember, it's your mind, take control of it.