Quit about 9 months ago, a couple thoughts

I found this subreddit and I wanted to share some ideas that helped me personally.
 
I found out in the midst of my smoking that attention deficit disorder sufferers are waaay more likely to be smokers and having been diagnosed as a kid but never medicated; I went to the Medi-cal doctor who wouldn't prescribe anything that actually treats adhd to adults (I guess amphetamines are only for kids). He did prescribe wellbutrin which is used off label for attention deficit, and ironically is an approved quit smoking drug. Doesn't help me focus, but does make focus a lot less taxing. Also it changed how smoking tastes, which alone probably wouldn't have helped me quit, but it also somehow completely severed the cravings for me. I kept smoking out of habit for a little while, but I just wasn't jonesing anymore so I smoked less and less and the hack and the sinus congestion just weren't worth it anymore and I actually quit. I also started a mobile game to help with my fidgets because it gives me something to fiddle with every 15 minutes or so.

I realize this isn't going to be everyones experience, but I am going the long way around saying if you have ADHD it might be something worth trying, and that if you're struggling with anything else (depression) wellbutrin is also used for that and may be worth a try; Also more broadly that if you're struggling with any mental illness (which makes you way more likely to smoke) really try to get treatment to feel better about life and yourself because I think its important to attack the why not just the what.


Past that, I also wanted to share the main idea of the "Easy Way to Quit Smoking". Its an okay read and some of it is helpful. Its really accidental cognitive behavioral therapy (thought replacement). There is a lot of gimmicky and self aggrandizing fluff, but the main idea I found helpful is you never actually feel good when you're smoking, in fact you feel shitty cause you're having withdrawls 24/7. You just feel good when you're smoking because you're feeling less shitty than you do all the time now that you're a smoker. I think thats the real mindfuck, because relief from suffering is huge and it goes toward the trouble I had and I think a lot of people do quitting which is that smoking ends up as a physiologically reinforced coping skill. The reality may be that you are more frustrated and stressed ALL the time and you have to smoke just to get back to feeling 75% as okay as if you had never started smoking to begin with. I quit during my third semester of grad school during the most difficult semester. I was at school or Internship from 8 AM to 8 PM Monday through friday, and I had to use my weekends to do homework, earn a little money, and maintain a relationship, so it was during a period with a lot of stress. I really thinking choosing to do it when its hard is a good idea, because if you do it, you can always look back and say, "this might be hard, but I've already gone without smokes during a lot harder."

I'm not tellin anyone what to do, I'm just offering what helped me. Quit when you're ready, when you're sick of paying out the nose just to make yourself feel like shit, when you're really frustrated with smoking and done with it. And when you do use all the support and ideas you can get your hands on. Its worth it and its doable.