Is this considered a relapse?

I became a non-smoker June 25th 2018, after a pack-per-day fueled 2 year addiction. That is 1 month and 14 days without a cigarette, give or take a few hours... or maybe it's not?

I went through the entire withdrawal process and remained steadfast into my new life as a non-smoker through rough patches and even drunken celebrations; no matter how strong the urge, I didn't give in. Slowly - but surely, as we all know, the cravings became fewer, weaker and further apart.

Until last weekend.

I was travelling to an adjacent Province in Canada where the selection and price of cigarettes is much better than my own. As I was driving alone for 8 hours (long drives: huge trigger) to get to where I was staying, the thoughts of buying a cheap pack and relapsing danced in my mind the entire ride.

When I arrived, the weekend celebrations commenced and along with some friends I began to guzzle cheap beer and appreciate the scent of constant second hand smoke, as almost everyone (to my surprise) in that City smoked, and smoked freely and openly (see: Montreal). Suddenly, I found myself in the same mindset as the first week of cessation all over, and the cravings over came me.

The first time I walked to the corner store, I stayed in line for 2 customers to be served. I had a moment of lucidity and decided to leave before buying any cigs. 20 minutes and a few more beer later, I was back in the store and going through all the familiar motions of buying a pack, opening it, selecting a cigarette and lighting up.

This was me failing myself and relapsing.

However, a saving grace: I remembered the first puff of a cigarette as disgusting and ill-inducing and in my drunken stupor decided to "cheek" the cigarette - i.e. puff on the cigarette, drawing it in to my cheeks and immediately exhaling the smoke before pulling any of it into my lungs. I never actually inhaled any of the cigarette.

Yes, I know nicotine can be absorbed through the tissue in my mouth and I most likely had a nicotine uptake and reactivated the receptors in my brain. But hear me out:

I think I may not reset the counter I have on the smoke free app. After I put out the cigarette shame, guilt and a strong sense of disgust and failure overcame me and even in my nicotine craving, drunken state I decided that instead of enjoying the weekend with the pack of smokes and picking up quitting when I got back home  (which we all know would NOT have happened) I gave the entire pack, minus one smoked - 24 cigarettes - to a complete stranger smoking at the bus stop without hesitating.

Something strange happened after that. I remained in that same city the entire weekend, still drinking and still being around hundreds of smokers, literally shoulder to shoulder with them (at concerts) and never craved a single cigarette. Up to this point I was recovering well, but still having cravings everyday. After that night I never had the urge to smoke again so far


I'm worried that if I reset my counter ( would have been a week ago now that I relapsed) the idea of breaking a week long commitment to not smoking would be much easier than breaking the commitment of 1.5 months and beyond. So I'm deciding not too.

Just wondering what people's thoughts are on this and if something similar has happened to anyone? Especially the one drunken cigarette (not really smoked for me) that led to a change in mindset.

INB4 yes I'm looking for validation for my shitty moment of weakness.