An ongoing tale of someone in hospital and I hope this helps at least one person

A brief background on me I'm a 26 year old who has been smoke since I was 14 smoking anywhere between 15-20 a day I have hay fever and was given an inhaler just to help during high pollen times of the year. 

Okay so all started the end of last week I work In a nursing  home and of course it's the time of year all the residents get coughs and colds being in that environment even with proper hand washing technique and ppe it's still hard not to catch a cold by Monday I was having the usual flu symptoms and being so short staffed carried on working and continued through till Wednesday morning. 

My day off great can finally chill out and relax but my chest had become quite tight and was bringing up large amounts of phlegm being a stubborn guy took a couple of inhaler puffs and carried on my day off with my kids. No change for me came until early Thursday morning when my breathing became very laboured and was struggling to sleep and coughing for minutes at a time I couldn't cope with it anymore and told my wife I was going to the hospital and only living 2mins from my local A and E department drove myself there. 

Upon arrival I was immediately admitted and had a horde of nurses and doctors around my doing paperwork blood tests sorting out nebulisers and taking my sats I was shocked I didn't think it was so bad I've never had a problem which a quick nebuliser hadn't sorted out they were equally shocked I had driven in but knew they would take a long time to get to me and at 4 in the morning drive slow and safe the roads are empty I've always been a very cautious driver. 

After my nebuliser I was immediately transferred to major trauma in A and E and placed on high oxygen intake after a very short time the doctor came to check me and told me I had a severe chest infection with a high case of sepsis of course any one in the health service knows how quick sepsis can become serious and I panicked. They placed me on I've antibiotics, magnesium and fluids I could barely catch my breath and head was spinning. I couldn't talk to my wife which made her freak out having never seen me have more than a cold. I was kept in the unit and transferred later on to icu ward where my condition remained the same. Later in the day I managed to catch my breath enough to talk to my wife who was a reck but by 7 in the evening I started to feel unwell

I began coughing like crazy unable to stop and lost all feeling in my arm and both legs and again had a crowd of doctors and nurses around me and was visited by the stoke team as my ecg said it wasn't a heart attack seeing the stroke team really worried me as a guy who does not scare easily I was scared. I was taken for a ct scan to check my brain activity and make sure it wasn't a stroke. My face turned white with relief when I was told it wasn't but I couldn't control my heart rate I stayed on full oxygen with antibiotics and iv all night until I finally managed to control my breathing. 

Today I regained feeling in my arm and both legs but remain on oxygen and iv I got transferred to a respiratory ward still under regular obs but able to control my breathing and able to speak full sentences. The doctor visited me and gave me a nicotine patch as I couldn't stop shaking from withdrawal. He said to me if this doesn't make you realise how serious smoking can make a problem serious nothing will and I completely agree. I'm currently still on oxygen and iv. I risk missing Christmas with my wife and kids and feel like absolute crap in every sense of the word. 

I won't be smoking again and even though my job can be stressful I'm not going to give in I'm 26 and just the thought of my kids seeing me like this is more than enough willpower to make me stop let alone anything else I feel embarrassed and ashamed. 

Sorry for such a long post but I hope this helps at least one person or gives someone the willpower to carry on stopping smoking is just not worth it. 

Thanks