Simple and effective - worked for me.

Here is my story.  If you would like to know more, feel free to ask. 

In the beginning I started smoking exactly for all the cliche reasons that most are familiar with.  I was 16, wanted to rebel, and wanted to be cool. 

The years in the middle are peppered with failed attempts at quitting, periods of heavy smoking, this & that, that most can probably picture without me going into detail. 

I went to a party in November of 2011 with some friends.  During the course of this evening I met a very intriguing, very handsome guy.  As it drunkenly rolled on, the night turned into kind of a disaster.  I spent the next day cringing over all the shit that happened and how I would never have a shot with someone like the guy I had met but then realized that I might never have been on his radar at all because I am a smoker.  Even though that would be somewhat of a shallow position to take on his part, I used it as motivation to stop something that was harmful and brought no good to my life.  I did not quit *for* this guy, just used the example of the situation to spark the change I had been wanting to make for a long time.

**This is how I quit.**

In that first week, I was motivated.  I had all this positive energy pumping through me like "Fuck, yeah!  I'm gonna change my life!" But I have felt that before, and I knew how easily that fire can fade out.  My strategy was to use that momentum to my advantage while it lasted.  I used a method that, even on the first day, had me face every aspect of life that involved having a cigarette.  The idea was to think about smoking as much as I wanted and as hard as was natural - think about how good it would feel and how badly I wanted it and how easily I could have made it happen while resisting the entire time.  The logic behind doing this is that If I could make it that one time, every craving that follows may be strong but never as strong as what I've already fought through.  No tricks, no substitutes.  November 12, 2011 was my last smoke.  

Just thought I'd share if anyone thinks it might work for them as well. 