Its been around two or three months. Benefits, and motivation for you !

So I always enjoyed reading through this sub and finding people describing the benefits they experienced after they quit smoking. I find it extremely motivating and encouraging. And now that I'm on the other end and feeling GREAT I feel like I should give something back.

Breathing. Oh my god. My breathing is ever improving.... Seriously it's just not stopping.... My breaths are getting deeper, fresher, it feels so nice. I can feel the oxygen touch my lungs almost it's such a satisfying feeling, especially after around 9 years of not having this feeling. 

I'm sure many have heard of the mental benefits of meditation? And you've heard that the underlying concept of how to meditate is to breathe. You can reach some deep peace of mind when you can breathe properly, its almost like you're automatically meditating because of your breathing. Not to mention the stupidly higher amount of oxygen getting into your system, into your brain, your body. Walking around and moving limbs is effortless. I feel no sluggishness, it's just really easy. 

My room just feels airy and clean. When you smoke you sort of just get used to having a smoker atmosphere. It's quite crazy how different and nice the place feels when it doesn't smell, have ash trays around or tobacco / rizzla / filters everywhere. 

Money? I really don't spent much money these days. Most of my money went on fags and alcohol. Going for a drink? Tenner on smoking materials, and even more for drinking. Oh and hangovers are so much more manageable... No more waking up with a minging throat, stinking of fags and I think something to do with more oxygen intake helps with feeling better. You just feel like you didn't dick your body so much.

The big deal here. The addiction. I am no longer addicted to nicotine !! Seriously.... Nicotine naggs you. It nags you twenty four hours a day. You will never feel fully at peace while your body is dependant on nicotine. There will always be something off, something not right.  It's always there, making you stand in the cold windy rain alone while a bunch of people connect in your workplace or college class. 
It's there when you wake up, it's there when you're stressed. You can't even enjoy a simple tea or coffee without nicotine pulling you in like its little side bitch. 
Even food... I couldn't eat a meal without sparking up straight after. What? 

Vaping got me off of cigarettes. But you need to take the plunge and fuck the whole thing off. You will never feel the satisfaction of an addiction free system if you don't. 

I realised aswell that smoking is an escape. You avoid your problems. Feeling anxious? Instead of sitting and dealing with and PROCESSING your emotions, you run away. Distract yourself by rolling a fag, something to do. Then you go outside, smoke, blah blah blah.... You just avoided your emotions for ten minutes well done. They're back now though, so what do you do? Have another pretty soon probably. Your mind and body are screaming at you for this.... And you ignore it. You're regularly poisoning your body. There is poison in your body, in your brain, in your blood your lungs your skin.... Twenty four hours a day.


"Oh I'm not addicted, I just enjoy smoking" 

Is it that fun that you'd seriously fucking damage your mind body and soul for? Is it THAT FUN?
Addiction baby. Addiction. 

My skin is better, my mind is clearer, I can breath, I can exercise again, I'm saving money, I'm dealing with my emotions, my throat and speaking is clear, I smell nice, my room smells nice.


I'm not going back, because I have never felt better since I quit. The last time I felt this health is before I ever smoked. 


What helped me quit? I switched to vaping, and weened my way down to lower nicotine content and then one day my vape broke and I thought...  Fuck it. I ain't spending more money on this shit.

I hope I can motivate someone who is struggling. Because once you get through this you'll feel absolutely amazing and proud of yourself, on top of all I just mentioned.


Good luck, and keep at it guys. 