Thought I'd Make a Post

I just wanted to introduce myself and share my story with everyone; although, I'm sure it's not much different than many others here. I'm 22 years old, about to turn 23 in two weeks, and I've been smoking since I was 16. Ever since I was a kid I was always very intrigued by cigarettes. My parents never smoked but some of their friends did, and I'd be lying if I didn't say that I thought the smoke smelled good. I just remember being curious about how/why they smoked. What was the appeal for them? Why did they step outside every hour like clockwork to breathe their fire and smoke? But also, why did they seem embarrassed about it? Why did it seem like they had to "sneak" away outside to smoke? This was just childhood curiosity and as I grew older into middle school and the early years of high school the thought had completely left my mind. Cigarettes were dead to me, until I started hanging around a rougher crowd my junior year of high school. I'll never forget that first cigarette. I was drinking at a party one weekend and I happened to find a pack of menthols sitting on the kitchen counter of this girls house. Finally my curiosity piqued and I thought "this is my chance." This was my chance to finally find out what all the rage was about. This was my chance to finally have a cigarette. So I did. I stole one from the pack and snuck outside and stupidly lit it up. It tasted like shit. I coughed and sputtered and combined with the affects of the alcohol, a couple minutes later I was blowing chunks into the toilet. When I woke up the next morning, I thought "hey, at least I tried it." And that was the end of it for a while. As a grew older I started making new friends who all smoked, and one of them even had the hookup to buy cigarettes underage from a smoke shop in town. I was a bored and stupid kid, much too occupied with image and the appearance of being cool. I was looking for some "edge" in my life and I thought maybe cigarettes could help me get there. So I told my friend that I wanted him to get me a pack, and he did. Now, I was so determined to figure these cigarette things out. I mean, all the others that I see smoking didn't cough and sputter and throw up after every cigarette. So I knew there must be something that I was doing wrong. I forced myself to choke down all 20 of those cigarettes at night when my parents were sleeping. And by the time I got to cigarette 20, I could actually pretty much smoke it without any problems at all. So I thought I'd get another pack, and I did. It became a nightly routine for me. Soon enough, it became a morning routine as well. And a lunch break routine. And an all day routine. It snuck up on me so quick, before I knew it I could chief them down like a champ. Before I knew it, I went from 3 cigarettes a day, to 5, to 10, to a whole pack a day by the time I was 18 years old. And so it's been for the past 7 years, since I was 16. The longest period of time that I've gone without nicotine was when I joined the military and went through basic training.

My life is different now than it was when I was so young. I have a house and a car (full of cigarette butts and ashes and smoke smell), and a wife and a precious one year old daughter that watches me smoke cigarettes through the balcony window as I try to pretend that I'm not doing anything wrong. My hands smell, my clothes smell, and I look much older than my actual age. I still smoke a pack a day and I cringe to think about the amount of money that is wasted due to my habit. My daughter has chronic ear infections, although I never smoke around her, although I am sure that is what is causing it. I've tried quitting before, but instead of quitting I would just switch to smokeless tobacco, which has it's very own slew of disgusting side effects. My lungs feel gunky, and I just feel very weak in general. 

It's time for me to quit everybody. I want to see my children and my grandchildren grow up. I want to live a healthy life. I'm done with this ridiculous addiction and it enrages me that it has ensnared me for such a portion of my life. Tomorrow is quit day, cold turkey, no more cheating with nicotine products. I realize how difficult this will be, I seemingly cannot function without my morning cigarette but I need to find a way. I know I'll be spending a lot of time here for the next couple days, I think this is a great community with many likeminded people. After all, we're all here to better ourselves right? I know that I'm going to light one up after this post, but all I can do is hope that tonight is the last night that I ever intentionally poison my mind, body and soul with this drug. 

Cheers.    