I honestly thought I was done

I had quit last August. After a long summer of camping/parting I bought a vape pen to help me get past my 6 cigarette/day minimum. I’d already been tapering down for over a decade (from 2 packs a day at my worst). I found I liked vaping the 3mg nicotine, strawberry flavored, big cloud vape better than the stinky American spirits. After several attempts to light up and hating the taste, I saw an opportunity to quit cigarettes then and there.

Fast forward about 2 months. I had been off cigarettes in lieu of the vape when I decided to quit nicotine all together. The vape had been glued to my lips and I didn’t want to trade one bad habit for another nicotine source with questionable health effects. I started purchasing the same vape flavors but at 0mg nicotine. No problems!  Not even a single headache. I literally thought I’d won the lottery. It was TOO easy to quit. I told loved ones I’d never go back.

After about a month on 0mg nicotine, I realized I didn’t need the vape anymore. After all, what was the point of putting some other substance in my lungs for no chemical gain? I had freed myself of the cigarette and vape! I had been choosing to put my focus into bettering my life from all angles - whether it be daily cardio, practicing yoga, learning new skills for my ideal job, picking up new hobbies to meet more people - I was kicking ass. I used the money I saved from cigarettes and vaping to buy a new Jeep Wrangler! 

But the big areas of my life didn’t change drastically in the short period of time I put forth effort (go figure). I was still trapped in an expensive city, still at the toxic job I had to keep to afford the expensive city, still lonely amongst a mass of people in a constant hurry to get ahead. And the holidays began to take their toll. Next thing I know I’m slipping backwards. My daily cardio and yoga is no longer daily. My healthy eating slips as I look to comfort food to help me feel better. The nail in the coffin: my consumption of beer increases. It’s like I hit the biggest plateau of my life. I bummed a hit here and there as I found myself going to the bars again. I’d have a bad day at work and buy a pack, only to throw it away after trying to smoke a cigarette or two. Each failure providing a healthy dose of regret followed by a promise to learn from my errors. Now the regret of “slipping” is gone. I fear that I’m on my way back to the sad, unhealthy existence I lived before. But I’ve lost all my momentum and desire. How can a substance hold so much power? I hear from friends and family that they crave years later. How is there any hope? How can I feel like, someday, I’ll be able to let my guard down and live without fear of slipping again? 

Has anyone gone through these periods? Of feeling like you’re free, only to give in at the slightest feeling of insignificance? I need to find my willpower once again and keep fighting.