+++ 30 Funny reasons people give for not quitting +++ :)

1	Quitting smoking would mean I'd stop exercising. I walk to the store to buy my cigarettes. 

2	Any wimp can quit smoking, but it takes a man to face cancer.

3	Hey, I'm building a new driveway, and I need the tar!

4	My dog wouldn't recognize me by smell anymore.

5	I thought it was second hand smoke that killed you?

6	I need to have something to do when I take the dog out for a potty.

7	I love being retro.

8	I'm an obsessive person. If I didn't smoke, I would keep eating until I EXPLODE!! 

9	I haven't really planned for my retirement so the only way to provide for my family is with a huge tobacco settlement.

10	It's a great people repellent. 

11	I'm lobbying for my right to smoke in elevators... non-smokers are the healthy ones, so let them take the stairs! 

12	If you lived here you'd smoke too...

13	I said I would quit when I decided to have kids. I just decided that I don't want to have kids.

14	It keeps my mother-in-law away!! 

15	The haze on my car windows prevents my eyes from be blinded by the sun or bright street lights at night. 

16	My doctor said that if I quit smoking I would probably die from a heart attack.

17	I'm still perfecting my smoke rings

18	We've all got to die from something!

19	Quitters never win, winners never quit. 

20	What else am I going to do during my cigarette breaks.

21	I don't like to follow the crowd...everybody is quitting these days.

22	I'm a "smile actor" and looking for a starring role in a tooth whitening commercial. 

23	Stupidity dominates my intelligence.

24	I can't quit smoking until ALL my teeth are the same color, again. 

25	If I quit smoking I can't count on my mother-in-law dying from second hand smoke.

26	I gotta keep smoking. It's my early retirement plan.

27	Have to wash my hair to get the stink out of it which consequently made my hair dry and frizzy.

28	I have a boyish face. The extra wrinkles make me look mature.

29	If my sense of smell returned I'd have to do something about that litter box.

30	I wouldn't get any exercise at all if I didn't run outside the building every hour for a smoke.
