Quit Smoking - Falling off the Wagon

The truth is that we all fall off the wagon sometimes! 

It's a natural part of quitting and it's totally okay. After all, tobacco is highly addictive and old habits die hard. 

Smoke One and Forget It

Your attitude about your slip-up is crucial. If you fall off the wagon and smoke a cigarette, slap yourself on the wrist and forget it. If you buy a whole pack, toss it or give it to someone. Studies show that those who are hard on themselves and see their slip-up as a betrayal are more likely to relapse. If you go easy on yourself, you're less likely to turn that one smoke into three or twenty.

When Non-Smokers Smoke

Once you've quit smoking, it's no longer part of your identity. You're now a non-smoker. If you think of it this way, rather than seeing yourself as an at-risk recovering addict, you'll be more likely to shrug off that one cigarette you smoked. Non-smokers sometimes smoke a cigarette and that's what you now are – a non-smoker.

Also for non-smokers, a cigarette doesn't taste good or provide relief from stress. Once you've gotten the nicotine out of your system and your body has fully healed itself, that tobacco will taste like licking an ashtray. Focusing on how bad the cigarette tastes rather than remembering how good it was in the past can help you avoid relapse.

Learn a Lesson

If you fall off the wagon, try to use it as a lesson. This is an indication that you're under more stress than usual, or that you need to be more careful when you're out with friends. Rather than beating yourself up about it, see what kind of lesson you can take away from it. This will keep you from falling off the wagon the next time.

Urges and Cravings Don't Go Away Easily

For some people, it's an entire year before the cravings stop completely. After several months, your cravings will be down to just one or two a day. But what many ex-smokers find is that even months after the cravings have stopped, they'll sometimes get hit with a sudden nicotine fit from out of nowhere. This is also totally naturally and you should be on-guard against it. These sudden cravings can cause relapses.

A Free Pass!

But wait a minute – 'Don't be hard on yourself' isn't the same thing as saying 'Be super-easy on yourself.' You're not getting a free pass to have a smoke whenever you want it. You're now a non-smoker, so don't smoke. If you start smoking again, all the progress you've made in your health, finances and relationships will go straight down the drain. Try not to fall off the wagon and try to make each slip-up the last.

If you start smoking again, don't be disheartened. Rather than focusing on your failure to keep off cigarettes, focus on your past successes. After all, if you quit once, you can do it again. No one is a lifelong cigarette addict and everybody sometimes slips up.


