2 days in and having a tough time

Hey guys, I'm Dave and I'm a smoker.  

I apologize that this post might get a little long winded but i think it will help me to list all of the reasons I'd like to quit.  

First of all, I just had my 41st birthday 2 days ago, yes the same day I quit.  I've been smoking on and off (but mostly on) since I was about 15.  I have a wide range of health problems from moderate depression to constipation to erectile dysfunction (yes I am going to be brutally honest here).  Most of those are probably partially linked to smoking. 

Growing up my dad (who passed away young) and all of my friends smoked so it was hard to avoid it.  These days I have no excuses, nobody else I know smokes and I try to hide it from most people because I am embarrassed of it.   

Why am I embarrassed you might ask?  But if you've been a smoker for long enough you'll probably understand.  It's not socially acceptable anymore, I feel like most people just look at you and think you're gross or you're weak for not being able to quit.  I don't do it to look cool or fit in anymore, I do it because...I don't know why I do it, just because I'm addicted i guess.  

I have 2 kids and I've been successful in hiding it from them.  I don't want them to know I smoke because I don't want them thinking it's okay.  And at the same time it's really hard keeping things from them, I feel like I'm lying and being deceptive.  And i try to teach them to be open and honest with me. I can't do that anymore.  

My wife has been great about my smoking.  I know she hates it but she doesn't nag me about it anymore.  And I know she doesn't understand my irritability when I haven't had one in a while and she thinks she did something wrong.  I know that's not very fair to her.  I also think we kiss less because she doesn't want to smell my breath and I feel self conscious about it most of the time. I also feel like problems in bed like erectile issues, low libido, and low stamina are all related to smoking.  It just make me feel horrible and embarrassed about it.  

It's really cold around here this time of year, why the hell do I drive down the highway with my window open when it's 5 degrees outside?  It makes me feel like an idiot.  And I hate the fact that when I'm done I just throw it out the window and litter in our beautiful environment. 

And the money, oh man.  Smokes are up to like $7-8 a pack around here.  I only smoked about half a pack a day but when I would buy them I would also buy something to drink like a Gatorade or Red Bull because of my compulsiveness to drink when I smoke. So it would cost me $10-12 many times a week to support my habit.  I tried to justify it by saying I have a good job and I can afford it, but there are a million better things I can spend that money on.  

But the main reason, is I just feel manipulated and not in control of my own actions and emotions.  And excuse my language but the whole industry is bullshit.  I'm slowly killing myself and ruining my life while somebody else is getting rich off of it.  Governments don't care since it is money in their pockets too.  They keep raising the taxes on them and idiots like me just keep buying them. They have a lot of laws to protect the non-smokers, but if they really cared they would just make them illegal and stop selling them everywhere.  

Anyway, I'm done ranting.  Even after realizing all of this I still have urges, so if you can steer me towards any other good support systems I'd really appreciate it. Or let me know what worked for you.  