Over one hundred hours, and over the moon.

For all those struggling, it is beyond worth it.
 

 
I thought I'd check-in here and offer some positive thoughts before turning away.  For quite some time, I would visit the sub nightly to glean inspiration, or so I told myself.  Usually I did this with a cigarette in one and and my phone in the other.  It became a balancing act of sorts, a concerto of “look how happy the people doing it are, look at all these reasons” followed by a series of rationalizations in the form of thought or emotion, a medley of:

- “growing up in smoke-filled homes and cars, perhaps I am wired this way, with
no choice but to perpetuate parents' bad habits”


- “smoking has helped me cope with the suicide of a close friend, I am still here, surviving her.. so why not?”

- "how am I to say 'no' in the presence of friends smoking?  A certain few of them near a pack per day, who am I to belittle myself over one or two a night?" (this was a minor achievement in in itself, dropping to "that" level)


 And on and on and so forth.  Finally I strung together a pair of days, only to fail.  Then, three nights, around the time I reset the badge I'll be removing after this post.  And after yet another hiccup I find myself 133 hours in, a fact that brings great elation.  In the midst of another after midnight, especially early morning pre-sleep cigarette I installed an app, many of which are available and need not be named, which I started immediately following that last hit of nicotine and placed on the main screen of my phone, where it displays how much time has passed since, updating every minute.  It's set to show the amount of hours and minutes as opposed to days, something I find more rewarding; to rack up immediate hours as opposed to crawling through days feels more palpable an incentive.  It's also in plain view, seemingly unavoidable.  Nearing twice the duration of time I have gone without a cigarette in nearly a decade, it seems overtly redundant to allow it to drop to zero again.  In that moment 133 hours ago the choice in favor of self-honesty over self-loathing was made.  This is longer than any of my immediate male family members have gone without smoking in their adult lives.  And the truth is, the worst of the initial few days pales in comparison to the emerging highs of health.

 
I used to feel tense in between and after every cigarette.  Before I'd ambush my adrenal glands as if that'd offer lasting relief.  Now, being able to smell things for the first time in forever brings such reward, especially as this summer closes out.  Vivid dreams are returning like an old friend seemingly forgotten about.  Leaving work yesterday I stopped at a library and sat reading longer than I've recently been able.  Each sense feels present, at last.  There is an instinctive knowledge that the "tip" has been made, and it brings an invigorating freedom felt in the skin, breath, body ad infinitum.


 
Of all the peak cravings, the worst moments brought shortness of breath and a want for nicotine in the guise of cooling menthol.  I promise anyone still reading this that, if you wish to "cross over" and haven't already, it is worth it.  And there's not even a debate.  If this has offered any hope or assurance, wonderful.  If not, perhaps I'll try to bring more persuasion once these mere days become months, hopefully years.  Decades.

 
Until then, there is joy to be had in the simplest of things, be it a night sky, or telling a once smoking partner "no."