9th cluster of trying to quit

This might just be more for me, but I gotta get the stuff off of my chest. Any advice is appreciated though. Wall of text warning!

I've tried to quit 8 previous times. I started smoking when I was 18 (a few months after my birthday). When I became a father at 23, I said to my ex "Give me 6 months". She did. That was the first try. I've been trying off and on ever since. 

I don't have an "anxiety problem" per say, but I do have above average anxiety. Being a single father, wholly single trying to find the one, working 50 hours a week just seems to send my mind into overdrive. If I was on Heroin or Meth, nobody would judge me for wanting to hind in a hole for a month while I try to quit. But it's smoking cigarettes, so even asking to turn my phone off for a day is a "fuck you buttercup" reaction. Hey, let me get through today and tomorrow will be better. Nope. It's just cigarettes. 

Odd side note: isn't it interesting that people who are addicted to the "hard stuff" still smoke? 

I'm going through some crazy times right now. Personal and professional. Just a lot on my plate. And I found out Grandma's lung cancer is spreading to her liver. I'm 30 and I spent about 10 minutes crying in my work truck on Friday morning when Mom told me. If she makes it to Christmas, she probably won't make it to the next one. All three of us and my sister smoke. Dad doesn't and has limited sympathy for the struggle (outside of this he is generally very compassionate to all of us). On one hand, I want to chief down two packs because...fuck... Grandma and I are close and this big truck just ran me over. On the other hand, she just quit after 54 years to start chemo and radiation (she's turning 69 in August). I want to quit now. I don't want my daughter or her future children going through what I'm going through right now.

But I'm nervous as hell. What if the anxiety gets the best of me? I can't do the drugs and aides, I've tried and they just make me sick and suicidal (I've never EVER considered it before or after). What if I ruin the good things I have going on? Met a nice girl, things are looking good. Beautiful and smart daughter. Great job. But anxiety is the wildcard that could ruin any/all of it. What if this is the one time I'm not Superman and I can't ever quit? Good God it's tougher and tougher each time. My personal best is 22 hours and fewest consumed in a day is 6. Normally I'm a pack and a half. What if I just can't? How do I deal with being a failure? I'm terrified of the negatives. 

I don't know if there was a point to this besides to vent and get it all out there. Hopefully a year from now I can look back on this and laugh. But thank you for reading. 