Quit 13 days ago

Sorry this is long and rambling. I just need to write this and have someone hear me, you know? 

I quit recently because I might have blood cancer and the doc's were pretty serious about me quitting everything, vape included. I've smoked for 13 years and I feel foolish about it. 

I quit once before for 6 months like, 4 years ago. I got back into it when I had a birthday cigar that just didn't hit the spot, you know? Moving forward I know that I can't smoke anything for any reason--hookah, pot, cigars, or vape. It depresses me to be honest. Total abstinence feels so fanatical but I get it. It's all or nothing with me, so it's gotta be nothing.

I'm very serious about this quit. I know I don't want to start smoking again. It feels good in a way. 

It's actually been a relief not to obsess about the act of buying cigarettes. My new ironic obsession is obsessing about how I'm not obsessing. My brain is funny. 

My cravings have been pretty mild. I've been using an app called Smoke Free which tracks money saved, time not smoked, and cravings. I like seeing the cravings graph. Visually seeing the decreases and leveling out of cravings has been useful. Plus it has a lot of tips. I just set up my money saved jar today. ($75!!!!!) 

I think with my smoking money I'm going to fly to Ireland next summer. I've always wanted to go. The app says I'll save 2k.

I'm chewing regular gum which is nice. My mouth always taste like pepper though. Anyone else experience that? I think I'm just going to get a variety of mints or candies to suck on. 

Work has a program where I can earn $150 for quitting and im going to that meeting tomorrow morning. They also give you free nic gum and a few other nic replacements. I used chantix once but it gave me horrible nightmares. I like the gum though so I'll use that.

I'm a private person. I don't even use Facebook. But through the work program, if you go a year without smoking, they put your photo on the wall. Like, 30k people work here and it's a high traffic area. I really want that photo on the wall. It's dumb but I want it bad. 

I've been cold turkey since I quit which im proud of. I worry about the gum being a slippery slope. I recognize though that eventually I'll have a Wicked strong craving and I'll want something there as a stop-gap. Does anyone know if it's cool if I leave it in my car on hot days? Will extreme heat corrupt it or melt it? I'm not a purse kind of gal.

Yesterday I helped my dad after a surgery and it was the strongest craving I've had since I quit. The guy frustrates me. The smoking app told me to come up with methods to deal with stress before I got stressed but my sheer will power worked. I'm proud of myself but I'm Not sure if the next bout of stress will be so easily overcome.  What do you do to cope?

This is embarrassing but while I was alone in my car driving around to pick things up for my dad, I basically pretended to smoke a portable USB charger because I couldn't find anything smaller, like a pen or something, in my car to pretend to smoke. I felt like a total idiot but the feeling of slowly inhaling my breath, then exhaling was useful. Tap-tap-tapping my finger on it out a partially open window felt normal. Does anyone have suggestions for what I can keep in my car to help? The physically feeling of something in my hand was calming, I think. 

Anyway, I've been lurking here a lot recently and I really appreciate your stories, struggles and optimism. Thanks for helping me. I wish you all the best of luck. 