I have decided to quit smoking and I could use some advice.

Hey /r/stopsmoking!

I'm 24 years old and I have been smoking daily since I was 17. I have tried to quit smoking only once before, when I was 19, and I lasted a month, but relapsed during a night out with some friends. I also realize now that I was mainly trying to quit because my then bf was pressuring me to do it - I didn't actually want it. I guess that also hindered my success.

For the last 2 years I have been thinking about quitting, but it's like an off and on thought that comes and goes in phases and I never do anything about it. But I have finally **completely** decided to quit. For several reasons: health, skin, productivity, money, everything that suffers when you smoke.

I live with my mom and she has smoked on and off since before I was even born. We have been talking about this and yesterday we decided we would quit together. Each of us wants to quit for ourselves, but I think it'd be good to have each other for support and motivation. We have decided that we're gonna stop the day we go for vacation in Spain (in approximately 2 weeks). The change of scenery seems like it could work, and after that I'm gonna spend 2 weeks in my grandparents' village and I rarely smoke when I'm there anyways (just 2-4 cigs a day compared to 15-20 at home) since I'm constantly distracted. What I'm hoping happens is that after these 3 weeks of distractions while not smoking, it'll be easier to go on when I do come back home. Is it a good idea or am I setting myself up for a relapse when I come back?

What advice can you offer me? I have recently (a few months ago) also quit weed, so I'm no stranger to cravings, but because getting high was starting to be a bad experience everytime, it was easy for me to disregard any "it could be fun just this once" thought because it stopped being fun long before I quit. Smoking cigs, on the other hand, has been such a big part of my day, every day, for years, such a big part of how I plan my days, how I interact with people, etc... And the main part is that it never stopped feeling *good*. So I imagine it's going to be a lot harder.

I could use whatever advice you have from me, doesn't matter if you quit yesterday or haven't smoked in years. I want to mentally prepare myself for what's going to happen and be sure to take every possible steps to ensure it actually works.

If you've read everything, thank you so much, and if you haven't I don't blame you (had no idea this would turn into such a wall of text), so here's a **TL;DR: My mom and I decided to quit smoking together and we have decided to do it when we go on vacation to Spain in 2 weeks. I want to mentally prepare myself for what's going to happen and make sure it actually sticks! Do you have any advice you could offer me? Thanks in advance!!**