The devil tricked me. My reason why I smoke and why I am done with it.

A few days ago I learnt that my regular brand contained wood pieces as the originals were being duplicated for bigger profits. Now I wouldn't have learnt this if it wasn't for chest pains, feeling of high and numbness in legs. 

Upon learning this when I decided to switch the brand the most important thing for me was the coolness of the pack. If I had to smoke might as well look cool doing it right? 

Here is the thing I have been fighting the fact to stop smoking for few months. Its just been a battle for me a long time with my eating habits, job and sleeping pattern. 

So when I made the switch on the side of the box it read "it containing filtered nicotine doesn't make it less harmful" along with other warnings. I was confused for a while, which product in this world tells you its bad and then you go ahead and consume it 10-12 times a day.

I could easily leave, every time I smoke it makes me feel horrible, I don't like the taste anymore and its diminishing whatever mental power I have day by day. Every time I thought of quitting I just realized my life dream and how I had attached it to.

I look back now and realize the fact that for me smoking was never about the taste or some calmness. It is not that even now. It was always and till today about being cool. After 6 years its still about being cool. 

I smoke because I want to look like the guy in stress. I want to be the loner in the movies with a dark mysterious past who has so much back story. I look at these cool people and think I am associating with them. And i still want all of this. This for me is my devils trick. 

He knew my ultimate weakness and played it so well. I think of how I will work hard come home have a smoke to relax and end the day. I will be the mysterious guy with a smoke in my hand. 

I don't know how long will I be able to keep this dream on now though. My battle is getting tougher. I am realizing the devils tricks. The scheme he played on me. 

The idea he embedded that I can achieve anything with a smoke in my hand and be the 90s mysterious cowboy to whom all the people flock to.

I am learning my health is of utmost importance and without which there is not going to be a future.  

That brings us to now. I am sitting in my bathroom having a smoke and thinking how do I look cool when there is nobody to see me? but with this post I am having my last cigerrette and I am done with it. 

I will be cool because of my achievements and success.

The devils game is over.