This is to explain you get withdrawal symptoms and how you can stop them.

Hey guys,

Think this could be a great help, since it's how I quit smoking.

When you smoke, you brain is instructed to release dopamine. When you smoke regularly, and for a long time, these "smoke signals" start to take over as the brains natural dopamine response regulators. After a while, your brain learns to up-regulate dopamine primarily in response to smoking, and so when you stop smoking, your brain stops up-regulating dopamine.

This means that when you quit smoking, your brain has to re-teach itself when to produce and release dopamine, as it no longer has the "smoke signals". As we know, this takes a good few weeks, and in the mean time, our dopamine levels are HORRIFICALLY low. This normally makes people relapse quite quickly.

The way that our body rebuilds its dopamine stores is from converting two amino acids from our diet: tyrosine and phenylalanine. These are found in high protein foods such as cheese and nuts.

When you are recovering from smoking, you need to literally BOMBARD yourself with these amino acids, along with several other nutrients involved in the dopaminergic system. Here's a link to a study done on mice about just this: https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/21872847

One of the best supplements you can get is the amino acid L-DOPA (found in velvet beans), which is just one step away from dopamine. This crosses the BBB and gets converted to dopamine in the brain.

You also need to slow down your dopamine metabolism so that it stays in your system for longer by inhibiting MAO-B (Google this if you don't know what it is). You can do this by eating liquorice, tumeric and a few other herbs.

If you're in the US, I strongly suggest getting a L-DOPA supplement.

If you're in the UK or EU, you can get this product: https://www.souljuicesups.com/motive

It has all three amino acids, along with liquorice, ginkgo and a few vitamins involved in dopamine production.

Hope this helps.
