Day 1

I'm writing this right after I finished my last cigarette. This is probably my 400th last cigarette. But it will be my last last cigarette.
I started smoking when I started drinking, at around 16. I have smoked off and on since then. I quit for a year, then picked it back up. Went through marine corps boot camp without smoking, then picked it back up. Quit for 6 months, then picked it back up. Got my tonsils out and had to quit for a few months, then I picked it back up.
Now I have a 6 month old daughter, I'm rekindling things with her mother (who I've been with for 2 years but we broke up pretty nastily 2 months ago).
I have been battling a depression that I didn't know I was suffering from for 2 years since I returned home (New Hampshire, USA) from San Diego (where I was stationed). I hurt a lot of people around me and pushed them away and didn't notice it. I've always drank and smoked rather heavily so I didn't see that it was contributing. After being prescribed adderall for add about 2 weeks ago, I have opened up my eyes and seen how much I was hurting people and myself. This included seeing how negatively smoking and drinking has been. I have since curbed my drinking habit and I am in the process of quitting smoking.
I have always said "I don't need it, I just like it. I can quit when I want to." Well, as you all know, it's not that easy. I "quit" yesterday and smoked my last cigarette. On the drive to work today, I stopped and grabbed breakfast and a pack of smokes. That was 5 hours ago and they are all gone. It's time to make a change.
I'm going to need some help. I've done it before, but I wasn't as fragile as I am now. Now that I'm back with the mother of my child, she is willing to help me. But I think I will need more.
I haven't looked at many threads yet or done any research but I would love some feedback on how people have stayed on the right track, such as how to stay away, anything they used (gym, nicotine gum, cough drops etc.) 
I know I can do this.
This is day 1 of the rest of my life.