Big thanks to Pall Mall

I quit smoking a year and a half ago when my wife announced she was pregnant. It was really easy for me to do, and the only time I crave a smoke is when I'm in a group of smokers while drinking. I never have one though, just get the urge to light one up. 

I smoked Marlboro Red for 11 years, and loved it. I have no  idea if this has anything to do with my story, but it might, so I'm letting you know. 

The last few days have been insane for me emotionally. Today I was at my breaking point and I decided that the only thing that could help me destress was a smoke. Apparently I am a weak man and easily cave to temptation. 

I ended up buying myself a box of Pall Mall Red. I bought Pall Mall because it's only just started selling in my country, and being a Stephen King fan, I had to try them. I even bought myself a red lighter to match the box. I walked out the store and lit up. 

I was expecting bliss, a release, a warm embrace from an old friend, but what I got was a lungful of the most putrid taste I could ever imagine. I still  looked at the smoke in shock to see if there was something wrong with it. I took another drag thinking that it's obviously something my body needs to get used to again, but again I was overcome by the worst taste in the world. 

I remember having my first smoke at 14 and choking so bad I thought I was dying. I think that maybe if you start smoking again instead of choking you get flooded with a horrible taste. With this is mind I take my third drag. 

Before I even exhale I am hit with a head rush that took me all the way back to being 14 and having to chain down a smoke before the teachers saw you. I realised that this cigarette had taken away my adulthood, my wife, my kid, everything I value right now and had turned me back into that broken 14 year old kid that didn't give a fuck about anything or anyone.  

And that's when the nausea hit me. I killed the smoke and I can safely say that I won't touch them again. 

I don't know if I had bought a Marlboro, a taste I know and love, if this story would have  ended differently, or if a Marlboro would have tasted just as bad. But right now I am thanking Pall Mall for coming to South Africa. 

I'm still nauseous, 6 hours later. 

This is my first post here, so if any of you are needing tips on quitting, feel free to ask. Like I said, I quit really easily. 