The final hurdle?

This has so far been my best quit attempt. I stopped just before lunchtime on the 7th of August. It was a 'natural' endpoint. I simply finished my last pouch of rolling tobacco and never bought another one. I haven't used any replacement therapies, and I have avoided e-cigs because in the past using them always led me back to smoking tobacco.

I'm feeling good and have got over the lethargy and wooziness I felt for a couple of weeks. I wasn't a particularly heavy smoker (less than ten a day, and not at weekends) but it's amazing how much giving up affected me. I've been running a lot more than I was and my times have improved and I generally feel a lot fitter. Beer tastes different. I can smell flowers again. The positives hugely outweigh what I imagine to be the negatives.

However - I still think about smoking a LOT. Fucking loads, actually. It's almost exclusively when I'm at work, which is hard for me because it's when I'm at my most 'unregulated'. I could literally think about smoking, get a craving, pop over the road and be smoking 5 minutes later. That's a really difficult struggle and so far I've been overcoming it well. Every time I've failed in the past it's been because some stupid thing has happened at work and I've let myself give in to smoking. 

My big question:

How do you get over the fact that you'll never be able to smoke a single cigarette ever again in your lifetime? This idea is hard for me because I genuinely enjoy a lot of the things I associate with smoking - being in good company, having fun, relaxing, having a few drinks, or (and this was probably my favourite), the moment of quiet contemplation and pleasure in a solitary cigarette. The thought of never doing that again is such a struggle, even though I know that if I give in once I'll give in every time. 

Did any of you ever find some way of leaping that final hurdle? Some other quiet contemplative thing you can do alone, or some other social 'act' that could replace a smoke? At the moment for instance, I'm organising my stag night. Every time I've been to an event like that in the past, I've smoked. Every single one (other people's stag nights, big birthday events, Lads' holidays...every single one!). It's not going to happen until December, and by then I should have been quit for months, but I'm terrified of dealing with this conflict for the whole thing. Am I worrying too much? Will I get over it? Do I need to organise some other big party and not smoke at that?

I imagine every smoker must have some big hook like this that pulls them back in to smoking - what was yours and how did you get over it?