Almost one year, thanks to a slightly different approach.

So I'm one week away from hitting the one year mark. I honestly NEVER thought I would get this far.

I haven't encountered anyone who took the same approach as I did to quitting, so I thought I would share in hopes that it would be beneficial to someone who hasn't found their winning technique yet.

First, I got a prescription for Champix (Chantix in the US). While it's not the perfect means of quitting (it was my third try that did it), it got me through, so never you mind! :)

Secondly, I bought an e-cigarette - a really good one, but bought liquid with 0mg of nicotine (I used a liquid with a menthol flavour to give me a cold throat hit on par with the hot throat hit of a cigarette).

Once I got through the two week 'ramp up' to get the Champix going in my system full force, I stopped smoking and started using the e-cig exclusively. Since Champix blocks the nicotine receptors, the 0mg e-cig was basically providing the same level of enjoyment for me that a cigarette would at that point. I had something to do with my hands, I still 'felt' the clouds of smoke, I still went out for a smoke break and I had something to 'smoke' when I got stressed. 

A couple months go by, and I'm done Champix and still vaping. I've done the unthinkable (to me) - separated nicotine from smoking!

Eventually, I just stopped vaping - no nicotine, no withdrawal like cold turkey*. Piece of cake. I had smoked for 30 years and was at about two packs a day when I quit.

Things to add:

1. If Champix makes you nauseated/sick, it's probably because you're trying to smoke after the first two weeks on it, or you need water. Drink a tall glass of water as soon as you start to feel nasty and that will almost always fix that right away.

2. Menthol over a long period of time can cause problems with lung function. It makes for a good placebo for smoking, but I don't recommend going for a really long time on it.

3. *You will still have withdrawal, because some of it is mental. I still want to smoke (and previous posts here by me have proven as much) but I'm removed enough from the moment of quitting that I can see it for what it is and make the right choice.

That's it. Good luck, and fight the good fight. 

YES IT'S TOUGH, BUT YOU CAN ABSOLUTELY DO THIS. 

THERE ARE THOUSANDS IN THIS SUB THAT BELIEVE IN YOU.