Reluctant quitter - here's my plan

I did once quit for 18 months (started up with a Christmas family argument, lovely), and then 6 months another time. 

I am *not* psychologically ready to quit at this point. BUT all signs point to my body actually hating cigarettes. They feel and taste disgusting.I don't even finish half of them.  Yet there's something keeping me from just saying nope. 

That's ok, because I'm going to put all my effort into preparation, and I'm going to make it happen. 

In both my past quits, I put a *lot* of time and mental energy in the leadup. I read that Carr book a few times. I put a lot of effort into visualization (even made up a vision board - one with pics of things like yellow teeth, wrinkly skin, and sad-looking people smoking while playing the slots at a casino, next to pics of rats in a lab experiment pressing levers for pellets. Because that's what we smokers are, rats pressing levers. The other board had rosy-cheeked ladies doing yoga, mountains, crap like that.) And... right now, I am noticing that the only people really smoking are me and the unfortunate homeless folks in my hood. I feel for them, but this also highlights to me that it's a sad way to get a boost, you know? There have to be better ways. (Just sharing some ideas.) 

I'm going back to Carr and making a new vision board. Got to build up that motivational push. I recognize that that's an active effort, doesn't always just happen, and I'm going to prioritize it.

Also going back to patch + lozenge, which did take care of the physical side. 

A big part of it for me is handling the emotional side, stress. Because whatever anyone says, the biological truth is that nicotine is *really great* at both calming people down and giving them energy. (That's why people use it that way, it's not a lie people tell themselves.)  

So I'm looking at different ways of hitting that spot. I'm going to try some techniques from DBT to try to manage the emotional thing right in the moment if I need it - I liked the ideas here: http://www.quitsmokingmessageboard.com/index.php?/topic/47139-dialectical-behavioral-therapy-approach-to-quitting/

I'm also going to throw a bunch of money at supplements to keep my butt awake & calm. L-theanine to start, looking into others. (Some researchers are talking about glutamate and GABA being important viz a viz acetylcholine, in smokers ... I don't know if there are any supplements standardized enough to try it [like is the case for L-theanine - Suntheanine brand has been used in various studies, so I know that one is]. Looking into that, anyway.)  

Wish me luck!