I'm smoking again but I don't want to be

This is my first time posting here. I just want to share my story and hope I can get some encouragement, compassion, and advice. 

I quit smoking when I turned 30 using Allen Carr's book.  It was exciting and empowering and easier than any other time I'd tried. I truly changed my perspective on smoking and it was liberating to honestly not want to do it anymore.  I didn't smoke for nearly 2 years.

I just started a wonderful new job a couple of months ago. It's a dream come true, but it is definitely stressful. I also have pretty bad social anxiety, and being new to this team and organization is hard for me. My manager, especially, is hard to read and connect with. I tried for weeks to find a way to communicate comfortably with her, until one day I resorted to inviting myself along with her on one of her smoke breaks. We've shared many cigarettes since then, and she has loosened up around me and as a result we are working better together as a team. 

I totally recognize that I have picked up smoking again because I'm using it as a social crutch, to build a relationship with someone using a behavior that I don't really want to engage in. I see what I'm doing, and I don't want to be doing it, but I keep choosing to let the smoking be a way to build this relationship. I'm not angry at myself or anything, but I feel this disconnect between the choices I want to be making and the ones that I am. I know that what I need to do is build this relationship without the crutch of smoking. But it's worked so well, and I don't know if I know how else to do it. 

One thing I am trying to think about is how this will continue to work. When I "play the tape forward," I see that it can only lead to me smoking more and more- it has already gone from one a day to two, two and thens ometimes three, first with her but now sometimes with another smoker... I see that and I know it, and I don't want to go there. Yet I just came back from smoking with her. 

I'm trying to be mindful of these thoughts and feelings and how they affect my choices. I just want to get back to the mindset where I KNEW that I didn't want to smoke and that was all there was to it. 

Has anyone else gone back to smoking after a long absence? How do you get back to quitting?