It seems practically impossible! How did YOU quit?

I've quit for about 10 months once. It was when I was pregnant, and while that's great, the sad part is I only quit because the smell made me nauseous. If it didn't I probably would've smoked through my pregnancy. Even while pregnant - I wanted to want a cigarette, but I just didn't want them. As soon as my daughter was born, the smell no longer made me sick, at first I decided to continue not smoking so I could be a good role model... but the want to smoke never went away and within a month after her birth I was smoking again.

That was 8 years ago. About 3 years ago I quit for 3 days, kind of, I smoked 1 cigarette before bed each of those days. Then again about a month ago I quit for 3 days again, an actual 3 days ... no nightly smoke, but on day four my boyfriend lit up a cigarette and I figured one wouldn't hurt.... and well you can all guess what happened next. Back to a pack a day habit.

The hardest part of not smoking is well... always wanting to smoke. I mean it was on my mind constantly... I wanted a cigarette, even when I was pregnant. My fear is that the cravings will NEVER go away. At least now (as a smoker) if I'm doing another activity, or at work, I'm not constantly thinking about smoking... Once the urge comes up I smoke, it goes away, and I'm good again. When I quit smoking that was all I thought about, all the time! Then I come on here and see people who've quit for months, or years even who say "the cravings are still there" and I'm just afraid that I will be thinking about not smoking for the rest of my life if I quit. I don't know if I can handle that!

It seems almost impossible to constantly deny a cigarette... forever.

All of my attempts gave been cold turkey, I did try vaping once but felt that wasn't actually quitting, just substituting...and quite frankly it wasn't a very fulfilling substitute anyway. I've heard patches don't work well, my dad tried those to no avail. How did you quit? Give me some encouragement... because as much as I want to quit, it also seems futile.

And yes, I've read Allen Carr's book. It did help me change my mindset but the cravings just seem too powerful for me. :(