How can I best support my partner who is quitting smoking today?

My partner (m28) has been a smoker for more than 10 years, and when I met him in the late winter of 2012 he was smoking almost a pack a day. As things got more serious between us we had a conversation about his smoking and how much it hurts me, a cancer survivor, to see him harming himself like that. I just want him around as long as I can. He took it to heart, and cut way down with the help of an electronic cigarette. He now smokes 1 or 2 a day, and the e-cig sometimes. I trust that he tells me the truth, because sometimes he does even when I can tell he doesn't want to and could get away with lying about it.

He knows he wants to quit, but it has been really hard for him. He is the strongest person I have ever met (emotionally and mentally but also physically - he is active, extremely fit, not an ounce of body fat on him), but he struggles with this one thing. He has trouble saying no to himself and others about the temptation of a cigarette. He also really hates to talk about. We are big on communication, but he gets flustered and annoyed whenever I bring up smoking for too long.

Last night he came home from a party smelling like cigarettes. He comes home smelling like cigarettes almost every day (usually has his 1 of the day on his drive home), so it wasn't a big deal, but I asked him, as I occasionally do, when he is going to start saying no in social situations and to himself. We had a long conversation that I won't go in to, but it ended with him saying that he is quitting and that when I am back from my trip (I leave tomorrow for a week) that he will "be clean". He knows that he wants to propose to me in the next couple of months, and that he wants to talk to my father about it when we see them in a few weeks, but most importantly he knows what I have told him - I won't say yes until he has quit smoking. He knows he has my full love and support but that I am serious. For himself, for us, for our future lives together, and for our future family.

What is the best way I, as his loving and supportive partner, can best help him on his journey to quitting? As I said, in the past he has hated talking about it or getting help from me or anyone else about, but I think he knows now he needs to be more open to it.

I really hope he can do it. It's the first time since he started smoking so many years ago that he is trying to quit completely, cold turkey. 

I've directed him to this subreddit, I hope he uses it. 