Day Seven &amp; struggling

Last cigarette was last Sunday at 1130pm.  So I am just hours away from a full week.   I actually told myself I'd just try for a couple days and if I really needed one, nbd.  By leaving myself that option I think I did better in the first few days than I have in the past.  But now that I'm here, I really want it to stick. 

I had a busy week doing work stuff... My colleagues don't actually know I'm a smoker to start with, so that helped.  I did have trouble sleeping nights 2-4 with some super gross night sweats... And a lot of general mental fogginess all week. But yeah, overall I kept myself busy all week, avoided triggers, and made it through. 

Then the weekend hit.  I woke up Saturday morning to bed bug bites.  Uuuugggghhhh horrifying.  I spent the entire day tearing my house apart and cleaning.  It was miserable but I was actually really distracted so it wasn't too bad, craving wise.  And thank the heavens, I didn't find a single sign of another bed bug (and I immediately found and killed the one that had bit me) Hurrah!

Today.  Today has been bad.  I had a ton of errands to do, which meant driving, which is bad because my car is where I've always done my very best smoking.  And my car still smells like cigarettes which right now is THE BEST SMELL EVER.  And these bed bug bites are itching like crazy and it feels like a literal, physical manifestation of my cigarette craving.  Three minute craving that then passes?!  Lol, no, I'm going on hour three of total inability to focus on *anything* else.  I have a POUNDING fucking headache, I'm itchy and angry and cranky, and I went to the store and spent a ridiculous amount of money on cookies and it's not even helping at this point I just think maybe I'm cool with lung cancer and heart attack and stroke and early death so whatever cigarettes pleeeeeease.

After stomping around the store scowling at everyone, slamming groceries into my cart, twitching, and possibly even talking out loud to myself (I had my headphones in and music on full blast trying to drown out my brain), I made it back to my car where I sat and cried for 10 minutes.  Then I stopped crying aaaaand immediately had a craving wave.  Because what do I do after crying?  Smoke.

Tonight I'm supposed to go to a concert with a friend who smokes.  I bought the tickets and they were $60 and I don't want to bail because it's just the two of us going, but I feel like it would be a really really bad idea.

I want to be able to be strong. I'm really mad at myself for not having better self control.  I really really really want to be one of those people who can smoke a couple cigarettes on a Saturday and then some even think about it again for a month.  I am NOT that person.

I thought writing this might help but it hasn't.