My last cigarette...

I'm sat here right now smoking the last cigarette in my pack. It's the end of the month and we've got no money coming in for a week and a half so today I took the last of my cigarette budget and bought 2 weeks worth of patches and gum. Once this cigarette goes out, there'll be no more.

I've tried several times over the past year to quit. The first was with champix but unfortunately it meddled with my already poor mental health, and with a history of suicide attempts and self harm it was decided by me, my husband and my doctor that this was a dangerous no go for me. The other times I tried cold turkey. I have borderline personality disorder and it made my mood swings even worse. Then I'd argue with my husband over starting again, barely 24 hours after putting that 'last' cigarette out. You may have heard that people with BPD can be manipulative...well I've mostly stomped those tendencies out thanks to therapy but boy oh boy...that nicotine craving turned me into uber manipulative bitch. Last time I tried to quit by spending all my cigarette money on other random crap and it ended up with my husband selling off some of his stuff so I could buy more smokes.

That's not the kind of person I want to be.

I don't want to be a manipulative bitch.

I don't want my husband to have to sacrifice so I can continue a habit that's killing me and robbing us both of cash when we're struggling for it anyway.

I'm going to whack on my first patch once this is done and hopefully tomorrow I'll be a little stronger. 

I've downloaded smoke free and I intend to reread the Allen Carr book, which I read before but didn't really do anything. Hopefully now I've crossed this mental block and got some NRT it will be of help.

As an extra incentive I've worked out that if I'm not smoking I can afford to take the train to see my family for my birthday so I have to hold onto that. Would I rather be with them or would I rather be puffing away?

I'm feeling very determined right now, but then I always am when I've still got a cigarette in my hand. I won't lie...im scared.Wish me luck! 