Day 5 - cried a bit

Situation was so ridiculous. I've hurt my nose 7 days ago which led to financial hardships, which made me think I should quit right away (I wanted to quit but had trouble commiting to a date, after my previous relapse after 2.5 months). Anyway, 9 days after the accident, this morning was the first day I could wash my face and feel no pain. My cousing comes later, gets excited over a story, starts explaining with her entire body as I serve her coffee, and bam, she punches me accidentaly into the same spot I already hurt. My instinctive reaction if I don't feel well is to get people out of my personal space until I assess what's happening, so as she asks am I ok and leans to see how am i since the blood flows again, I yell at her to move away from me and run to the bathroom. There I cried for being such a brat and yelling at her. Then I cried some more for crying in the first place. Lol. I know, makes no sense. 

Other than being whiney, I feel no cravings, just this huge underlying restlesness and something like a fear (manifesting itself as doubting mu life and academic success so far, plans I have after, doubting I'll graduate even though I passed 39 out of 45 exams already and completed two of the biggest, thinking I disappointed my parents, thinking everyone else has it figured out, thinking my boyfriend is wasting his enormous human potential by choosing to be with a damaged person like me, and generally doubting my worth as a human being). 

I don't regret quitting, and I don't even think I'd feel better if I smoked. Constantly clogged nose because of the swelling and blood and something that seems like the beginning of quitters cough actually served a purpose for me to realize I like my ability to breathe wih no obstacles. I also like that I don't give a fuck do I have tobacco, papes, filters or lighters, as I did hand rolled tobacco last few years, many nights I'd have to leave to have a long unpleasant walk because I missed some paraphernalia for my addiction. Fuck that, I don't miss it in the least. 

I have this barely articulated thoughts about my poor self worth and I think the fact I got to such high levels of tobacco addiction just serves to prove a point that I'm a shitty human being overall. 

Hopefully this will pass too!