Breaking the back of addiction

I've been in this wonderful "Mindfulness Training for Smokers" program offered through one of our local hospitals, and this past Sunday was the all-day "quit day" retreat.  After that I'd been doing...OK.  Not smoking, but spending a whole lot of energy thinking about not smoking.

Mid-morning Thursday, I was stomping around going "Gods I want a cigarette."  It wasn't a terribly stressful work day, but for some reason all I could think about was a smoke.  I'd been using lozenges consistently, so it wasn't like I should have been short on nicotine.  I knew these were straight-up addictive thoughts, and I had their number -- except that they didn't go away and my mind was buzzing and sizzling and unable to settle.  Meditation didn't help.

Finally I just said screw it, hopped in the truck and handed over the last cash in my wallet to buy a pack of my usual Natural American Spirit light blues.  And I headed home, went out back, opened the pack and lit one up.

It tasted *horrible*.  Like, ash and burning leaves and smoldering dog poo.

I finished it and went back inside, and worked for another hour, then got to thinking "was it really that bad?"  In the spirit of scientific inquiry I went out and lit up another one...and that too was utterly awful.  Which was really weird -- when I was still a smoker, I really enjoyed these things!  It must have been that my taste buds and olfactory receptors were just dulled enough, prior to quitting, that the nastiness didn't register.

I crumbled up the other 18 cigarettes into the toilet and flushed them, and brought that to an end after learning something valuable: *I CAN'T go back now*.  My memories of the seductive pleasurable flavor of smoking just can't be duplicated anymore.  I have changed.

That appears to have broken the addiction's back, for me.  It's like I went from "thinking about not smoking" to "not thinking about smoking", and it's just not something that comes to mind anymore.  Not that I recommend this for anyone else quitting, but it worked for me.