Struggling to quit dip, here are some thoughts

I'm out of town on business and I'm sitting alone in my hotel room right now. I'd like to share some of the things bouncing around in my head. It's more for my sake than anyone else's, but maybe it could help someone else too! I'd love to hear your thoughts.

I've tried quitting before. I "successfully" quit cigs in college but then I started dipping a few years later. I've been actively trying to quit for nearly a year now. I've gone and off since late last summer, and I've thrown out more tins than I can count. I'll buy a tin, pack a few lips, then throw it out. I'll go an average of maybe a couple days, then fall off the wagon. Sometimes I'll break down the very next day while I'm on my way home from work - I have a long commute so it's plenty of time to convince myself to stop by the gas station on the corner. Other times I can go up to a week, and I've gone nearly 2 weeks with no nicotine at all.

I'm now trying gum for the second time. I've gone 2 weeks on Friday, and I'm proud of that. I'm still getting my nicotine, but I'm only chewing 3-4 pieces a day. The last couple days I've seriously considered getting a tin, but I was able to overcome it each time. Now I'm bored as hell in my hotel room and I wonder if I can go the distance. I could wander down the street and find a gas station. Even if I can last through Friday, I can still imagine grabbing a tin on my way home. I didn't bring enough gum, so unless I go out and buy more, I know it's going to sound like a great idea Friday night. I just know it.

So that's kind of it. I feel like I mostly want it out of boredom. It's something to look forward to. I'll pack a lip, get bored after a few minutes, spit it out a while later, and wonder why I even bothered. I know this. We'll see how it goes. Sometimes I get discouraged when I think about how I'll probably always be addicted in one way or another. I may be able to go years without any nicotine, but then something will happen and/or it will just cross my mind and my heart will skip a beat and I'll think, "yeah, that sounds great." And then I'll be right back to where I am now. Sigh.

Cigarettes and dip are poison.