A few victories recently :)

A little background first:

I started smoking when I was 18, and increased the habit to a half pack a day before not too long. I'm now 20, and I'm currently 53 days cigarette free. I've quit a couple different times over that year and a half, but ultimately failed; once due to stress, another due to inebriation. I finally quit March 27, when I stuck all my cigarettes under my tire the night before a street sweeping, and ground those fuckers into the asphalt. Lately, I've felt like I'm almost completely over the habit, but I know it can come back and sneak up on you real quick. Here are a few victory stories recently. 

I went to Vegas a few weeks ago, and had the thought to buy a pack of cigarettes before I'd even gotten on the bus to get there. However, I fixed that urge, and spent an inebriated weekend in Vegas without so much as touching a cigarette. 

I was sitting in traffic on my way to work a couple weeks ago, and someone two cars in front of me sparked up a grit. The smell disgusted me, and I rolled my windows up despite the beautiful morning it was that day.

Last week, I bought a pack of on-brand, off-variety cigarettes (got Camel wide blues instead of my normal filter 99's) with the explicit purpose of rolling 10-15 marijuana-only cigarette joints. I didn't roll more than five, and I kept the pack for future joint seshes.  (Yes, I smoke weed on a semi-regular basis, like once or twice a week.) However, I got in the car the next morning for school, and I felt the old habit of getting into the car and lighting up my first cigarette of my drive to work kick me in the side. I lit one, without inhaling the first drag, and the taste repulsed me more than the smell of the week before. I tossed the cigarette out the window in a moment of panic, just wanting it to not be in my hand any more. 

Sunday night, at my fraternity meeting, my big bro lauded my accomplishment of 51 days in front of the chapter, including our alumni advisor who smoked for 50 years and quit cold turkey. Our advisor approached me after the meeting and congratulated me on the accomplishment as well.

Right now, I'm sitting INSIDE my old Einstein's morning smoke spot last summer, and let me tell you, the WiFi reception is 80 times better inside than out :)

TL;DR - 53 days cigarette free. Feeling good, and I don't think I'll be relapsing any time soon :)