Haven't felt this down in years.

Really having a difficult time these past few days with all sorts of different situations. Picked up a pack to "deal" with the stress after 78 days of not smoking. Picked up another when I went to drink myself into a stupor. Picked up another pack to deal with the hangover. Picked up another pack to go for a drive. In summary, I am smoking again.

Tomorrow I start again, but I need help.  I need comfort, or guidance, or just a friend. I'm feeling very lonely. I feel like my smoking is only hurting me and that I deserve to feel sick, nauseous, smell terrible, and suffer the consequences of long term smoking. I do not feel like I deserve to be healthy. I have fucked up my entire undergraduate college career. I have been dropped from a research study that I was almost done with (3 months to go).  My research study was on abusive relationships in college and the social networks (such as hotlines, shelters, friends, family) men and women utilize to cope with the abuse. This project was very close to my heart because I am a survivor of domestic abuse.  I never felt so passionately about a school "project" in my lifetime.  It was my undergraduate thesis and now I am left with nothing. Furthermore, I have been dropped from my major that corresponds with the thesis because I cannot complete the thesis before the end of the year and I do not have enough scholarship money or funds. It feels like an entire academic discipline has dumped me. I will never be able to show the world my proudest achievement.  

I am hurting more than ever.  My friends and family are on my side throughout this situation but my pride feels like it got kicked in the crotch several times over.  I feel like I have nothing to show for all my hard work in college and I will not be able to break the silence of domestic abuse survivors we interviewed and help the community of abused men and women.

I know this sounds like a lot of excuses to everyone, and I know I will get this answer.  In the past, I have used other means to cope with things but nothing has ever arisen this heartbreaking in my life.  I have used drugs, casual sex with strange men, and self harm to cope with things that hurt.  All of which are far in my past. Haven't used those methods in years - smoking seemed to take their place.  When I wasn't smoking, I was using meditation and yoga to cope with pain but this is a whole new level and I am at my wit's end. Nothing that has worked before is helping.  I don't know what to do.

I feel like I brought all of this onto myself. I feel like I deserve to pay the price by smoking and harming myself. I do not feel like I deserve friends and family that stand by me.  I have let everybody down. 

Any advice, words of love and compassion, would be much appreciated. Every day is harder, every day hurts more. I have tried PATH crisis hotline, individual therapy at the student health center, and talking to friends/family to deal with this but nothing is helping.

Thank you for your time in advance.