I SHOULD BE AT 5 MONTHS. CIGARETTES WILL NOT TASTE GOOD, CIGARETTES WILL NOT SOLVE YOUR PROBLEMS!

SORRY I AM GONNA WRITE MY WHOLE LIFE STORY FOR CATHARTIC REASONS OKAY. 

oh jeez guys, so I'm now 24 years old and I have been smoking off and on since I was 17, pretty heavily for the last couple years. In October 2012 I kicked the habit cold turkey using alan carr and it was a bitch of a couple months, I gained weight, hated those around me, but slowly and surely I thought I was done with them forever. I started training for a marathon and didn't ever look twice at cigarettes, felt bad for smokers I saw on the street, could get totally drunk and not care.
 But theeeen, around new years I took a hit off a spliff and liked it. But still for the next couple months I didn't touch cigarettes, just now and again would smoke some spliffs casually. I knew that I enjoyed it for more than the weed, but didn't stop. Then came a trip over to Belgium to visit a friend I hadn't seen in awhile. He would always smoke my cigarettes when we were drunk and lo and behold, once we got wasted, we bought a pack. Smoked them all night and then we had some left over the next day I had a couple while sober. Got home - reset my badge - felt shame. 
Still, I thought I was still strong, still done forever with the nicotine monster. But last week, 24 days after resetting my badge AGAIN, i smoked while drunk. regretted it the next day. This all leads to today. I feel pretty down and depressed, I am in love with a boy who doesn't love me as much as I want him too, school is annoying me, and I feel fat even though I'm pretty healthy, running a lot. 
Anyways, casual day at home and all of a sudden I'm walking to a convenience store and buying a package of tobacco. Get home - light it up aaaaand turns out, CIGARETTES ARE DISGUSTING. I only smoked two puffs, put it out and now I'm writing this. I wanted that cigarette to make me feel better, sexier, confident, happy, and for some reason I felt like it would. I'm a damn fool, cigarettes don't solve anything and they honestly don't taste good. anyways, never again. i don't want the life I had back. 

TLDR; slippery slope, stay vigilant fellow quitters. much love