Day 23 - Tips on how to not smoke while drinking

I’m a 26 year old male and have been smoking for 12 years so when I started experimenting with alcohol around 16 I was already a smoker. I had never not smoked a cigarette when I drank and the two just seemed to go hand in hand with each other. In college when I had tried to quit I was surrounded by friends who weren’t trying to quit and who drank and smoked heavily so it was very counter productive to my goal. Fast forward to three weeks ago when I decided I really needed a change, my hangovers had gotten to the point where I felt like I was dying. They would last two days, my chest would be extremely inflamed and would give me shooting pains that mimicked a heart attack, I had crazy anxiety, and I would just lay around and mope. I am by no means an alcoholic, I normally only drink socially on Friday’s and Saturdays and I’ve never gotten drunk by myself, but when I do get drunk I smoke a lot. So after having enough of feeling like I was dying, I decided to quit smoking. I was so hungover that the first couple days of not smoking were easy, it was day 3-7 that we’re the hardest, and that first weekend of drinking was crazy. 




Some tips on how I’ve gone three weekends in a row without smoking while still going out with my friends to bars and drinking. Go out, don’t let the cravings control you, if you get a bad craving, go to the bathroom until it passes or go get a drink inside where you can’t smoke anyway. Tell your friends not to let you have one, if they care about you they won’t let you. If the craving gets too bad, go home. Don’t worry about what time it is, just get yourself out of that situation. Talk to people, holding a conversation will distract you from cravings, especially talking to non smokers who aren’t blowing smoke in your face. What works best for me, remind yourself that cigarettes are the reason you feel so shitty when you’re hungover and if you smoke one, those feelings will return. If CBD is legal where you live, I highly recommend buying some gummies or oil, it doesn’t get you high and it minimizes anxiety, which makes your cravings all but go away. Have one beer a day through out the week and don’t smoke, you’ll start to make a habit out of drinking without smoking over time, it helps change the hand in hand relationship you’ve built over time.



It’s not easy, it’s fucking hard. But if I can do it, so can you.