Thoughts on Quitting With an App

For those of you who are just starting out, I have a personal anecdote that I hope others may be able to relate to.

The last time I tried to quit was about 3 years ago on my 30th birthday.  At that time, I tried using the [LIVESTRONG MyQuit Coach](https://itunes.apple.com/us/app/livestrong-myquit-coach-dare/id383122255?mt=8) and found it to be somewhat helpful.  Starting with slowing down from a pack a day to fewer and fewer per day, eventually stopping, and tracking cravings.  It seemed like a decent tool.  

I used it for about a month.

Eventually, after I broke down and bought a pack for who even remembers what reason, I pretty well just gave up the app fell right back into the habit.

About five months ago, I quit again. This time cold turkey.  After a few months smoke free, I saw the ["renew your resolutions Reddit blog post"](http://www.redditblog.com/2015/01/renew-your-resolutions.html) that pointed me at this subreddit. 

While skimming through a bunch of the (awesome) threads in here, I saw one that talked about using an app, and made me consider trying it again.

Having already overcome the initial hump, I've found app based quitting methods to be extremely counter productive.  They all seem to have the same feature where they remind you every day (at least) to count your cravings and come back to the app.  They even give you achievements for it! 

Any time I found myself back in the app, especially when I got there from a notification, it just reminded me that I could be smoking right now!  Oh yeah, I *have* had cravings, thanks for making me think about it! 

YMMV here, of course.  It seems that these apps are successful for a lot of people.  Even for me, it's still nice to occasionally take a look and see how much money I've saved, how many hours of life I've regained, etc. However, any sort of notification or frequent use of an app really felt like a step in the wrong direction.

TL;DR: If you're trying to use a stop smoking app, and you're still struggling, consider turning off notifications and using it less frequently.  Also, don't smoke today.