Attempting to quit cold turkey - could use some advice/encouragement!

Hi all. I'm 32 and have been smoking about 16 years, about a pack a day or at least close to.  I've made many attempts at quitting in the past by trying patches, gum, chantix, gradually tapering down, etc, but really never made it very far at all. To be honest they probably weren't really honest attempts at quitting because I couldn't tell you the last time I've actually gone a day without a cig.

Until today that is. As i type this, i'm officially about 40 hours cigarette free. I'm going cold turkey because I feel like that's really the only way i'll be able to quit. I just can't make excuses and I need to not give into any nicotine cravings.

So far, i have been strong but mentally I am a god damn mess. I am irrationally angry/depressed/emotional. I literally woke up this morning and wished i'd just die on my drive into work. I don't mean to sound like a drama queen and I don't want anyone to think i'm like suicidal or anything - i'm not - but those are the kinds of thoughts I'm having right now. I know this is the nicotine withdrawal, but from what i've read the worst of those effects generally happen 3-5 days in, and i'm only on my 2nd day. Literally all I can think about is how badly i want JUST ONE cig and how good it would feel to have a puff. I know though that if i even have just one, it will lead to going back to a pack a day.

I'm wondering how many of you out there have also quit cold turkey, have had similar feelings of depression/anger, and if you might have any tips as to how to overcome these, how long i should expect these feelings to last, etc.

For what it's worth, i'm really trying to go at this cold turkey. I'm bringing a lot of healthy foods/snacks with me to work so that i won't binge on junk food and gain weight. I'm planning on staying active and working out 5-6 days a week (we have a home gym in our garage). My wife does not smoke and hates when I smell like cigs so she has been my biggest supporter and advocate. My reasons for wanting to quit are to save money and just be healthier in general because we want to have a kid in the not too distant future.

Sorry if this was rambling or if i left out anything important. Any advice/encouragement would be greatly appreciated!!