The Ultimate Test of Will.

I've been smoking on and off for about 4 years, and I finally decided it was time to quit. This summer I was presented with the opportunity to work near the oil fields in south Texas. I worked in hospitality at a hotel where the workers could stay during the time they worked at the oil site. I swore to myself that once I got down there I would quit smoking.  I thought it would be easy because I would be away from home, and I would gain a fresh mindset. Boy was I wrong. 99% of the workers down there are chain smokers. Not to mention that my coworkers were lighting up a cancer stick about every fifteen minutes. My coworkers would make cigarette runs almost every day, and they would ask if I wanted any. I was working every day for 30 days straight, and my shifts were 10-12 hours. After work there were so many times that I thought I was going to break. It would've been so easy to ask literally anyone for a cigarette. However, my willpower and determination prevailed. I would always think to myself "what is the point of smoking just one cigarette?" It's useless. I knew that if I smoked even one that it would only increase my craving. While I was working I also took up the habits of running and meditation. Running helps because it made me realize that if I didn't quit smoking I would never be able to run efficiently. And, meditation helps with discipline, and it also helped me focus on what is truly important in my life. The ultimate test for me was being a passenger for six hours in a car that belonged to a chain smoker. He was smoking constantly, and my cravings were terrorizing me. However, I knew deep down that it wasn't worth it, and that I would be VERY disappointed in myself afterwards. Now I’ve been clean for over a month. I can tell my lung capacity has increased, and I feel so much healthier. Believe me, quitting is worth it. I feel like everyone enjoys smoking, but he/she knows that they have to quit eventually. Make the choice, and start today. The change can bring only positivity in the long run. 
          
 -“Every journey begins with a single step”


