14 Years today

July 15 2004 was my first smoke free day, I’ve now been smoke free for 14 years.

I’d transitioned from daily smoker to closet smoker. In July my wife and children were out of town, and I’d started smoking again after months smoke free. I decided to stop after July 14 and threw out my remaining cigarettes. On July 15 I was at work and realized I was making excuses about why I should have more smokes that night. Suddenly I got scared shitless when I realized how my mind was coming up with these reasons to try to convince me to smoke. It wasn’t a great day, and a cigarette would be good. I should get gas, and since I’d be there anyways I should get cigarettes - even though I didn’t really need gas. Etc. Excuses, excuses, excuses.

In one moment it suddenly became clear to me how my mind was coming up with these excuses and that I needed help. So there I was at work, at 3 in the afternoon, trying to figure out what to do. I looked for a forum to find help, and found a group at about.com, and put out a plea for help. Within minutes I had a bunch of responses trying to help. People told me that they’d be available, to keep in touch through the evening. I did, and the support was huge.

The most important message was from someone who said “If you think quitting is hard, imagine what it would be like to tell your children that you have cancer.” That stuck with me.

So that evening I started a project to build new shelves in the basement. I started painting the living room. I worked until I was exhausted. I ate a ridiculous number of popsicles. I chatted with people online. I did not have a cigarette. The evenings over the next week were the same. I kept myself incredibly busy. And throughout the support online was huge. Every time I reached out there was someone there to encourage me.

The first week sucked, but I got through, and then was convinced I needed to make this forever. It really surprised me how long the cravings lasted.

I am so much healthier now than when I quit. Since my quit I’ve become a runner. I’ve run 5k’s 10’s, half marathons and marathons. People now look at me as their healthy fit friend. I am healthier both mentally and physically.

So, every year on the anniversary of my quit I put out a thank you online to the people who helped. On my first year anniversary I found out that the woman who gave me the message about what it would be like to tell my children I had cancer had died of lung cancer.

About.com doesn’t exist anymore. But it still seems important to me to put out a thank you on my anniversary. 

To all of those people trying to quit now, take it from me - it’s worth it.
