So sad

Hi Reddit,

My family and I have been trying to help my dad quit smoking since I was a little kid. Anyone in our family who was a smoker has either quit or passed away, except him. He has tried to quit many times with or without various gimmicks, but he always relapses. My sister is expecting my dad's first grandchild in July, and she has been very adamant that her child will not be exposed to his cigarette habit. That is, she will not bring the newborn to my parents' house or leave it with my dad as long as he is a smoker. For the most part, I had given up all proactive efforts as superfluous because it would have to be his own doing, albeit with the support of all of us. 

He recently spent 5 days in the hospital with pneumonia. He is only 60 years old, so pneumonia should not be such a serious issue as this turned out to be. He required supplemental oxygen up until he was discharged. I thought this time he had been scared straight. I talked with him daily about how he was feeling, and everyday he would say, "a little better each day." Of course, he could not smoke in the hospital. I talked to him about 5 days of being smoke free and what a great accomplishment that is for him! Everyday he would say he was really going to try to quit this time, and he wanted to keep his mind off of smoking. I would press on, saying although he was recovering from sickness, he was well-rested and pumped full of IV fluids for hydration and in the best possible scenario to try to quit. He had already made it 5 days! Then he would assure me, "I need to quit. I know." To be discharged, he was required to leave with supplemental oxygen in case of an emergency. He literally needs to be carry around a tank of oxygen because his body might not be able to extract enough oxygen from the air we breathe. 

My mom assured me that she had removed his couple of ash trays and any lingering packs of cigs from the house or their car. Per usual, I talked to him daily as his recovery progressed at home. On day 2, I asked him directly, "You still haven't smoked?" He assured me that it had been 7 days since his last cigarette. Again he told me he is really trying to keep his mind off of smoking, so we quickly changed the topic to trip he has planned for the following week.

This morning, I talked to my parents as they were driving the final leg of their trip to Phoenix. I was saying how we got about 4 inches of snow last night. My dad was bragging about it being in the upper 50s, that he only needed a light sweatshirt to step outside for his morning smoke. 

My heart sank. I asked, simply, "What?" He heard the pain and surprise in my voice. He said, "Yeah, I've been trying but it's hard when you're on the road. I've only had a couple." "Bullshit." I said calmly. "Road trips are easy. I need to let you go. I'm upset." I was holding back tears. Then I couldn't hold them back, but I don't think they were felt through the phone. "I'm sorry." He repeated it two more times. I don't think he knew how sad I was. I couldn't explain how sad I was. I haven't been so overwhelmed by emotion in a very long time. Then we each said goodbye. 

I thought we were in the clear. I thought he had made it. I just feel so let down. I don't know what to do with this anger and sadness because I know I shouldn't direct it at him. I've tried that in the past, and it doesn't make him quit. I don't know how I want our next conversation to pan out, but just writing all of this out has been therapeutic if nothing else. 

Words of encouragement needed,  
Sad son of a smoker

&amp;#x200B;