13 years today

Thirteen years ago today, I found myself sitting at work thinking about excuses for why I would pick up cigarettes on the way home - having thrown out my remaining cigarettes the night before. I was a closet smoker, having smoked outside work for about 5 years, then hiding it when I met my wife. I'd quit twice before for over a year each but whenever I was on my own, on travel, etc I'd slip back. My family was out of town for two weeks, and for 5 days I'd slipped back into smoking. So, the excuses. My car was a bit low on gas, part of me said, so I might as well stop on the way home and since I'd be stopped anyways.... There was a movie just out that I wanted to watch, and it would be better with a smoke. Anyways, excuses, and I suddenly had a realization about what was happening...

So, mid afternoon I went to about.com, found a quit smoking community, and posted a call for help. The support was staggering, but the comment that resonated the most was someone who asked **"If you think quitting is hard, imagine what telling your children that you have cancer would be like."** I had dozens of responses before I left work, and continued to talk to people through the evening. I ate a lot of popsicles. I realized I needed to keep busy, so I painted a room. I built new shelves in the basement. I ate more popsicles. I walked the dog. And as much as it sucked, I made it. Since then, my life is so much better. I took up running. I'm healthier. I've run marathons. And above all else, I feel so much better about myself. I wish I could say that I don't occasionally crave a cigarette, but that would be a lie. I can say it happens less often & less strongly, and there is no question about whether I'll ever give in to the urge.

The support of the community helped a lot, and every year on this day I'd go back and say thanks again. I think it was on my 3 year anniversary that I heard that the woman who made the cancer comment to me had died of cancer. I'm tearing up now just thinking about that, but I know she'd be happy to know that her comment was the one that penetrated my fog and gave me the strength I needed.

I've typed more than I meant to, but since about.com is gone now, I thought I'd come in here, and say thanks to everyone who helps others quit, and share this with the people who are trying. Be Strong, it's worth it.
