You can do this. It gets easier with time.

The beginning is the hardest part.  Hang in there.  Persevere and it will get easier with time.  I promise you.

I think for me the third day was the worst.  The anxiety mounted all day long until it finally slid off of me in the late afternoon.  I hope I will remember that moment for the rest of my life.  It felt SO GOOD to suddenly realize that I was going to beat this monstrous addiction that had controlled roughly 20 years of my life.

The anxiety was there one moment, and gone the next.  It was almost like learning that your childhood bully has moved away to another town.

The feeling was so profound and powerful that I found myself laughing before I realized it.  I could feel the end of the nicotine withdrawal, almost like a veil being lifted.  For the first time in longer than I could remember, I didn't have that quiet, secret terror lurking in the recesses of my mind.

That wasn't the end of the difficulty by any means.  I would still crave smoking from time to time, but it was easy to remind myself that I didn't ever want to face that again.  So easy in fact, that when life jumped the rails a few weeks later and the stress cranked up to 11, the thought of lighting up a smoke only crossed my mind long enough for me to thank God that I don't smoke anymore.

Cigarettes stressed me out.  Nicotine stressed me out and gave me anxiety, because that is how they work.  

Did you know it only takes about an hour after smoking a cigarette for your body to begin showing signs of nicotine withdrawal?  For me, this meant when I was a smoker, that I was in withdrawal for parts of every day.  When I would wake up in the morning: nicotine withdrawal.  While at work: nicotine withdrawal.  Smoke like a chimney during lunch break: early afternoon nicotine withdrawal.

I wanted to quit for a long time, but it wasn't until I learned about the mechanisms of nicotine withdrawal that I found the perseverance to finally succeed.

I was thinking about smoking the other day.  It was -6 degrees Fahrenheit and there was a guy standing outside the American Legion smoking a cigarette as a drove by.  I felt a pang of regret for the poor guy, and wondered how long has it been?  So I popped in here to take a look at my quit counter.  :)  

1056 days.  I can honestly say I'm proud of myself.  I didn't think I would ever be able to do it, but I did.  I'm a nonsmoker.  You can do it too.  Just hang in there!
