Day 3

So I'm in bed with the quitters flu today, figured it would be a good time to reflect on the past three days. 

In all honesty outside of the illness it's going great.  I've quit literally hundreds of time but this feels like the real thing. I was stuck in the eternal cycle of "trying" to quit, not smoking for a couple days, smoking a pack, and repeating. The only difference is I'm not "trying" to quit, I'm just not smoking. I have no real desire to smoke now.

I'm using the lowest dose of the patch for the first few weeks as I couldn't get past the first day at work cold turkey.

Notes so far:

. Irritability. This is definitely true, but I've not been allowing it to cripple me. At work I've been putting in headphones and interacting minimally with the hope of not yelling at anyone. Also drinking plenty of water, meditating, and exercise (doing Nerd Fitness' body exercise routine, which you can do from home).

. Fidgety. I've been staying as busy as possible which is helping with this. For example, I've been cleaning the house, getting a new pair of winter boots, running a bunch of errands, finishing a couple projects which I've been eternally been putting off. Helps to put smoking out of your mind while also increasing productivity.

. Mountains of poo. Honestly, I don't know where it's all coming from, but holy shit. I guess it's the digestive tract normalizing to pre-nicotine levels. I figure this will sort itself out eventually.

. Insomnia. Yeah this one is hard. I have been an insomniac for years (although I'm realizing more and more that this is caused by smoking), and I find it difficult to get to sleep. I have Xanax for anxiety, but I try to avoid as I become a zombie the next day. I've been forcing myself to go to bed earlier than I would even without sleep.

. Zombification. The most difficult for me and what I used to stop quitting most times. I've drastically reduced the caffeine intake as well which isn't helping. My understanding is this will pass after a few weeks.

All in all, this is going really well. Any words of advice of support are welcome. If you are just starting, grab a badge and join me. Your excuses and self-constructed storylines which justify your addiction really are the only thing holding you back.