Me and my addict, Janet.

Hi guys! First off, THANK YOU for all of the support so far. This sub has been really fantastic. I'm on Day 6 and feelin' ok! I wanted to share with you guys a trick I've been using to help me with the mental side of quitting. 

I have been an actor and theatre artist for most of my life. One thing I learned a while ago and now encourage my own students to do is to refer to a character you're playing as "I" not "he or she." A large part of acting out a part is having to justify every word or action of that person so that you'll be believable. So for example, let's say I'm playing Lady Macbeth; my connection to that character and her motives become stronger if I say "*I* am willing to kill for power" rather than "*She* is willing to kill for power." I am forced to justify motives within myself instead of applying them to another person. Make sense?

So a few days ago, in the throes of several terrible cravings, I was listening to my ridiculous addict justifications for wanting to buy a pack and getting really down on myself for being so *dumb* to think these things. Then I figured, hey, why not try my characterization trick in *reverse*? I needed to give myself a break. Instead of listening to my justifications and applying shame to myself, why not put distance between myself and the illogical nonsense? 

So I named my addict Janet. No reason, just the name that popped into my head. I made her really specific in my mind. I imagine that Janet is all the messiest parts of me, the worst parts of who I used to be and my fears of what I'd become if I didn't quit. She's got ratty bleached out hair that's always tangled and wears clothes that don't fit with her boobs hiked up to her chin. She talks like The Californians on SNL, and is arguably drunk all the time (I stopped drinking two years ago when my SO got sober) so she's really obnoxious. She smells like death, her teeth are a yellow mess and her fingers are constantly cold and yellowing. She's a really convenient scapegoat for my quitter's angst. It's almost fun to have this stupid chick in my head to hurl insults at instead of myself or loved ones:


Janet: "Omigawd, like, it's been almost a week and like NOBODY expects you to quit the first time around so just have one!"

Me: "Janet, you are such a stupid bitch, that makes no sense, shut up."

Janet: "That customer was like the RUDEST. Just have one to calm down!"

Me: "Janet, I swear to God I will pimp-slap you if you don't stem the flow of horseshit coming out of your whore mouth."

Janet: "WAKE UP, it's 4am and you have, like, ALL of the things to worry about. I bet you could fall back asleep if you smoked one!"

Me: "JANET, I WILL END YOU AND YOUR STUPID IDIOT FACE."


My SO and our roommate know about Janet and they think it's hilarious. They'll even tell Janet to shut up for me. We laugh about it a lot, which is not something I planned on; I never thought I'd find so much humor in quitting. 

I know this weird actor mental trick may not work for everyone but I thought I'd share in the hopes that someone might like it and give it a try! I hope all of you are doing well and fighting the good fight :) 

Let's not smoke today, yeah? 