Tried to quit now smoking more than I did before I tried

Try to keep this short and sweet.  I'm 32.  I started smoking at 16 when I was a cook because unless you smoked you couldn't get a break (fucked up right?  that's for another story).  Anyway spent 15-16 years being a legit social smoker.  Only smoked when I drank, could easily go a week without it on a family vacation.  Skipped days regularly.  At most had 10 cigs on a heavy drinking sat-sun night.  Two months ago I decided it was time to quit.  Yes I was maybe averaging a pack a week, but I told myself when I was younger I'd stop that shit by the time I was 27-28 and now I'm 32 and hit me... time to cut it out.

So I bought nicorette, I stopped kidding myself and sneaking it around my family, I tried to do what I could to admit I was an addict.  I spent an entire night on this subreddit and youtube about why not to smoke.  After that night I went about 8 days without a smoke.  I was eating healthy, breathing better, had more energy then I had in years.  

Then all of a sudden I picked it up again.  But this time I am no longer a social smoker, I am now smoking a pack or sometimes two a day.  I need to have one before meetings or everytime I drive.  I'm 10X worse then I was for 15 years, all because I finally decided to quit and somehow admitting to myself I was addicted fucked me up even worse.

I don't know that I'm getting to a point here.  Has anyone else encountered this and any suggestions?

I'm not unfamiliar with overcoming mental problems and I understand my brain is fucked up.  I had serious anxiety attacks and depression at one point in my life.  I was strong enough to (against doctors orders) ween myself slowly off my anti-depressants and become drug free and haven't had an anxiety attack or desire to kill myself in years.  It took a few good books, and a few good conversations with my family, but I overcame it.  This seems so much simpler, but for some reason I can't beat it.

I've tried nicorette, acceptance, lurking r/stop smoking, quit smoking apps, talking to family.  Problem is everything i try seems to make it worse, because apparently I'm a stubborn asshole.

Thanks for any suggestions.  No pressure, but I'm the kind of person that can be changed if something is said to me in the right way, in the right context, when I'm ready to hear it.  I hope today is the day...

Sorry this was neither short nor sweet!