I want to want to quit

I've been smoking for about 5 years, 7-10 cigarettes a day. I hate that I smoke. I'm a nice, smart, sensible person. I don't know why I still do it. I have every reason to quit. I don't want to keep killing myself, I can't afford it, it's such a waste but dammit, I *like* it. And I hate that I like it, but my stupid addict brain won't shut up. I'll see a character I like smoking in a movie and I get a craving. I've got a ten minute drive so I spark up even if I don't really feel like it. For craps sake I'm sick right now and I still make the stupid decision to do it. I've always had an oral fixation since I was little and I hate that it's manifested in the worst possible way as an adult. I feel like such a baby. And selfish and foolish and a list of other things that get me down about myself. I feel like smoking makes me a bad person.

My dad smoked when he was a teen and boasts that one day he just stopped and never looked back (although he did smoke some awful cigarillos for a while when I was in high school). My mom smoked in her teens but my dad wouldn't marry her if she smoked so she quit. I think I've foolishly been waiting, hoping that I'd just get bored and decide to quit on my own, but it hasn't happened yet and I know I can't get keep hoping my addict brain will go away. Because it won't. 

I live with my wonderful, amazing partner of 4 years who also smokes. He feels the same; that it's a waste of time and money and our health to smoke but we like it. It's not an excuse of course, but it does make it harder to quit when your favorite person also does this horrible thing you love to do.

When I first discovered this sub I was so blown away by how supportive everyone is and how inspired I was. And I started craving a cigarette so intensely. It's like my addict brain saw a potential threat and started screaming at me to drown out any voice of reason. I'm just now finding the balls to post here, over a month later. It's like I convince myself that I don't deserve support or a smoke-free life. Because if I'm dumb enough to smoke why would anyone help me? I think I finally connected the dots that that line of reasoning was the same kind of thoughts I had while deeply depressed in high school; that I wasn't deserving so why bother? I hated those thoughts at 17 and I hate them even more ten years later. This shit needs to stop and I need to stop punishing myself for stupid-ass reasons. 

Thanks for letting me vent. I'd really like to not meet another new year as a smoker but I get so overwhelmed thinking about how hard quitting will be that I shut down. Any tips or suggestions (especially about fighting my deeply ingrained oral fixation) would be greatly appreciated. I hope you all have a happy, healthy and safe NYE!