Gearing up for the quit

I have just turned 39 and have been smoking since the age of 14, so roughly 25 years. For nearly all of that time I've smoked right around 1 pack a day, currently full flavor American Spirits (if I smoke more traditional brands, as I'll occasionally do when I can't get mine, I'm closer to 1.5+ packs a day). I've watched all of my old friends quit and move forward with their lives smoke-free while I've been the one to keep clinging to my cigarettes.

I am a serial quitter who has almost never made it past day 1. The big exception for me was when I enrolled in a medical study a few years back. In that structured, supported environment with careful planning around a quit date I managed to make it a month and have since regretted squandering that opportunity. Since it was a drug trial, I can't just go back and try again with the most effective method I've found to date. One thing I can take from that experience, however, is recognizing the twisted reasoning that I used to justify lighting that cigarette after a full month of success.

I ran across this site a few days ago and have been browsing some of the threads. The mentions of Allen Carr's book caught my eye so I downloaded it and have been making my way through, following his advice to continue smoking in the meantime. I've just gotten to Chapter 9. I'm trying my best to have an open mind. So far I appreciate how relatable Carr's experiences with nicotine are to my own. I particularly noted the paragraph where he describes the moments we try to quit as often being moments of crisis, stress or desperation. There have been more difficult times in my past when I have chosen cigarettes over food while waiting for my next paycheck to hit my bank account and these tend to be the times when I have made desperate attempts to quit only to quickly fail. I also relate strongly to the misery that he describes. I no longer enjoy cigarettes and haven't for years. Cigarettes often feel like the one thing holding me back from pursuing anything I value in life. I delayed marrying my wife for quite some time because I believed she deserved better than to marry a smoker. Ultimately, we bought a house together and that was the impetus to get past that reservation. We married last year and I still believe she deserves better than a smoker.

I bring up these changes because, unlike many past attempts, this is a very positive time in my life. My relationship and financial pictures are stronger than they've been in my adult life. I want to harness those positive things in a quit attempt. The negatives in my life are things that I tie directly to my smoking. I'm overweight and sedentary. I drink too much out of boredom and habit (I might be accused of minimizing this here. It's a problematic distraction and demotivator but I honestly don't feel it has a hold on me in the way cigarettes do and I place it among other lifestyle choices such as an unhealthy diet that I can better control if I make the choice to do so). I'm bored and unmotivated at work even after receiving a substantial pay increase. The hardest part for me to publicly (though anonymously) admit is that while all else is good in my relationship our sex life is uninspired and this has entirely to do with how I'm feeling about myself physically, while my wife of course thinks it has to do with how I feel about her physically, against my protests.

Perhaps I've painted too full of a picture here but I don't know how I should be approaching this community and how to best interact with you all to help myself along on this attempt. I'm trying to figure out the same thing about  how to approach Carr's book most effectively, but perhaps that's something that just will or will not eventually reveal itself as I read along.