Fallen off the wagon. Trying to get back up (long post again, so sorry)

Not long after I posted about 2 weeks ago that I was done smoking, I picked them back up. I really hate that I did it, but I have fallen back into my old habits (smoking while driving, smoking when stressed, smoking when thirsty, smoking when bored, and sometimes after meals). However, I feel a lot stronger now (mentally) because I have been able to more or less relax this week. I'm taking this opportunity to try to stop smoking again. I'm still on the Wellbutrin which I think will make this easier.

Here is how I plan on handling the 4 main situations in which I smoke:

Driving: I take a long boring road to school so I need mental and buccal stimulation. For the buccal stimulation, I bought a pack of mints. For the mental stimulation, I am going to pull up a Pandora station (radio stations mostly suck when I'm going to school) and listen to it.

Stressed/anxious: I have been very recently diagnosed with general anxiety disorder. This could be one of the reasons that I turned to cigarettes, since I wasn't getting the medication I needed (doctor I saw growing up didn't really "believe" in mental illness....). I am now seeing a Nurse Practitioner who is fantastic. She listens to what's going on and is not judgmental. She doesn't believe in just throwing pills at someone for mental disorders, but she knows that they can help in recovery. She prescribed me Ativan 1 per day for my anxiety. I'm thinking that if I have a major urge to smoke, I will take 1/2 of an ativan, not to exceed 1 per day.

Bored: When I am bored, I will changed whatever I am doing at the time. If I am watching Youtube videos passively, I will put on some music and clean something at home. If I am doing homework, I will stop and do something fun. Kind of alternating between fun and productive activities.

Thirsty: I have a Brita Filter Bottle that requires that you suck the water through a straw. This can help stimulate the sensation of smoking. I will also have jars of cold brew tea available. I will also allow myself a soda a day, but no more than that.

After meals: I will admit I am kinda stumped on this one. After eating, I could eat a small dessert, but I am trying to log my calories, so I don't know how sustainable that is in the long run. I'm also trying to cut back on sugars. Suggestions?

So I feel like I have a decent pathway to quitting set up, but I was just wanting to see if you guys had any further suggestions.

Has anyone used benzodiazepines in the same way that I am? How did that work for you?