Cold turkey... please weigh in with ALL your helpful advice and tips!

I think I'm just gonna go cold turkey. The way I see it, when I go to my parent's house, I can't smoke. I make lame excuses for reasons to leave and chain a couple while I'm out, have a mint and hope for the best, but, in reality I'll only smoke maybe 5 a day while I'm there. And nothing bad happens. The first couple of days are pretty moody but after that I get used to it. When I'm back home, I can smoke/drink/eat/whatever I please and I end up back on a pack a day, and back in the whole endless conversation with myself about how I don't want to smoke, but I am, and why am I, because I can, and what does that mean, that I'm dumb enough and my personal standards drop drastically when I'm by myself and I think money doesn't exist, so why don't you stop, I will on Monday... yada yada yada and it's next year again. 

I feel like, however bad I've read it is, those first few hours at my parents' when I REALLY want one and can't have one, is actually not that awful. Like, it's awful, but I'm not in pain, I'm not homeless, I'm not living in forced sexual servitude or anything like that, I'm craving a thing that I indulge in which I am entirely aware is pointless, bad for me, WAY too expensive, socially unacceptable, smelly, gross, old-fashioned, a sign of weakness; something which really there is nothing good to say about. 

I'm thinking before Christmas- if I leave it til after Christmas it'll just become a nothing again (see yada yada above) and if I do it to include Christmas then I'll feel like I've done doubly well, and will be able to self-congratulate all the harder in the New Year when the ever-dwindling group of folks left smoking are trying to quit. 

I would just welcome ALL advice on those who've done it cold turkey. I'm rejecting patches (don't want a cig all the time, it's the ritual and occasions that make me want them because I'm VERY habitual, so I will find new rituals, also I've tried them before and they just itch and make me TOO stimulated). Gum- tastes manky. Sprays/tabs etc... maybe because they really ram home how weird a thing smoking is. I'm thinking cold turkey and if THEN I get desperate then I'll buy some sort of NRT and take my own path as to how use it (within dosage etc). This 'piece of gum every 4 hours' thing is weird to me. 

I'm thinking Monday. Can I please have advice off anyone willing to give it about this so I don't fuck it up- I feel ridiculous myself to keep this unbelievably dumbass habit and I definitely want it gone. I'm making myself pay for them at the moment with money because I have to hand a £10 note over every time and that makes me feel a bit sick to do so, so I think it's now. Also I was 40 a few weeks ago and I really wanted to have quit by now. 