I quit smoking on June 14th, 2017. I am not going back.

Hi everybody!

I've been reading a lot of threads here (and elsewhere) on the process of quitting smoking and I've found the stories captivating; motivating. I'm not one to publicly talk about my demons, or even share them with loved ones unless I deem them severe enough, but I'm trying to change my approach now that it's become impossible to face these things alone. I'm 33 years old, and the reluctance to accept help and support from others out of a fear of appearing vulnerable, or troubled, is something that's (for lack of a better term) immature. I didn't always feel this way; I've evolved. Somebody that requires help isn't a burden, but simply a human being in need of a support system. My family, girlfriend, friends, and co-workers have expressed their support in helping me kick this thing, and I figured that I'd post here as well. I'd like to help motivate others, and build my own confidence in staying off of nicotine. It could serve as a cautionary tale to those that find themselves in the early stages of cigarette addiction. The same kind of cautionary tales I ignored when other smokers told me "what's up."

There's no shame, guys. We take action based on a system of what we think we need, what others need, and so on and so forth. Whether or not out thoughts and/or actions are rational is another story. My thought process: "I don't need this. This is a luxury, a form of hedonism. I can quit anytime I want."

Ahem, no. No, you couldn't. Warning: rambling ahead.

It all started with a few loose cigarettes (while drinking) with a family member, and I inevitably bought my first pack (Camel Crush) in Spring 2010. Now, I was never a pack-a-day person. I started out (at 25 y/o) on a one-a-day frequency, and gradually drifted to around 2-3 per day. That slipped up to 3-4 per day before long, and eventually beyond that. I maintained that by falling into a routine familiar to many: a smoke on the drive in to work, a smoke at lunch, a smoke on the drive home. This was regardless of the stress level at my job (which changed several times over the 7 years I've been smoking) ... it was simply my routine. The way it was.

My brain had gotten used to the schedule of nicotine hits. In fact, my car became associated with them as well. Driving can be stressful, and the quick n' easy "stress relief" of smoking almost every time I got behind the wheel was the grandest of crutches. The night I met my current girlfriend, she knew immediately that I was a smoker... my car was permeated with the scent. Whenever I arrived at an event, the odds are that I probably had a smoke on the way there; my friends/family would comment on it. My car had become, no pun intended, a vehicle for my addiction.

A (heavy-smoking) co-worker warned me early on, as I boasted that I would be able to maintain a 2-3 per day habit indefinitely, that it would inevitably slip to 8-10 per day or more. There was almost no stopping it, he said. I accepted his advice, but brushed his warning off, believing my mental fortitude was sufficient to ensure that I would never fall prey to such things. To be fair to myself, it took a long time for it to develop.

For several years, I fluctuated between around 2-4 per day during the week. My girlfriend (2011-2016) did not smoke, but knew I did. We were weekenders due to a number of factors. To respect her nose, and to maintain the image that I didn't identify as a "smoker" (which is a lie that I was telling myself too) I almost never smoked on the weekends. The unique pleasure that my brain associated with nicotine was absent. While it wasn't readily apparent at the time, I know now that I was slowly torturing my body and potentially... subconsciously associating my ex with mild discomfort. This thought never occurred to me then. All told, our relationship wasn't going to work out for reasons unrelated to nicotine addiction. I can't blame cigarettes, but I can say that the addiction had a clear grip (even at 3-per-day!) when I was having 1 (or 2!) immediately upon leaving her place every Monday morning.

We broke up (actually several times) in 2016. The first time, I was actually on the verge of quitting smoking. In April, I was doing well! I had lost about 30 pounds and reduced my intake to 1-2 per day (from around 4) by using a system of "don't buy a pack, just bum." This probably works better when your own mother, who you live with and help care for, doesn't smoke like a chimney. After the breakup, I couldn't maintain the farce: I bought a pack. I bought 2 packs. I was back to 3-5 per day by the summertime. In addition to not being a successful way to wean myself off of nicotine, smoking primarily my mother's cigs (which she was always generous enough to share) got me into the habit of smoking at my house. Something that I had never really allowed to become a thing before. When you associate certain places with certain activities, notably addictive substances, breaking the lock that they have over you is incredibly difficult. If that place is the porch you traverse nearly every single day... well... even worse.

Due to the breakup, and other family drama, and some other factors (second new job role in a year) around the end of 2016 I slipped upwards to a "liberal" 4-minimum, 6-ish average cigs per day. No longer relegated to my commute and lunch break, I was having one first thing in the morning... at least one or two at night. If I felt bored, I'd have one. If I were watching a YouTube video outside, I'd have one. The floodgates had been opened to have as many as I saw necessary. I'd be up to my old average of 3+ by noon. Thankfully all of this was outdoors or in my car, my home's interior still sacred as I would never accept that odor in my living quarters. You've gotta have standards. 

Now would be a good time to mention that, yeah, I understand that slipping from 1-3 to 3-5 to 5-8 cigarettes per day is still fairly mild compared to those that have suffered with a pack-a-day or otherwise double-digit frequency. As my co-worker had hinted, though: where would the line be drawn when my body is calling out for this chemical? Also: doubling/tripling my dosage was certainly not a positive sign. It stood to reason that I could get even worse; this is where I began to consider quitting again. Of course, my brain wasn't having it whatsoever.

I met somebody new in February, and we fell in love. I'm extremely happy in my relationship. Without getting TMI, however, the heartbreak I experienced in 2016 (the most intense breakup of my life) combined with the challenge of learning to love/trust again (especially with the intensity of feelings my new girlfriend and I share) made cigarettes an easy go-to anytime I was having complex emotions. They only increased any anxiety. I was dousing any of the tiny fires in my mind with kerosene, making them bigger. It's a testament to the strength of my relationship that any anxiety loops were as subdued as they ended up being; I remember whipping myself into a frenzy during my previous breakup. The echoes of that pain persist. That said, the cloudiness brought on by cigarettes did me no favors.

Like my ex, my current GF does not smoke and doesn't tolerate it in her immediate vicinity, though understands that I do smoke and has supported my lifestyle choices as long as they don't interfere with our relationship. As before, we're weekenders for the most part. The cocktail of upping my weekday frequency in 2016, and going without for a 2-3 day stretch every weekend, created a worse paradigm than before. My GF has told me that she notices my withdrawal symptoms (e.g. oral fixation) which is something that my ex never mentioned, and I doubt was quite as apparent. It became clear: smoking was more a part of my life than I ever intended, and I was powerless to stop it.

Well, not powerless. I tried half-measures. I resolved to stop smoking in my car, and I stuck to it. What ended up happening, however, was that I smoked just as much as before (around 6 average) and began associating it with new venues. Cigarettes were, unbeknownst to me, an anxiety factory that turned molehills into mountains... and more or less kept them that way. My bullshit tolerance went close to zero. Being away from them made me crave them more. Any sense that I could control the physiological/psychological addiction to nicotine was out the window.

What's worse was... I really felt like shit while using them.  My lungs didn't like it, my skin wasn't liking it. I would take a puff, get that "nice" endorphin hit, and then almost IMMEDIATELY a wave of exhaustion. I was short of breath after scaling the staircase at work. I was, generally speaking, in a bad mood after smoking. Yet I persisted. I'd cough, and cough again, and then grab another drag to satiate the short-term craving. It was habitual.

This was about the time that I started to realize something was wrong. I was dependent and depressed. My brain? Foggy. Focus down. Sleep down. Energy down. It was hurting my relationship, it was hurting my friendships, it was hurting my job, and my family. I couldn't even get through a TV program or movie without losing attention. I wasn't feeling the same level of passion for almost anything, because my anxiety was off the charts. I had a chemical impulse, even without double-digits in cigarette usage. It let my natural anxiety run on "steroids."

What was my juiced-up anxiety centered around? The next cigarette. I'd be tapping my feet, snapping my fingers, feeling general unease and impatience. I'm naturally a little anxious, but this was a whole other deal. If cigarettes were an option, in the back of my mind would be the sensation of "Let's go! Get on with it!" even when I was having a really good time. Even when I'd had 4-5 cigarettes that day. Something had to change.

And so, once again I said, "I'm not buying another pack. I'll bum."

Different methods work for different people, but for me, any half-measure simply isn't enough. 

It took around a week: my car had an issue. I bought a pack. I smoked a good 7-8 cigarettes that day. 

Any rope I gave myself was used to hang my true desire to quit, within days.

So, my story ends here with my final resolution: I quit on June 14th, 2017. 

I held the last cigarette in my hand, making sure to mentally note every aspect of what was happening; to apply importance to the moment. I absorbed how the cigarette looked, how it felt to hold between my fingers, how the smoke blew in the wind, the whole experience. I made it memorable. And with that, I moved on. I quit cold turkey. I couldn't allow myself any kind of excuse to keep the nicotine flowing. No patches, no baby steps, just closing the door.

For those that read this whole mess, thank you for reading. I hope you took something positive from it. I'm happy to discuss my experience in the comments if anybody has any questions or thoughts. 

Good luck in your own struggles, and godspeed!

TL;DR I started smoking in 2010 at 25, thought I could be a mild/moderate smoker, and let it get somewhat out of control. Nicotine addiction hurt my health, mentally and physically, and took a toll on everything important in my life. I finally had my last cigarette June 14th, 2017, and I'm not going to let it poison me again. I have faith that I can push these 5 days to 5 months, and those 5 months to 5 years. Hopefully, ultimately, 5 decades or more. If you're early on in your smoking, like I was when I was warned, heed my words: stop now if you want to be free.
