Day 22: why I quit, why I'm staying quit and the hurdles I've cleared

I was seeing a Navy Corpsman that brought a level of joy to my life I thought I would never see again. When she left I felt lower than low. I took a hard look at myself and didn't like the man I had let myself become. Smoker, drinker, out of shape and introverted.

First I decided to get my body back in shape. I started Tapout XT but couldn't even finish some of the warmups. I just ran out of air. I kept trying but it just made me feel sick. After a couple days I walked into my Captain's office and put a pack and a half of camel menthols on his desk. I asked him if he would do the honors of destroying them, seeing as he had previously taken every opportunity possible to disapprove of my habit.

I then realized that not smoking was my first big challenge and would need all my attention. I didn't want to buy the book everyone here was talking about so I read "Freedom From Nicotine" which is free online. I made sure to read it during the first few days when cravings were bad. I got to maybe page 60 on day two when I came down with the worst flu I had ever had. It was a combination of withdrawal and actually being sick and it wrecked me for 4 days straight. I knew I never wanted to go through that again.

For weeks I was a terrible pain in the ass to be around. I bit everyone's head off constantly, bulldozed my coworkers and made people wish I would light up. I didn't though, because I knew one puff was one pack was a carton was a relapse.

Before I knew it weeks had passed and cravings were odd thoughts that popped up and then went away. The change in thinking in had from reading freedom from nicotine had completely adjusted how I mentally processed cravings.

Now I can finish entire workout sessions. If I quit it's because my muscles fail, not my lungs. My stomach is flatter and I feel happier and more in control. I read a book on charisma and can practice that now as well.

Yesterday I interviewed for a sergeant position and I did so well it got my nerves way up. I wanted to light up when I was reeling, but I didn't. I can have a conversation with a coworker while they're smoking and not have more than a fleeting though about smoking.

It can be done, but you have to learn how to think about cravings. 