I quit yesterday and I need to vent

**TL;DR: I quit yesterday, I smoke(d) a lot and it's really hard. I'd done it before for six months and got so discouraged when I failed that I didn't try again for over a year. I'm miserable atm, but back on the horse.**

I'm 25 years old, female. I started smoking at 13. By 17, I was smoking a pack a day. This year, I found myself smoking over 40 cigarettes daily - sometimes even 60 if I pulled an all nighter or the like. I lit my first cigarette of the day while still in bed, you know the drill.

The reason I decided to quit is, mainly, that I was grossing myself out by smoking so much. I never minded smoking, I romanticised it quite a bit, but this was just too much - it became embarrassing to keep lighting up in front of people at such a rate. I also started worrying about my skin, breath and teeth. Maybe I'm doing it for the most superficial reasons, but they feel fairly powerful right now.

I'm on nicotine patches, I'm using one and a half a day, so 30mg of nicotine in total. I am anxious, depressed, unproductive and generally miserable (45 hours and counting). I'm hoping to use the memory of these horrible few days as an incentive not to f*ck up - especially next weekend, which is what I'm most worried about.

I know that the hardest will be to be around my smoker friends at parties. I'm not going out this weekend but I do drink and have a very active social life and I'm hoping that with over a week of progress on my shoulders, I'll be able to face that scenario the weekend after this one - because I really don't want to give up on any other aspect of my life, which I quite like.

I did all the reading, video watching and posting that is suggested here on my only other attempt at quitting which, after trying and failing for three months, eventually stuck for exactly six months. I made the usual stupid mistake: I got cocky, I wasn't even thinking about cigarettes, triggers were so rare that I wasn't watching out for them anymore, and in a very specific context I figured one puff wouldn't hurt.

At least I (re)learnt from that something I already knew: you have to always keep an eye out for unexpected triggers no matter how well you're feeling, and of course, NOT EVEN ONE PUFF, EVER. 

On another level though, I also learnt that leaning into the whole 'health' culture doesn't do it for me. I was exercising and drinking smoothies and worrying about toxins and because I'm a very all-or-nothing type of person, even when cigarettes were no longer an issue to the extent they were at the beginning, my new 'lifestyle' felt like it wasn't exactly me, like I had been excerting quite a bit of effort at all times to keep up with it, if that makes any sense.. My approach this time will be (I'm hoping...) to still do some exercise as I already do and to try to eat a balanced diet as I already do, but to allow myself the all night dancing and drinking and the other not-particularly-healthy choices that I make which I currently find fulfilling -- there will come a time when I'll cut back on the partying and all that but this isn't it yet. I want to make this *just* about the smoking.

Thanks to anyone who's read this far and I'm sorry if I sound harsh or like I'm a horrible person -- I'm writing at the peak of my anxiety and irritability. Last time I quit I was active on the sub and I was so grateful to so many lovely people that were ready to listen and contribute, and when I was feeling stronger I contributed myself. It really is an amazing space. So thanks in advance for taking me back - is how it feels like in a way. 