Day 2 and I could just wreck the world...

Yesterday was pretty easy.  I'd smoked a lot over the weekend and have been talking myself into this for a while. I just moved into a new place and don't like the way the neighbors look at me when I'm smoking as their kids run by. Also that commercial where the guy thinks a girl's hot, but then realizes she's a smoker and rags on her... that bothered me.  Oh and the whole trouble breathing thing... So I woke up and decided to quit.  Tossed all the cigs and butts from various places around the house.  I had some Nicorette in the cupboard so I popped the gum, skipped the coffee and headed out the door. All day, I felt a bit like I had to tread lightly- like one misstep and I'd find myself at the corner store sucking cock for smokes....or paying $10 for them-whatever. I made it though and with relatively good cheer. 

Today...not so much. I'm doing it. I've been up for three hours and haven't smoked. I have my gum and fruit to nibble on...but I feel like I could kill someone with my ice cold stare. Everyone is annoying. Nobody gets it. And suddenly I am thinking of not smoking like a break up. Imagining a day at the beach suddenly doesn't feel right unless the cigarette is hanging out of my mouth (even though I rarely smoked at the beach-too hot). I'll never have sex again...because what's sex without the after sex smoke?  When I finish a big meal- I might as well fall asleep on the couch with all the fat, middle aged men because....what else am I going to do?  Coffee...not the same. Music was cooler when I had a smoke to puff on while listening.  Drinking after work? I should probably ease up on that anyway- but NOW it feels like I'm quitting two things and THAT was not what I signed up for.  I'm feeling like the noobs I work with...I'm just as straight edge as they are now. I felt like a bad ass sitting by my car on my cigarette break. No more of that... before I know it I'll be replacing coffee for smoothies, my dog for a cat and my writing for a quilting party....Meh.

Sucking in air is easier though...so there's that. And I probably smell better.. and my skin will probably feel less dry...

Any advice on how to make this suck less?