Waking up at 5:30 this morning was the last straw. I'm done.

Dear Reddit,

I'm doing it today.

I'm mostly a lurker on Reddit and I've spent little to no time on this subreddit, so I don't know any of you. But I'm telling you I'm doing it today, because I so badly want to believe I can this time.

I'm only 24, and I've quit smoking more times than that, I think. Sometimes I've had success for months, and then something always happens. You know how it is, I'm sure. One time I quit for two months and then my grandmother died. Another time I quit for three months and then one day it was raining. I know you know what I mean.

I said I was going to quit when I graduated. I started working in a kitchen. OK, maybe after this job.

I said I was going to quit when I moved to New York. They're so expensive here, I can't afford them. Turns out I'm bad at budgeting and just keep buying them.

I said I was going to quit when hacking up loogies became morning routine. Well, routines adapt and I worked it in.

You know what gets me today, Reddit? It's not the fact that I spent $13 for a pack of smokes yesterday even after walking to the store repeating to myself that I'm not going to buy smokes, just a... (If I could have finished that sentence, maybe I'd be less addicted.) It's not the fact that I continue to spend $5.50 a day on the subway instead of riding my bike, when I LOVE riding my bike, because my goddamn lungs are too sore. It's not the fact that I have loose teeth (really) at 24. And it's not even the fact that this addictive drug is eventually going to kill me.

You know what it is? It's because I woke up this morning, at 5:30, thinking about cigarettes and unable to fall back asleep. I don't have a meeting till 11 on Tuesdays. I usually get to my office at 10:30, which means leaving at 9:45, which means (for me) waking up at 8:30. I should have had three more hours of sleep.

And I'm NOT a fucking morning person.

FUCK YOU, CIGARETTES. I SHOULD BE ASLEEP RIGHT NOW AND I AM NOT AND IT IS YOUR FAULT. I AM FURIOUS. WE ARE BREAKING UP. I AM DONE.

Reddit, I know that my tone may sound like I'm not serious, but I'm so serious. I'm not here to ask for advice– I'm here to make it public, to give myself another reason to stick with it. OK, so I guess I am also here to ask for advice, not that there isn't plenty available in the threads below...

Wish me luck, Reddit. I feel surprisingly confident this time. Because if I haven't been motivated enough by wanting to improve my health, save money, smell better, etc., maybe this raw fury I am feeling at being woken up early will work. Maybe, hopefully. Anyway thanks for reading. I'll let you know when I hit milestones, I guess.
