Checking in at one year.

Hiya folks. I got an unexpected surprise yesterday. For months I have been anticipating my Nov. 5 quitaversary and recently I've been telling friends I'm seven days away, six days, five days from a year... Then I checked my Stop Smoking app and it turns out I flipped that 2 upside down in my head. It's been a year today! So here are a couple of reflections I want to share with y'all:

1. IT. DOES. GET. EASIER.
Before now I had quit for up to three months at a time and I had come to believe that it never actually gets easier, that you just get sort of used to it being hard. Of course you pass the initial 3-day hump (or whatever it is for you) and the severe anxiety/headaches/etc subside, and maybe the sleeping/pooping issues go away after a week or two, so it gets easier than at first. But you're just always going to have cravings, you're gonna hit some bottom of it just sucking a bit forever, and of always having to self-deny. This is not true. Everybody is different and has a different timeline, but it was around five or six months for me that someone offered me a smoke and I was like... Na, don't want it. Not because I was denying myself something I knew I wasn't supposed to have, but because I just plain didn't want it, on any level. That was a revelation for me. Now, months out of Nicotine's grips, it seems obvious, but I remember how foreign that concept seemed before. There will come a day when not smoking will be NATURAL for you -- very literally just as natural as breathing air. It will probably take longer the longer you smoked, but it will come. Just to clarify: this doesn't mean I never think (especially when drinking) "oh, those folks over there are smoking cigarettes, maybe I'll bum one." That thought does sometimes enter my mind. But a) it's not accompanied by any particularly strong desire or emotion and b) there's nowhere for it to go, because the next step would involve somebody giving me a cigarette, and then there would be nothing that I want to do with it. Does this happen to anyone else?

2. I SAVED A SHITLOAD OF MONEY.
Stop Smoking app tells me I saved $2191, to be precise. I just finished a 3-month-long, 12,000 mile road trip that cost me, all in all, about $4000, which I could definitely not have afforded had I been smoking.

3. IT FEELS LIKE A LONG TIME AGO.
Sometimes I even forget that I used to be a smoker, which sounds ridiculous, but it's true. A year ago I was smoking three packs a week and had been for three years with small breaks (smoked a pack or so a week for a few more years before that.) And when I did, it was a major part of my life -- I socialized around cigarettes, I planned travel stops around cigarettes, I took smoke breaks from work, I just was always fucking smoking. I don't do any of those things any more and I do not feel like anything is missing from my life.

4. MY CAR NO LONGER SMELLS.
But only because I paid like $150 for a deep cleaning. 100% worth it

5. SMOKING DOESN'T ACTUALLY LOOK COOL.

6. THIS SUBREDDIT REALLY, REALLY HELPED ME THROUGH THE FIRST COUPLE MONTHS,
and I still lurk from time to time. To all those just starting out, remember, it's validly hard, IT DOES GET EASIER and we are all rooting for you. Thanks so much to everyone who has helped me get this far.
