Noticing a few serious triggers after 70 days, but it's easy to not smoke when you don't have any smokes.

I can't believe I've made it 70 days. I really think being on this forum has helped me, especially back in the first two weeks. Thank you all so much!

My triggers and cravings declined a lot in intensity after the first two weeks and now I am proud to say that I sometimes go a whole day or even two (...two less often haha) without even thinking about smoking. But there are a few less frequent triggers that because they don't happen so often, I hadn't dealt with and re-conceptualized back then, that have almost made me cave... They are very specific but I share them to get them off my chest and to compare experiences.

1. Driving in New York City. I live in New York and do not have my car here (it is at my parents' house upstate), but about a month and a half after I quit I was using it to move some things down here from there. I never drove often in New York, only occasions like this when moving, but when I did I would throw moderation to the wind and just light stick after stick between the Tappan Zee and my house in Brooklyn. Before I lived here smoking and driving was common for me but not chain-smoking like that (I only smoked about half a pack a day and this matched that in an hour and a half) and driving the car upstate after quitting did not have the same effect on me. BUT: I considered stopping to buy a pack but remembered that a) I am a non-smoker and b) cigs are $14 here and c) that would involve PARKING in New York which is the only thing I hate more than driving here!!

2. The airport. This was a strange one. I don't fly that often– on average one roundtrip a year or so– and I didn't even realize how powerful the association was. But when I went to pick my sister up at the airport, I almost bummed a smoke from a guy standing on the curb, without even consciously deciding to. I had started to walk up to him and had to awkwardly walk past him while mumbling to myself.

3. Walking in cold weather. This one's not surprising, I think this is a trigger for a lot of people. It just hadn't come up yet because it's been so damn warm in the city. I was on a ski trip and had to walk back to the hotel in brutally cold air (0 F or so) and the urge to smoke was incredible. This last one is the source of the title of this post. If I had had cigarettes easily available I would have smoked them. But I didn't. So I couldn't. I don't know, it's the kind of thing that seems so obvious and yet somehow like a valid strategy. I guess all our strategies are sort of obvious to people who have never smoked, right? The goal is to continue to NOT go out and spend money on this very specific object that must be used in this very specific way. Seems easy. 

Anyway my next big milestone is in a month- 100 days. When I get to 100 days hopefully the beer I am brewing will be ready and I will be able to actually taste it without the smell of a cigarette on my tongue :D