Slipped up? Don't Lose Twice.

I didn't slip up... Yet. But it's early, and I know (from experience) it could happen. So let me share a story with you, that I hope helps you if you happen to buy a pack in a moment of intense craving...

When I was in college I was out drinking with some friends and we had had quite a few drinks. My tolerance was higher then, I think, or maybe I just liked to get drunker, but we were probably around drink 9... And we had just ordered a round of shots. Of tequila. 

When the tequila arrived I eyed it dizzily. "Ugh, really?" I said out loud. "OK, fine." I grabbed my shot but before I could down it my best friend made eye contact with me from across the table. "Do you want that?" he said. "Not really," I said, "but I already paid like $8 for it" (fucking New York bars!!) "so I guess I might as well..."

"Listen," he said, "*don't lose twice.*"

"What are you talking about?"

"Don't lose twice. You already lost once by ordering a drink you don't want and can't return. If you drink it and get sick, that doesn't get your money back, and you lose *again.* You don't get to win both times-- do you want to lose once, or twice?"

"Fuck off," I told him, and downed my tequila. 

You can guess what happened next. Naturally I almost immediately excused myself and defiled the bar bathroom. It was not fun by any means and I wish I had just not drank the tequila. 

Reddit, **the same thing applies to slip-ups**. Did you give in to a craving, buy a pack, smoke a couple? That money is *gone.* You are not getting it back. That doesn't mean you have to keep smoking the rest of the pack. DON'T LOSE TWICE-- you can stop before the pack is empty, and every cigarette left in there is one you didn't smoke, one closer to your goal. 

I have read that it is a good idea to have contingency plans to prevent relapses--this is part of mine. I thought I'd share it in case it is helpful to anyone else. Slip ups can happen and you can move on. Don't be 21-year-old me, embarrassing myself at the bar. Don't lose twice!

[edit] just a Capitalization typo that was bothering me, no content changed