From 3 and a half packs a day

I started quitting 8 months ago on a patch and a half of the 21mg plus the lozenges. When I first started I was so weak that i couldnt even get through a few days without a cigarette.

So I found a solution that fit me. I quit smoking at work. I craved like hell for a while and the second I got home I had a cigarette as soon as possible. Believe it or not, this got a lot easier.

When I felt ready, I moved the smoking time from 330pm to 530 pm. The craving resumed but I kept going. 

I cut back, strengthening myself slowly. I did slip at least 3 times but the very next day I kept on with the original plan.

Then I had to get off of the nicotine replacement. I got off the lozenges (7 of the 2 mg lozenges per day) all at one time. The craving came back seeking revenge. It sucked ass.

Then I cut back to 1.25 of the 21 mg patch. Not too bad. Then to 1 of the 21mg patch. I was feeling pretty confident.

Then, one day, after I had been on just 1 of the 21mg patch for 2 months without a cigarette I decided that I wasn't going to change my patch. I left the same patch on for 2 solid weeks straight. I can't believe it stayed on. The craving came back with revenge again. I had been pretty positive up until this point but I was flat out tired of withdrawl, being emotional and feeling like shit. i got really negative but I kept going.

It has been OVER A MONTH since I took off that patch.

I am a ridiculous fucking addict. I have absolutely no idea how I kept going this long. I have no idea how I got through some of those days and not totally failing. I have no idea how I endured hell of going through withdrawl and cravings over and over again.

But I do know this, it's a fucking gift. It is the most valuable gift I have, it might as well be plated in gold. Over a month, entirely NICOTINE FREE! For the first time since I started, I'm off the drug. It's possible.

I tell you all this so that you know, if you were the person that has tried a million times and a million ways to quit and you never could, you CAN. There IS a way. Keep trying, you WILL find a way. 