32 days-thoughts

32 days quit- cold turkey, no NRT.  Smoked a pack a day for almost 15 years and never even tried to stop. Told myself that I had to give quitting a real effort- if I failed, I could at least say I tried when nagged about my habit. I expected to fail. 
32 days later and for the first time I woke up and smoking wasn’t the first thing on my mind. 

Things that helped- 

1.. healthy Competition and social support. Husband quit at the same time, and I didn’t want to be one of those couples where one succeeded and the other didn’t. I told him I couldn’t quit unless he didn’t smoke around me, and he opted to quit too. I am so grateful, and if he wanted to start again I think I’m strong enough to maintain my quit anyway, but I think he is happy to have quit and hopefully stays quit for himself. Good friend also quit around the same time and it was nice to have people around who understood what I was going through. 
2. Promised myself I would complete the following list in order before giving into a craving:
        Drink a glass of water
        1 lap around the block 
        Take a shower 
        Chew a piece of nicotine gum 
        Buy and use an e-cig
I never made it past walk around the block- by the time I was done with that the craving had past. 
3. Ate a lot. Ive gained 6 lbs, but I joined Weight Watchers today and am hopeful I can at least stop gaining. A few extra pounds was worth it and snacks definitely helped me fight cravings 
4. Avoided things that would trigger me like drinking until I felt more confident. I was already so uncomfortable those first couple of weeks- why make it worse? 
5. Reminding myself that cravings make me stronger, and the only thing another cig will do for me is make me want another cig. 
6. Made a list of all the good things I had to gain from quitting and referred to it often.
7. Went easy on myself. During this process I’ve snapped at my husband unnecessarily several times, eaten too much unhealthy food, and abandoned chores for several days. But I quit, and that’s awesome. It’s okay to not be perfect while you quit, just don’t smoke. 
8. I tried to acknowledge but then purposefully ignore the ridiculous things my addict brain came up with- like “I’m going smoke anyway, might as well be now” or “if I’m going to feel miserable, what’s the point?” I was truly my own worst enemy. I don’t view cigarettes as evil- but that addicted part of me that tried to sabotage myself? Yeah- she’s the worst. 


I am so happy to say “I don’t smoke.” I never want to feel the extreme discomfort of needing a cigarette again. The first day without cigarettes I cried, and I continued to grieve for quite awhile. But I stuck it out and am really proud of myself. You deserve this feeling too. Good luck to all. 