That cigarette just now was so good

I posted recently about my plan to ween myself of smoking, I've been forcing myself to go at least 2 hours without one for a week now, but just now as I was smoking, I starting thinking about the problems I'm currently going through, and how in the grand scheme of things they really aren't all that significant. I was a moderate smoker for a long time and after my ex left me almost a year ago I started drinking and smoking a pack day. Alcohol and smoking was my way to forget not only her but anything else that caused me stressed/pain. When my 6-year-old niece passed away I remember I drank a handle of rum of smoked 2 packs in a single day, I couldn't go to her funeral because I'm in the military and by the time the paperwork was put through it had already passed. I started to feel the effects all the drinking and smoking was having on my body. I tried to run a mile and had difficulty finishing it, I could barely breathe and my body ached for days afterwards. It was a scary realization because when I graduated basic training 2 years ago I was running a 6 minute mile and finishing 5k's like they were nothing. It's not like I even consciously decided to quit drinking, I haven't gotten drunk in awhile. Last night I tried to drink with some friends and my whiskey tasted awful. I woke up this morning and had a smoke and it gave me a horrible headache. I'm done with this shit. I was wasted more than I was sober last time I visited my family for fuck's sake. I'm done with being depressed over women, over being lonely in general. I went out with an amazing friend last night. She doesn't smoke or drink and she is happy, so I know I can get past my problems without "assistance" too. I thought about all of this while killing myself, just sucking in the poison that I bought. I'm deleting my ex's number and I think I'll go to church tomorrow for the first time in a long time. Being on this sub has given me a pseudo-anonymous outlet and provided me with support from other people who know what I've been through. I'm grateful for that. I'm gonna keep this pack of smokes right here on my desk until next Saturday, then I'll throw it away for good.
Edit: Forgot a few words.