90 Days

For some reason it seems like people who have stayed quit tend to understate how life-changing it can be. At least that’s the impression I get. I don’t know why that is. But I’m going to be honest here about how insanely, profoundly amazing my quitting smoking experience has been.

It's not that the good outweighs the bad. It's that there have been no "bad" parts, no downside to making the decision to quit smoking. Not to say the first days of withdrawals were not difficult or uncomfortable, but I simply embraced the uncomfortable feeling and it was almost … fun. And the good parts have not just been superficial little perks, they have been numerous, profound and life changing.

My history with smoking cigarettes has been atypical. I never smoked as a teenager. My first cigarette was at age 24. I started smoking my final year in college, mostly because I had a girlfriend that smoked, and I was stressed out about my final obligations to get my degree. It just happened all of a sudden. And it’s kind of embarrassing because I don’t have the excuse that I was young and stupid and didn’t understand the risks involved.

Now I am 32. I smoked for 8 years. That’s the end of that chapter in my life.

Sure, I feel healthier, less stressed, less winded, all the obvious stuff that’s almost cliché at this point. But more importantly, quitting has finally allowed me to seriously tackle my other life goals. I don’t know why, but for some reason I could never accomplish these goals while I was a smoker. But now, I have begun exercising regularly, eating healthy, and consistently taking care of the mundane daily tasks that are prone to procrastination: laundry, cleaning the house, prepping food, paying bills. There is this strange sense of clarity about what I need to get done each day, and then I just get it done. 

This all may seem like exaggeration, but I truly believe this has all come from quitting: I got rid of the nicotine addiction, and for some reason the rest of my life sort of became more focused.
