I made it to one year

I tried to quit smoking many times. Then, the week after 4th of July one year ago, I tried again. And it worked.


It was pretty difficult, but I remember that I learned to sort of "embrace" the withdrawals and almost laugh about how weird it was. That lasted for a few days, then there were no more withdrawals. I was no longer physically addicted to nicotine, and I moved on to the much longer second phase of quitting smoking, which is the mental part. Not allowing your addict mind to convince you to "just have one smoke." And I accomplished that with one specific mantra: "it will not make you feel better." I just repeated that phrase to myself whenever I thought about smoking. Because it's true, when you think about it. Especially once you've gone a couple days and you are no longer physically addicted, smoking a cigarette does not make you feel good, it makes you feel dizzy and sick, in my experience. "it won't make you feel better."


After about 3 months, I really didn't think about it anymore. Even now, I might think about smoking MAYBE once every couple of weeks, and it's not really a craving, just a quick, passing thought that I shut down by telling myself "it won't make you feel better."


So, here is my advice to everyone here about to start an attempt to quit. You don't need to use the same mantra that I did. All you need to do is keep trying a different mantra to repeat to yourself about why you are quitting. Just keep trying different ones out. An every time you get a craving, repeat the mantra to yourself. It should be something you've really thought about a lot, so that your addict mind can't come up with some twisted logic about why it's not technically true.


Also, nicotine replacement will do nothing for you. It has to be cold turkey. This idea that "everybody quits their own way" is completely untrue. Everybody does NOT quit their own way. Everybody quits the EXACT SAME WAY, by not putting nicotine into your body until you are no longer physically addicted. It's true that some people unnecessarily prolong this experience by continuing to put nicotine into their body in a different form, but ultimately they still quit cold turkey at the end because they have to stop putting nicotine into their body until they are no longer physically addicted. You literally have two options:


1) stop putting nicotine into your body today, and it will take a few days to leave your system so you body can start adjusting.


2) continue to put nicotine into your body for a couple months using a patch or gum, then stop putting nicotine into your body two months from now, and it will take a few days to leave your system so you body can start adjusting.


The withdrawal symptoms will be the same regardless of which method you choose, the only difference is that the withdrawal symptoms will happen either now or two months from now. You cannot "wean" yourself off of nicotine. That's not how it works.


