Three week self-congratulatory post

Three weeks feels like a real milestone to me. One or two weeks is great, but it still doesn't feel like a "long term" quit for some reason. But three weeks feels like I am actually a real non-smoker.

I started smoking at 24. I am about to turn 32. That means I have been smoking about 1/4 to 1/2 a pack a day consistently for 8 years! And I have never once in those 8 years seriously attempted to quit. Never went more than 24 hours without a cigarette in 8 years. Sometimes I think I really wasted all of my 20's being tired and unhealthy. But the only thing I can do is move forward (those last 8 years of smoking are a sunk cost that I can do nothing about).

Since the second day after quitting, I have felt great. I used to run consistently before I started smoking. I still would try to get back into running while I was also smoking, but it would never last more than a couple of months, because I couldn't increase my endurance. And as soon as I would finish every run, I would smoke right away. I have went for a run almost every day since I quit and it has probably been the single most helpful thing to take my mind off of cravings. I constantly tell myself whenever I get a craving "this won't make you feel better, and it will derail your running". That's enough for the craving to bounce.

I swear, when I go for a walk after dinner now, the world just seems sharper and better in-focus. I can smell trees and leaves and dirt that bring me back to my childhood, because I haven't noticed those smells in years.

How lucky would I be if I were able to actually quit forever the VERY FIRST TIME I seriously tried? I feel like I owe it to all of the people that go through countless attempts to quit -- I better damn well take advantage of this three week quit and realize how lucky I am that I was able to make it this far on my first shot. 

Cold turkey. That's the only way. Even if you use NRT, vaping, cutting back, whatever -- you are STILL going cold turkey at some point! Just go through the withdrawals for a few days and get it over with.