I had a dream.

This post might end up long, because the dream itself was lengthier than any dreams I've had since i was a kid. And it may or may not be relevant to addiction directly. So I guess this is a forewarning to save it til you have time to read it, pass it up, or whatever else you decide.

The start of my dream was going down the road with a few people in a car. I noted nothing of particular other than 2 of the guys in the front seat carrying on about this or that, and that we were traveling down a freeway at night. Suddenly the sky lit up over the major part of the city with a huge rainbow in the dark. One guy goes OOO A DOUBLE RAINBOW. funny, but that was in my dream. 

So we are looking at this rainbow when the 2 that was carrying on are now basically out of control kind of carrying on, like drunks. and it was soon realized that they were no longer paying attention to the road and was headed toward a fence or barrier dividing an off-ramp from the freeway. Someone grabbed the wheel in order to save us but we crashed unscathed except for the 2  that were carrying on. 

We started walking down the off-ramp when a ton of people started running past us screaming "THEIR COMING!" I replied with "Who? Who's coming?" with their response being "THE CRACK HEADS!" But I wasn't thinking this in a literal sense, at least in my dream, I was guessing whatever that rainbow was, effected a bunch of people making them some sort of zombies. While thinking this we were still not motivated to turn around until we noted some other people rather out of their senses. on the way back we passed a drunk complaining about his girlfriend to himself, and not really paying attention to us. He was wearing a nice suit and I guess had a martini or some other drink in his hand. For some reason the off-ramp entrance now seemed quite steep and had a ledge you had to climb up on as we got up, we could see that the drunk guy had followed but stopped and used that ledge as you would in a bar. 

We decided to follow these other people that was running away down the freeway, and it became evident that the city was in chaos, though I couldn't have stated how we knew this. We decided it was time to take a bit more caution and near the freeway there was a sidewalk enclosed by walls. Suddenly a group of people came out of nowhere and started to attack us only to realize we were "normal". They stated they were sorry and thought it best to attack before being attacked by the zombies  and it was decided that we should team up and prepare in a warehouse down the street. Asking them what happened they said that the rainbow had effected half of the population and made them zombies. But they were all drug users. That's when I thought about those 2 in our car. "Hey, they were drinking!" 

So we was preparing for trouble to come our way. I think it was concluded that we should test our theory about drugs and see if the effects still happen by someone slowly drinking alcohol. While debating this idea it was realized that some of our own people were turning against us aggressively for some reason and we needed to separate and find a way to regroup. They were smokers. 

Around this point I woke up and just laid there thinking because my dream made sense in a weird way. What if the zombies really exist but instead of running from them, they are ignored since they are too into their own world to care, unless they can't get what they want. What if the zombies are actually addicts...

I hope you enjoyed this freakish dream world of mine and hope it was relevant to the sub, even minimally.