300 days.

 When i was still a teen I actually gave up cigarettes for 2 days straight,.I considered it a test to see if I was addicted. I "proved to myself" that I was not addicted, that it was just a habit. Little did I know, I would continue to smoke for more than 25 years with little effort to quit. Oh, i made a couple attempts that lasted perhaps a few hours. I think i may even have thrown a few packs in the trash. 

Throughout those years it became obvious to me that I was unable to quit, and had many excuses built up to continue smoking. The last few years I smoked I was starting to realize that there were many smells I remember from my youth that seemed to have vanished. Stuff like grass, rain , dew, dirt. Just subtle things. Some of them I just shrugged thinking they were just things from another time and place and others just seemed to continue nagging at me.   It was also quite obvious that my coughing was starting to become a daily thing. I felt like I was on a ball and chain, and couldn't understand why.

I know people here sometimes like to argue about methods, and some hate mention of Allen Carr's method and disregard it as cult following or that it's supposed to be some type of magic pill. Allow me to first tell you that I've tried many of those other methods unsuccessfully. And I think I now understand why. It's because I never changed my thinking. In fact I was still seeing cigarettes as a habit rather than what it really is. An Addiction - despite whether or not I already knew it. Allen has only given us the tools to use. It's still up to you to sow the seeds and water them.

I came here today with the expression of making it 300 days. But I'll be truthful. Although I'm proud of myself, it's not all that exciting even to myself. "The struggle" itself is all but gone. And yes I am happy to have rid of those nasty repulsive things.  Instead I'm here for you all. hopefully to help you in your own fights where and when I can.

 http://i.imgur.com/vjTlwnD.gif

Edit: just a small note that I could have added so much more to this post but didnt want to strand you with a wall of text. 