227 days and how I feel.

Unfortunately, I lost my original account to the nether regions of shadow ban, so don't have a badge. 

But anyway I just wanted to share how I've been doing. It's been quite interesting. I usually don't think about smoking too often any more. other than the fact that there are people around me that continue to light up. On those times, it doesn't exactly smell bad, but it's definitely strong and not exactly good to smell either. 

I still find aromas I've not smelled in years. Just this month i noticed a jasmine type of flower from my daily walks which smells quite wonderful. 

I now jog between 3-4 miles - 5 days a week, and feeling good about it. 

There are stranger occurrences though that I still deal with. 
One is I sometimes catch myself saying  "i sure could use a smoke" only to think, wtf. i don't smoke no more. Often I find that it's a signal that i'm hungry or thirsty, just want a snack or need a breather from whatever mundane thing im doing.

Once in a great while i'll have a dream about smoking and even be upset that I gave in. Sometimes that dream would seem to last a few minutes. 

Another thing I've noticed is how easy it is to stick to a sleeping pattern. And on days i've stayed up late I find it surprised that I still get up on time, but only feel groggy for perhaps the first 1 or 2 minutes. before being fully awake - without the coffee.

My mother attempted to quit recently but seemed unsuccessful so I gave her that Allen Carr's book Which for whatever reason she failed to even read it in it's entirely, and wondered why she wasnt able to quit.  But I could only lead her so far. 

I still seem to be coughing stuff up though nothing compared to what I used to as a smoker. it seems to mainly be a morning thing as well as a stuffy nose that wont go away. But it's not bothersome either.  But what can I expect after 25 years. 

I'd like to tell everyone that "If I can do it" blabber but that doesn't  quite give the motivation you need to do it for yourself. I consider myself no one special and I was able to accomplish it. You can too. It's that simple. But only if you are ready. and only if you can get the lies out of your head.