A sense of contentment and belonging.

A year and a half ago, I used to smoke cigarettes. I smoked for 25 years or more. That's a long time. In fact, it's longer than some of you have been alive. And for whatever reason, I've been fortunate not to have had cancer. Though that could still be around some deep corner of my life.

I understand that most that read this here are probably still 'going through the struggle'. I know this because I was there. And I now understand that after those initial steps, it wasn't much of a struggle after all. Perhaps even 'too easy'. But once you have dealt with the majority of the mind traps things start looking better.

Lately I've been going through a sense of contentment, and feeling as though I belong where I am, even if there are things in my life that are obviously in need of correction. I do believe that a major part of this feeling has came from not smoking. But also because of my newly acquired activities. Being able to smell all the wonderful things in the world is sometimes amazing. The smell of fresh grass. food being cooked, spices, flowers, jasmine!, laundry, Even fresh air can be exhilarating. Today I actually smelled a pine tree. Every morning I love walking my dog around the block now, if only for those smells. But I also took up running. Running was always one of those activities that, from a distance, seemed to be nothing but a headache inducing, breathless activity. But now I love it. And people in the activity kind of acknowledge each other. Last week, someone I've never seen or  noticed was running down the road on the other side of a major road while I was walking my dog. They waved at me in recognition. 

But I think there's something more. Something I wasn't thinking about. And I finally figured out. I've been so much less stressed. It's something you hear about when trying to quit, but to feel it is something else all together. No longer am I worried if I have cigarettes . No longer do I worry about when I can have one. No longer do I care if others smoke. There used to be a sense of edginess throughout those years, whether I smoked or not. That too, have depleted considerably.

But maybe I've just been breathing too much jasmine or grass lately.... Yeah. That could be it. I think I'll go out and breath some more. 