Accidentally quit, going surprisingly well. But haven't been around smokers yet and need survival tips.

I resolved to quit for New Year's, postponed a day, then another, then another... then I came down with a sinus infection and lost all desire to smoke. I'm still recovering from the illness, but it's been 6 days since my last smoke and I feel surprisingly good. There are cravings - like, my mouth waters when I think about smoking - but it's not too tough to brush them off with a piece of gum, a glass of water, and a distraction.

But I can't shake this feeling that I'm just waiting for the other shoe to drop. The last few times I tried to quit, I was outrageously mean to my friends - so much so that when I told them I was quitting for real this time, they actually requested that I keep my distance for the first seven days. 

But I haven't felt the fury of nicotine withdrawl yet - did I go through all that when I was horribly ill? Or is it going to return later? I'm almost unnerved by how calm I feel.

Also, I'm going to a birthday party for a friend this weekend, and she & pretty much all the other guests smoke like chimneys. I've already resolved that I'm not going to go outside with them when they take cigarette breaks, lest I go insane and/or break down. I was considering purchasing one of the disposable e-cigs from the gas station, but I think I'd rather just quit nicotine altogether, for my blood pressure's sake. So yeah, any tips for quelling the cravings and distracting myself when everyone else is outside smoking?

ps. my blood pressure is already going back to normal! I have a genetic predisposition for hypertension & heart disease, and have been pre-hypertensive for the past 3 years (I'm 24, so that's pretty bad). But when I was at the doc for my sinuses a few days ago, my BP had already dropped to an elevated, but normal, level! It could've been the illness, but I'm going to credit the quitting as a further motivator. Who's got 2 thumbs and isn't going to have a heart attack at 27? THIS GAL!