So many questions: Cold turkey, cut downs, and coping. 

Hey quitters!

After 6 months on reddit (okay years, but 6 months with an account) I'm de-lurking to post in this lovely /r/. I've been a smoker for 5 years, which feels awful to say, but I'm now in my mid-twenties and realize that it's stupid and unhealthy, not to mention that it has the potential to kill me even faster because of the way it's known to interact with my medication. 

I recently decided to quit and for the first time feel like I have the right attitude mentally to follow through. Previous attempts were halfhearted, but I now have a lot more reasons to stop and a stronger desire to stop feeling like shit all the time thanks to a pack-a-day habit.

So, here's the issue. I could not commit to cold turkey, and I found ecigs to be unhelpful and gross, so I decided to gradually cut down the number that I smoke each day until eventually I'm clean. I planned on starting at half a pack a day, but a recent respiratory infection turned very nasty and painful thanks to my habit, so I cut to 5. 

I've been smoking 5 cigs a day for close to a week and to put it bluntly, I'm going out of my fucking mind. It was easy enough to start breaking from some of my more "routine"-motivated cigs (e.g. I started smoking 1 cig on the way to work instead of the usual 3), but it's the stress release ones that I can't kick. I'm a working grad student with some crazy family issues and a new relationship, and I find myself sneaking out of my apartment at night for extras because I can't cope without the ritual of smoking. 

So my questions for those of you on the other side are:

1. Is my gradual cut-down a good method, or am I just making it harder on myself/prolonging the pain? Is cold turkey the only way?

2. For those of you who were stress smokers, what did you replace cigarettes with? I'm terrified that I'm going to end up stuffing my face with food because I can't smoke. 

3. How do I cope with being a huge bitch when my cravings get bad? I told my boyfriend to expect some moodiness and he's been insanely supportive, but I'd still like to not want to strangle everyone when I've gone too many hours without. 

Thank you thank you!