It's been almost a month, guys. That's rad.

Hey, /r/stopsmoking. I’ve been lurking for a month and haven’t posted before because self-sabotage is the monster in my closet, but I just realized how long it’s been. Fuck yeah. 

So I’m here to say hooray, and thanks, and share some nonsense about my journey. 

I’ve been smoking for about 5 years. I’ve never quit for longer than two weeks; I’ve wanted to for a long time, but that’s the fun thing with nicotine, right? About a month ago I came down with a fever and went two days without smoking. That went okay. So I went for it. 

Most of my friends smoke. My roommates smoke. My boyfriend smokes. I drink in bars that let you smoke. We smoke in my house. I felt guilty about asking my boyfriend not to smoke in my bedroom, for shit’s sake. I’ve built my life to let me get away with this shit. (This is the part where the cheesy inspirational music comes in strong, guys. And I stare intently into the camera. Because you can totally do this too.)

Gag. 

Noteworthy: In the first week I had bizarre mood sings, from angsty, snappy bitch to literally *skipping* and *totally stoked* over nothing. At about a week and a half I had four days of constant headaches – not very bad, but always there. At about two weeks in, there were a few mornings where I woke up hours before I needed to, and I would just lay awake for those hours *feigning* desperately for a cigarette and unable to fall back asleep. At 26 days, I still don't think my poop schedule is quite normalized. 

I’ve been twitchy. I’ve been weird. I’ve been whiny and obnoxious. I’ve eaten my weight in sunflower seeds and nibbled on dozens of toothpicks. So what? It’s getting better, and I’m getting better, and all this bullshit is totally worth it. 

Sometimes when I’m drunk, I still think I can smoke just one cigarette. Or like, just one drag. Juuuust ooone. But that’s a damn lie, and I have to remember that. 
 
**TLDR: Twenty-something female rants and overshares about personal experience with quitting smoking so far. Thanks!**
