Smoke free for 2 weeks, I go crazy when people smoke around me

Hello everyone, so after about a year and a half of smoking, I quit on the 25th of June after realizing that smoking made me feel a lot more stressed, anxious and depressed than normal. It certainly wasn't my first attempt but it has been my longest run so far and I'm not having any difficulties at all. I went out drinking 3 times since I quit and I didn't smoke and I had no cravings in the past 3 days.

**Here's the only problem:** I live with my girlfriend and she's a chain smoker. She wouldn't even consider quitting with me. I'm exposed to smoke all day and whenever I breathe even the slightest of it I get furious. I seriously lose control. I got mad at pointless things, start to feel hopeless about the future, want to hurt myself. My heart keeps beating, I feel like my eyes are going to pop out. And I can't recover from it unless I sleep. I've told this to her and she's been careful about not smoking indoors ever since but this also happens whenever I sit at a coffee and the guy next to me starts smoking.

It's such a weird feeling, it's not like I want to smoke. I just don't want that person to smoke near me. I thought a lot about why this could be happening to me and this is the only explanation I've come up with:

I've lived the worst days of my life when I was smoking. At my university I got bullied, I got left out, I got beaten up for no reason. I failed my classes. A ringing noise started in my ears, my mild anxiety disorder that I was diagnosed with in high school got out of control and I couldn't even leave home/bed, all of my "friends" abandoned me because I was a miserable being with problems, I couldn't afford anything etc...

I got over some of these stuff but I think the cigarette smoke reminds me of the worst days of my life and I don't know how to keep up with this feeling for the rest of my life, I need help. Thanks!

Edit: requested a new badge, it's been a long time since I've been around here.