Hit a New Low Today, Reddit

Let me preface this by saying that I have tried quitting cold turkey a number of times over the past year; although never quite hitting the mark, and relapsing back in to my normal smoking routine each time. 
I’ve posted a few times to this board asking for advice, and some of you have been kind enough to offer a word or two of support and counsel. But pathetically, as I just mentioned, the Junkie side of me just keeps winning me over. 
I had been planning on giving it another go again (this time with the aid of the patch) and had decided my quit date would be on February 1st, which is tomorrow. Last night as I smoked my pathetic before bedtime cigarette I told myself that I can do this - I've got one more pack in my coat pocket and then it's time to try my hand at quitting again. I’ll buy a fresh box of patches and start quitting damn it!  

Today is January 31st, the day before my quit date, and I have less than a pack left to go when I wake up. 6:30 am, my alarm goes off and I hit the snooze twice before peeling myself out of bed. Like a zombie, I go through the morning routine: take a piss, throw on some clothes, grab my lunch, warm up the car, and brush the snow off of my windshield. 
Aside from feeling exceptionally groggy, this day is starting off like any other. But I am sleepy, and I haven’t even had a drop of caffeine yet. Thank Gods for that Red Bull that I have laying in wait beside me! I reach over to my right and fumble for the open can, grab it, and take a swig. Not 0.5 seconds later I realize my horrible, horrible mistake – I had taken a drink from the ashcan! Oh the horror! A disgusting mix of the leftovers of my two most disgusting vices: ash and flat Red Bull on my taste buds. Dear JESUS! I start to manually roll down my window enough to stick my head out and spit the vile concoction out of my mouth when I feel the inevitable gag reflex coming on – so instead I turn my head to the right towards the passenger side floor and spit it out, almost vomiting in the process. Scraping my tongue with my teeth, I try to get the rest of the taste out of my mouth as much as possible, finish rolling down the window, and spit out what I can. 
I had never been fortunate enough to have the experience of drunkenly drinking from the ash bottle of beer at a party, but now I have been officially been initiated in to the Club! Right before my quit date, no less. Man, I don’t believe in God or anything, but if there was one I bet he/she/it/whatever is one helluva prankster. 
Well, I can’t think of a better motivation, kick in the ass, party favor on my last day of smoking (*crosses fingers*). My fellow Redditors – I welcome your stories, anecdotes, shaken fingers, and…hugs?!

EDIT: TLDR - Ashcan! Good Jesus!