150 days, 2500 cigarettes, £600 and lots of free time later. How I quit..

1. Smoking a weak brand I hated so that cigarettes weren't even slightly enjoyable.
2. Smoking so many cigarettes I would feel ill and associating smoking with the illness feeling over several weeks.
3. Having a list that went up in increments of 2 days with the money I was saving. I used a highlighter to build a yellow bar leading up to a 'full bar' at 30 days. It was satisfying seeing the bar grow. My original goal was 2 weeks but after completing it I realized I could do 2 weeks so why not another 2 more? I used the money I would have spent on cigarettes to buy posh food like salmon, lobsters and champagne.  
4. Chewing on hemp seeds everytime I had a craving. Cravings last for 5-10 minutes, i soon learnt that if i did something else i would easily forget i wanted a cigarette. The hard part was to persistently remind myself of this.
5. Having no temptation to smoke. Making sure i didn't have any cigarettes and avoiding seeing anyone else smoke.
6. Refusing to go to the shop for cigarettes no matter what for 2 weeks. If I didn't have them i couldn't smoke them right?
7. No more bad breath, so much free time, so much spare money, tastebuds, energy, no depression, no brain fog, good skin and a generaly feeling fantastic.
8. Actually wanting to quit. I'd tried before on a whim and then quit on a whim. It took me months of building up to quiting. Everytime i smoked i reminded myself how much i actually hated cigarettes so when i was craving i could remember it's just the stupid nicotine playing tricks like a greek siren at sea.  
9. The odd joint helped initially. I missed the smoking sensation as well as a cigarette. I only used this as an aid in the a couple of times in the first week. Obviously it contains no nicotine so didn't hinder my progress.

I never believed i could quit smoking. It was easier than i imagined. The first week or two were quite difficult but it requires persistent more than power. Nowadays I can't believe how much nicotine changes your mindset. The endless excuses i made for not quitting. Cigarettes don't relieve boredom, stress, depression. They make EVERYTHING worse. Especially your wallet. It feels unbelievably good to be free of nicotine. I'll never smoke again. 