Looking for advice

Hi all. Ive never posted here before, but Id like to share a bit about my experience with smoking as I would like to quit soon, or at least cut back. Im just looking for any advice really, and Im sure some of you can relate to my reasons for smoking. 

I had my first cigarette when I was twelve.  I hung out with older kids so I would steal my dads cigarettes and smoke to feel like I fit in. I didn't really inhale them much or anything, it was really just about feeling cool. That phase didn't last long but when I was 15 I began to smoke again. I remember before a house party I was feeling really anxious, and I remembered that cigarettes give you a calming headrest. So I asked my friend for a couple of smokes, and I had them before I went. It completely calmed my nerves, and this quickly became my favourite coping mechanism for my at the time undiagnosed depression and anxiety issues. 

Eventually I started to dabble with drugs, and by 16 years old I was dependant on coke and speed to get me through the days. I started smoking a lot heavier during this period because it just felt so good with stimulants. At this point in my life I was trying to avoid dealing with my depression and pretty messed up childhood, and I was so irrational that I really believed drugs were an okay way to cope. I was surrounded by addicts so it didn't feel that weird or out of place. 

After about 8 months of this lifestyle of heavily abusing drugs and smoking 20 cigarettes a day (roughly), I started to feel really strange (what I now know recognize was severe anxiety). I then had my first panic attack, and after a few more I cold turkey quit all the drugs I was using... except cigarettes. 

I quickly developed panic disorder with agoraphobia, which if you don't know is an anxiety disorder characterized by recurring panic attacks and severe anxiety about having panic attacks (a fear of fear), and then avoiding places where it would be difficult or embarrassing to leave if you were to have a panic attack. This led to me being almost completely homebound at one point. I couldn't be in a car, bus, go shopping, anything really. I would go to my high school right next to my house but would often miss class. 

Im 19 now, and I still struggle with my mental health a lot. Although I can do a lot more now (im a university student. i have a part time job, a decent social life etc.), I still struggle with depression and severe anxiety everyday. Cigarettes have become very heavily engrained in my coping with these issues. I smoke 25-30 a day now, and although it helps in the short term I can tell that they are actually worsening my mental health a lot. 

I've put so much work into getting to the place I am right now. I went from barely being able to even go on a walk around the neighbourhood to living a pretty full life despite my mental health issues. I haven't used hard drugs since I quit. I feel like I've grown up so much and actually have learned to at least partially deal with my issues without using maladaptive coping mechanisms. In the spirit of my constant effort towards recovery however, I need to quit smoking. I can't keep treating my body like shit and expecting myself to really be a mentally well person. 

Cigarettes however stuck through it all with me. No matter what I was going through I always had my smokes to keep me going. But I think im ready to let go off it. Its been a little over 4 years, and I feel like its time for me to quit and continue bettering myself. 

Thanks for reading, sorry for how lengthy this was. If anyone has any advice or can even just relate Id appreciate it a lot. Thanks in advance!