Confession 125 Days

I have committed a sin - but it is OK.

The thing is, I thought, I had over 100 Days and New Years Eve would come. I had a stressfull and painfull year, girlfriend left me alone with all her belongings and run off back to her country after 3 years living together, 40hr week work + university final year studies. I had to move out of a nice flat in a nice environment into a 8sqm room in da hood if you know what I mean, where I was not welcome as a white person until I invited my friends from Kongo and Nigeria and walked through the neighbourhood to show off that I am not different than anybody else just a human being. Nicely since then I am greeted by my neighbours and small talks occur. So I went to Harrods (I live in London, UK, Europe) and bought some treats for new years eve. 4 Habana Cigars for roughly 120GBP (about 200 USD) to share with my friends. Then I come to germany (my origin) and I meet a woman I have not seen for so long, she had everything I needed and wanted and the best thing, she hates smokers and smoke :) The harmony between us just worked out immediately and I assume that we are kind of dating. As I celebrated new years eve with her, I was not able to puff with my friends a nice cigar. So, yesterday I had some blokes over at mine and we played some cards and it happened. I smoked 3 cigars and - here the bad thing - I rolled three cigarettes of my friends tabacoo. 

Now. Failure is ok. The difference between winners and losers is that winners have lost more often. But to become better at something failing is not enough. You need to learn from it, therefore you need to reflect on the situation and think about the cause and how to prevent it. Just then you can improve.

So thinking about it: Why did I do it? BEcause I was not able to give it to anybody, nobody wanted to have my cigars, I would have given them out for free. So Wasting 120GBP sounds a bit mental. So I figured, since I am just puffing as I dont want to have the shitter, it should be fine.
Solution for this problem: Do not buy cigars that are special. 

The other problem is that I rolled 3 cigarettes. I must admit, that it hurt when I smoked them and that I coughed apeshit from this poison. I did not enjoy it at all. Mostly I puffed them just like the cigars. It was an interesting feeling to have a cigarette between the fingers again. Was it worth smoking and risking the 125Days badge? Yes. It just showed me, that I am a non smoker. I cannot smoke anymore. I dont like it and it will not happen again. It disgusts me. 

Solution: Think twice and put the outcome of the expected outcome into perspective and relevance to experience you want to gain. 

Well, now I just need to find out how to reset the badge.

All the best guys, 
Quitting is not a problem. 