40 days clean. Celebrated with a few beers. I live with an inside smoker. 15 years I smoked.

Today is the first day that I feel like a non smoker. 

Every year I get invited to a great Halloween party by a friend of mine and this year I had to turn it down because I knew that I wouldn't be able to handle the alcohol and atmosphere. He quit smoking several years ago and was very understanding.  


Today I felt confident enough to have a few beers. I decided to do something productive during the process. I cleaned my kitchen top to bottom. Started at 5pm and finished at midnight after working a full shift.

I got weak when my girlfriend went to bed. She smokes near me in the house. When she ran upstairs i saw my chance. I yelled to her "I'm going to have a smoke".  She yelled back " That's gross ".   She was right. I picked up one of her butts as she never finishes one and the nicotine hit my nose and all of the negatives hit me.  I put it back in her ashtray. I say her ashtray because it is important to disassociate.


I went through a difficult quit. I decided on a whim half way through a pack that I was finished.  The first 2 weeks I ate... and ate... and posted... and ate some more. I walked to the grocery store 3km away every single night. I was irritable. I offended people at work. I nearly destroyed a 7 year relationship. 

Shortly after that I became depressed. Really depressed.  That took an entire month to break out of.  I'm optimistic but not sure I'm finished with that. 

I have tried, Losanges, gum, e-cigarettes, champix. I didnt' use Allen Carr and his weird cult. I simply am better than that. This realization didn't come easily. Cold turkey, will power and taking a deep look into yourself. You know what needs to be done. You just have to do it.


The most interesting part of all this to me was that I always told myself that once I was unemployed or had significant time off work that I would quit.  Well I just turned 30 and after working a contract this summer my old job cut my hours significantly since I wasn't around to protest. Sure enough I used that opportunity to quit smoking and I fuckin did it.  This has caused me to look at other parts of my life with a higher degree of confidence.  Things like.  " I would go back to school if I could just get a place to study".


Well I'm renovating my place to make that happen now.  Shuffling family around and finally getting on with it.  Obviously there is a lot more explanation to all of this than I can write here.  This subreddit was really helpful though. Thanks to the posters. Thanks for stepping outside your box. I read every single post here posted over the last 40 days and will continue for now.



TLDR: Fuck da police and fuck smoking.