This time I MUST succeed! but I need tips on how to!

Hey guys. I am 30/F. I started smoking at about 11years old. That's WAY too many years as a heavy smoker. I don't drink-I guess I'll have that in my favor when trying to quit- and cigarettes have been my trusted crutch for as long as I can remember. 

A dear friend---who is 56 and full of wisdom---got to me last night. I was talking about getting myself more organized in life, so I can be a better person, and be more dependable as a friend, daughter, girlfriend. He said "well then quit smoking. If you cant do that, then the rest is bullshit." 

The addict in my hated him (for being right, as usual.) We discussed what it all mean further, and it really is true. How can I say that I give a shit about anything, or really anyone if I continue to smoke. 

I want to be a better daughter...by making my parents watch me get sick and die of cancer?

I want to be a better friend... by forcing them to watch me deteriorate? 

I want to be more dependable... by being distracted and unavailable because I am loyal to my addicting above more important things?

I want to be healthy... HAHA, this doesn't even need a counter-sentence.

I want to have a good relationship with my boyfriend's daughter... by teaching her to smoke? (Letting her watch me smoke)

It is all bullshit unless I can really take control and QUIT! I just feel so powerless when it comes to cigarettes. I am at t he point in my life where I am actually terrified of what it is doing to me. I NEED to stop.. I tried e-cigs, they just become pacifiers and it's pointless. Besides, who even knows what's in them.

I think "cold-turkey" is my best bet. There is no in between for me. I either smoke or I don't. I quit last year for a few weeks, but obth my boyfriend and I were trying to quit at the same time; neither of us succeeded. I was kind of OK after the initial day or so, but I would sneak about one cigarette a day, which is honestly a tremendous improvement for me, but ultimately I think that was just a lack of commitment that bit me in the ass. 

So, anyways. I am back here on this sub, hoping to make some connections and gain some wisdom and / or support. I know I can do it, I just need the skills to find out how. 

Thanks guys!