Chantix has been a lifesaver: day 13 and really happy! (long post)

I've been smoking occasionally since I was 16 and have been a pretty full fledged smoker from 18 until 13 days ago. I'm 34 now.

I'd toyed with the idea of quitting a couple of times but I always used excuses or knew I'd only cut back or replace the cigarettes with vaping or something. A few months ago I knew I was going to want to quit this year- it bothered me tremendously that I have reached the point in my life where I've been a smoker longer than a nonsmoker. I'm also the type of person who hears "oh, you don't look like a smoker" pretty often which is a little annoying but I get it. I'm a pretty clean cut, professional woman with stepchildren and a VW wagon...I probably don't fit the stereotype of what people think smokers look like.

My husband and I really would like to have a child naturally or adopt if necessary and I did not want to have to struggle to quit if I were to get pregnant. I think I would truly hate myself if I had trouble quitting and ended up smoking while I was pregnant. That crosses a line for me personally. I talked to my doctor earlier in the year and she went ahead and prescribed Chantix. She strongly urged me quitting because I have high blood pressure and need to lose weight so eventually something had to give. The Chantix sat unopened in my medicine cabinet for 3 or 4 months.

I got a new paralegal job in early June and the law firm only had a handful of smokers and they hid it. The owner of the firm is notorious for absolutely hating smoking. When I started, I definitely cut back smoking to only having a couple during my workday. I was still smoking more in the mornings and evenings and on the weekends. I decided I'd start Chantix but I was still going to smoke during the period I was allowed to. I ended up having some days where I cut back to only smoking 5...then 4...then 3... I had planned to choose a quit date in mid to late July but on July 4, I smoked 3 cigarettes before lunchtime and just didn't smoke again. I told myself that if I really was ok with only a handful of cigarettes a day, then I could do without them totally. On July 5 I downloaded an app and put July 4 at 11:45 a.m. as my quit date.

The first few days were tough. No doubt about it. The habits I've made over the years will take some time to break. Just within the past couple of days have I not wanted to automatically walk outside to smoke when I first wake up. Leaving work seems to be the time I feel the cravings the most but I'm able to resist. The cravings have been manageable. I read so many horror stories about Chantix but it has been fantastic for me. No crazy dreams; no homicidal thoughts (at least no new ones). I do find that I **have** to eat within a couple of minutes when I take my morning pill because if I don't, I will end up with nausea. I don't have the same issue with the night dose.

I bought nicotine gum and patches to use in conjunction with Chantix and I haven't touched them. I made the decision to just starve the nicotine addiction once I saw that Chantix was really making it tolerable to not smoke.

I hope it continues to just get a tiny bit easier every day like it has been... I really was inspired and motivated by a lot of posts here so thank you to those who do share their struggles and successes! Good luck to you all! ~allison