A Eulogy To My Nicotine Addiction (NSFW language)

I'm happily smoking my last cigarette ever. Not happy that I'm smoking it (I've become acutely aware how awful it is because I'm smoking this one slowly, tasting it, feeling it in my lungs, and choking and gagging with every puff), but I'm fucking excited that these little bastards are now an ex. As such, here is my eulogy to the worst relationship I've ever had: my relationship with nicotine addiction.

We had an 11 year relationship, and she was a controlling bitch. She insisted that she be the only thing that I cared about, and made me afraid to leave her. 

"You're nothing without me. You have no idea what to do with yourself unless you keep me around. Without me, you'll never be happy again!" 

The thing is, the fear is ridiculous and her threats are hollow. I gave her over $20,000 over the last 11 years, and all she gave me was stress, abuse, and isolation. Fuck her. Bye Felicia! Her ass is on the curb now. 

She took my power away for over a decade, but I got it back now. She's never again welcome in my life. She might try to show up again, but I won't even acknowledge her existence. 

Here's the thing: she never gave me anything. I never even liked her. I met her through a friend, and we started hanging out casually. Once a week. After a while, she'd show up a couple times a week, uninvited. She seemed harmless enough, and I knew I would never be dumb enough to fall for her. I really couldn't stand her. 

Before long, she came over every day. Then she moved in. I never asked her to, but she did anyway. In hindsight, I should have never even said hi to her. I knew she was trouble, but I did it anyway, for reasons I can't even remember anymore. 

Today, I told her to get her stuff and get out. No discussion, no compromise. Out. Today I feel free to live my life. Never again will I be shackled to that heinous, abusive slaver. I honestly can't believe I was ever afraid of leaving. She never took control from me; I gave her control and didn't question it. 

I feel I might be being too hard on her. She did exactly what I knew she'd do. She never lied about it. In fact, it was common knowledge that that is what she does. She didn't trick me. I tricked myself. The trick is over though, and I've learned how it's done. She'll never pull it on me again, no matter how many times she tries. 

Am I sad that she's gone? Well, part of me says "Fuck no!", but the other part of me says, "Absolutely, unequivocally nope!" So I'll say it one more time, for the last time: "Bye Felicia!"