My Thoughts, My Story; Some Questions.

***IF YOU'RE NOT INTERESTED IN THE COMING WALL OF TEXT, MY QUESTIONS ARE AT THE BOTTOM***


Hello, all. I'm new here, so forgive me if I offend any subreddit etiquette. I quit on November 14, 2013 - a thursday - after I lost my pack of Yellow Spirits. My last cigarette was nearly exactly 101 hours ago. 

I did not quit because of a single factor. I quit because everything inside of me has been telling me to for months. Ever since I first realized that I was very physically and mentally addicted to nicotine I have felt like less of a man, less of a human. I depend on a chemical cocktail to feel okay and that chemical cocktail makes me less and less okay with each use.  I spend approximately $12,500 on this a year. Thinking like an economist, as I frequently do, it sickens me to think of the utility that money could have brought myself or another. My addiction barks back that it *has* brought me satisfaction, but the fact of the matter is that at this point it only staves off the effects of it's own absence. The fact of the matter is that before I started smoking I was a healthy, chemically-balanced teenager with a curiosity.  The fact of the matter is that now my body does not produce enough dopamine to keep me feeling *normal* and my capillaries are constricting blood flow to my brain.

I can't say that it hasn't been rough, but despite the physical cravings, headaches, and edge, I feel legitimately good about myself for the first time in a long time. Every drag I took carried the weight of each of the previous.  Each cigarette added itself to the pile of mistakes and regrets that I collect in the recesses of my self-image. 

Today, I still possess a lot of self-negativity for the choices I have made. However, today, that negativity has not grown - like so many days before.  I feel that someday soon I will be able to tackle my emotions regarding my smoking with positivity and return to a greater state of wholeness. I look forward to this, and I believe that with the support of this incredible community I will be able to make the change that I have only pined for in past months.

Thanks for Reading,

Alley Cat


---------------------------------
I just have a few questions regarding the first couple of weeks of cessation:

1. I have increased water intake from ~6 cups to 10+ cups over the past four days, is there anything else I can do along the same vein?
2. I'm relentlessly drinking tea and coffee, is there any reason, other than the obvious (another addiction) that this is a bad idea?
3. I'm open to less conventional methods of breaking the physical aspect of my addiction. Is there anything I can do short term to reduce or shorten my withdrawal symptoms? Is there anything I can do long term to help put my body back where I was before I began smoking?

I greatly appreciate any help and wish everyone the best.