365 Days Complete. Reflections.

(My English is shaky, please pardon my grammatical/formatting errors)

Well to start off I am a 21 year old male and I used to smoke 12-14 cigarettes a day.

It was bad. Somewhere mid last year I had started the C25K program and I did pretty well. 

Within 3 months of starting I was doing 5k's 4 times a week. Also being relatively overweight during that time it was a real big achievement for me. Ended up at 76kgs from 97kgs.

My next goal was the 10k but that never happened. The exhaustion after 7kms was insane and the 10k goal seemed impossible. 

After some thought I realised that this obviously had something to do with smoking so I decided to quit, which was futile as most of my friends are chain smokers and after mostly a weeks worth of being smoke free I would eventually cave in. 

Anyway my main motivation for quitting was my mom. I had asked her what she wanted for her 49th birthday, and she said she wanted me to quit smoking. After trying to quit many times and failing, I decided to put my heart and soul into it and get rid of those darn cancer sticks FOR MOM. 

The first day was fine really. There were no cravings whatsoever.

Day 3 is where the fun began. The cravings were at full swing. I felt exhausted all the time and was easily irritated. But I had decided to make it through 1 week minimum so I stood strong and kept myself busy with exercise, studies and computer games.

After the 1st week the worst was over, I had decided to substitute cigarette cravings with food and THIS brain hack made the entire process much more comfortable. Whenever I felt like smoking I would go eat a pastry at a bakery nearby my college (Yes, bad idea) I ended up gaining 9 kgs and am at 85 right now. Was it worth it? HELLS YES. 

So the benefits are that I don't get exhausted easily and everything smells and tastes better. My mouth doesn't have a lingering smell of smoke anymore and tar marks around the back of my teeth have almost gone.

Overall quitting was VERY easy for me. Apart from week1 I had no other problems really. 

My advice to you. Dont overthink it. Just do it. Humans are capable of great things. Quit and never look back.

PM me if you need help. 

Best of luck guys!

Happy 50th Mom, this would not have been possible without you. :)