I had to give myself a high-value bribe, but it's been 22 days!

I couldn't even make quitting stick with the birth of my daughter a year ago, the combination of stress and celebration made me think a cigar every now and then was fine, which lead to a cigar a night, which lead to a few cigars a day/night which lead back to smoking regularly. Even giving up for a week or so I'd be back outside with my boss smoking through the days.

I had a moment a few weeks back where I was pretty concerned with my health and realized I had, at age 30, neglected it so much over the last 6 years that I'm actually seeing the problems that smoking can cause. I thought my never-had-a-cavity, never-sensitive teeth were showing sensitivity because of aging. I thought my poor circulation and getting cold easily (i used to be a furnace) was me aging. I thought my lack of energy was just me aging. 

When I really thought about it, I had achieved all of the things that I really wanted in my young adult life, and I should try and stick around long enough to enjoy every bit of it. Much like other aspects of my life that I had problems doing or completing in the past, like finishing my bachelors degree, or getting my finances in order, I learned within the last year or two that you have to try something radical or different than how you think it should be done if it's just not working for you.

So I thought about what I really wanted the most in the world, and that was to travel overseas to visit my best friends, one in Africa and one in Asia. I talked to my wife and she thought it was a totally reasonable idea that if I didn't smoke for 6 months, I can buy myself a plane ticket and go on a trip with my buddies for two weeks. We have already done a family travel vacation, she'll get a chance to go and visit her best friend, and I'll get a chance to go and adventure.

This goal has helped me say no to a few cigarettes now, as heading to some place like Nepal, Angola, Mongolia or Georgia is way more enticing than whatever that moment of relief from a cigarette will give me.

Better yet, we'll be doing a week long trek, and I'll absolutely suffer if I have smokers lungs.

One of the best things about it is I told my friend about the plan and he quit smoking too.

Everybody has their own way to quit, and to do something sometimes I need to give myself a high-value bribe. It needs to be something just for me and something I would do anything for.

Try it out, it might work for you.
