41 Days without smoking

I used the hangover from New Years Eve to jumpstart my quitting smoking. I have been occasionally smoking since I was about 15 yrs old, when a friend told me to chase a joint with a cigarette. I smoked cigarillos at parties, or on the rare day hanging out with a smoking friend. When I was 23 I did an outdoor trip with one of my best buddies and we started rolling tobacco to cap off a good night. After three weeks, I was hooked and have been a regular smoker since (although I didn't think of myself as a 'smoker' for the first 2 years). I hid it from my family, and anybody that would have to regard me professionally, so I had to be sneaky constantly for the last 5 years. Most of my friends are musicians or in the arts scene, a lot of them are heavy smokers, or smoke when they drink so quitting was really tough. I had a lot to lose, in my own mind. When New Years came around I had a bunch of things I wanted to change for the up coming year. I am newly married, and we're thinking about having kids soon and I didn't want my poor habits to solidify as I moved into this new phase of my life. Exercise, diet and smoking were 3 things I really wanted to change. So far the smoking part is the only real thing that has stuck and I'm fine with that, mostly because, after 41 days free of a cigarette, I finally feel like I'm not a smoker. I've tried to quit before, to varying results. The longest I've gone in the last 5 years was probably around the month long mark but even then I wasn't ever really convinced I need to quit. I no longer crave cigarettes, I don't use a vaporizer anymore so the oral habit and need for billowing smoke is gone, I have had drinks and not caved.

I'm getting my taste back, I smell good, I don't run to the washroom to wash my face and hands every time I come inside, I'm not distracted by thinking about my next cigarette when I'm having a conversation, I'm not going outside every 25 minutes at a party by myself because no one else smokes. My social life hasn't taken any noticeable hit, turns out I have just as many non-smoking friends as smoking friends (I just didn't realize it), people know that I've quit and have stopped asking me if I want one, and most importantly I'm not paranoid and guilty constantly. Both my parents smoked before they had me and my sibling and quit, so I didn't grow up in a smoking household, and I always appreciated that. I don't want to raise my kids in one either, and will be much more open about my experience and how hard it was to quit when it comes time to try and convince them not to start.