Getting ready for my new life. Any tips?

Hello people,

First of all, I'd like to congratulate you on your streaks. I've recently turned 20 and I have been smoking for 4 years. I think I have averaged a pack a day for a good 3 years by now. I've constantly had the thought of kicking the habit ever since I admitted to myself that I was addicted. Now the weird thing is, I'm certain it is not a physical addiction. It has a lot to do with boredom instead.

You see, I'm studying away from home. I just go to class and then lock myself back up in my room to get work done. I'm a "loner nerd" i guess you could say, and I spend most of free my time just studying with music playing in the background. And I get bored, A LOT. I feel like smoking is my only entertainment. I like having something that I can do every 20 minutes or so. I'm pretty certain that I don't enjoy the actual action of smoking, because it makes me feel like crap. Dry mouth, headache, shortness of breath etc. Let alone, the realization that I'm slowly killing myself is more than enough to make me feel bad. But I feel like I enjoy the "ritual" of it. You know, just having something to look forward to doing.

I made up my mind on quitting because I'm really starting to see the health side effects and I'm -quite frankly- scared, to say the least. Moreover, I promised mum to quit. She was visiting me around my midterms and I was chainsmoking due to stress (not that smoking helps in any way) so she was quite worried about me. So, I think I've romanticized the idea of smoking. But although I breaking all the cigs i have in half and throwing them in the bin every night around midnight, I seem to not be able to fulfill my promise.

I was able to pinpoint my triggers though. I'm pretty sure they are boredom &amp; self-pity.

So I'm seeking your wisdom. How did you manage it, and do you know of any tips, tricks etc. to help someone in my situation?

Thank you so much in advance for taking your time and reading it. Wish you all the best.