I can’t believe it... I’m free!

I know that nicotine alternatives aren’t necessarily popular here. Many former smokers I see swear by the Alan Carr method. For me, the Alan Carr method didn’t work. It helped me quit for a week or so; but it didn’t stick. I tried patches. I tried cold turkey. I tried a vape pen when they first started coming out. Nothing stuck.
Every new year I’d resolve to stop, and I’d muscle through a few weeks until a self destructive inner voice would tell me, “we all die someday. Enjoy your life while you’re here and just have a cigarette.” And I’d cave.
Recently I’d started smoking after a month or so long quit, and it didn’t take me long to go back to a pack a day. I told everyone I quit in January though so it became a huge ordeal trying to hide it from my boyfriend and kids and cover my tracks so I didn’t smell smoky. I ordered a juul on a whim one day because I figured it couldn’t hurt. I didn’t really expect much.
The day it came, and I took my first puff, I immediately threw out what was left of my (almost full) pack of smokes and I haven’t looked back. When I think of cigarettes now, I feel actually truly disgusted. I don’t miss smoking AT ALL. I still have friends and colleagues who smoke, and the smell is gross to me. I hang out and vape with them while they smoke, and never for a second do I wish I had that stinky cigarette instead. I cringe to think of all the ash and butts that used to be on my porch. And how gross my hair always smelled. And how yellow my fingers were. And how it hurt my chest to inhale. I finally, finally know I will NEVER EVER EVER smoke a cigarette again. 
I feel like when I’d say that in the past, I was mostly just HOPING it was true. But now I know for certain, I hate cigarettes and I’m 100% done with them.
I realize many people will roll their eyes because I’m still totally addicted to nicotine. I’ll deal with my nicotine addiction eventually. But for now, I’m just so so happy to be free of cigarettes and I want to tell anyone else having a hard time quitting, that whatever it takes to quit, even if it’s not the “right” or “best” way, it’s still a victory. And it counts. And it’s something to be grateful for.