6 Years.

Quitting smoking was one of the hardest, most impossible things I have ever done. But it is also one of the best, most galvanizing things I have ever done too. I'll be honest, quitting smoking was the easy part. I put out that last smoke, closed "The Easy Way", and I was done.  It was learning how not to be a smoker that was the hardest thing I've ever done. 

 I used to just hide and smoke until whatever was stressing me out was over or able to be ignored. Turns out it was a good way to hide some pretty bad anxiety issues, issues I'm just now learning to really cope with. Quitting is easy, living without the distraction from my problems was the hard part to learn how to do. But once I learned how to live without 'em... holy shit. The time I have. The hobbies and interests I have. I don't just sit around and smoke anymore. I'm not chained to an ashtray. I'm *free*. Better yet, I realized that a lot of things that I attributed to smoking weren't from the cigarettes. Cigarettes didn't make me a social butterfly. They didn't make me able to handle a stressful shift. They didn't make me clever or smart when having late night conversations with my friends.  I did those things myself anyway, I just got conned and let cigarettes take the credit. 

Each day I kept proving myself that I could do it, that I could get through stressful days and awkward situations without them. Each day was a struggle that became a reward, and I refused to let myself lose all those days in a flash of impulse. Those days that I won against smoking were more valuable to me than the lie the addiction told me, that giving in would feel good, it let me see past the illusion of instant gratification. That's a lie the addiction wants you to believe- that giving in is gratifying. It's not, it's enslaving.

In the six years since I quit, I've been through some pretty rough shit. And every time something awful has come my way, I remember that *I chose to quit smoking*. I chose that fight, and I beat that monster. And I can take on anything else that gets thrown at me. 

So, friends, just remember- each day is a battle and each day is a victory that you won, and now that you've quit smoking, cigarettes can't take those victories from you, you have to give them up.  Remember that cigarettes lie and steal the credit for awesomeness that you already own.  You got this. 
