Question(s) on patches (and backstory)

Good morning redditors :)

I've been trying to quit and then relapsing for... ugh... months.  The longest I ever managed was 4 weeks, but I was in a shit, stressy job and then slowly fell back into it.  Lost the job about 4 months ago, haven't got one since (wow, the job markets sucks), was generally staying in at home looking for jobs (and lurking on reddit etc), but getting a bit depressed, fat, didn't exercise etc etc.  About 3 weeks ago I dragged my ass to a gym, signed up and have been going 2-3 times a week, shocked at how weak I've become, but it has helped me feel loads more energetic and positive.  

About 2 weeks ago I had my usual morning smoke and was surprised to find that it tasted absolutely digusting.  Win, right?  Yeah, well for that week it was....  I have no idea what happened but I literally couldn't bring myself to smoke.  At all.  Then I went out with mates and fell back into it...  

But the past couple of days I've been back on patches, which definitely do help.

If it matters, I was smoking about 10-15 cigs a day, so I'm using 14mg (or thereabouts) patches (the mid-range ones).  I've used them before - when I managed my 4 weeks off smoking, patches were great.

However, my question (finally!) are:
What are your experiences in using patches?

Has anyone else have a maddening itchiness for 5-10mins after sticking them on?

Does anyone else have this weird sensation sometime afterwards that feels like someone has given you a dead arm?  Not that intense a feeling, but maybe just a light punch, lol.  (I generally put them at the top of my arms.  I'm not a big guy so there's not much muscle etc between the patch and my bones)

What about any other feelings/sensations you've had?

Btw, it's so good this subreddit is here and is generally so positive - it's been really helpful in reading others' stories over the past few months and understanding/knowing that others are going through the same ups and downs as I have.  It's subtly, but definitely helping to get under my skin and into a better mentality to quit :D