Just a few thoughts as I approach my one month smoke free.

This might be a bit long. But I know there are a lot of people who are going to be joining us as we come into the new year, and if you are one of those people I'd like you to read this.


This last month has been hard, it's been extremely hard. I've struggled, I've cried, I've screamed. But I've also felt such pride in myself. More so then I have ever felt in my life, besides the day I had my son.


I have failed in many things during my life. Quitting smoking has been one of those things. I've attempted to quit many many many times. More times then I can count probably. But there has always been some excuse for me to fail. "Life is to hard right now", "there is to much stress in my life", "how can I expect to quit right now when there is so much going on?" "I'll just have one" I'm sure this all sounds so familiar to some repeat quitters here. Here's the thing; there will always be some stress in your life.. If you are waiting for the "right" time to quit, you never will. And here's another thing; that stressful thing that's happening in your life will still be there whether you smoke or not, and smoking won't help you deal with it, or make it all better. This is something you have to realize before you quit. Smoking will never make anything better or easier, it may seem that way but it really doesn't. 


Over the next few weeks, you will often hear that voice in your head telling you that you can't do this, but you can! Believe me you can! You will also hear a voice in your head telling you that you just need one more. Just one puff, just one cigarette. I've heard this so many times over the last month. The addiction tried to reason with me that I just needed to have one to get through. You need to shut this down as soon as the thought comes into your head! There is never ever just one puff, or just one cigarette. And what is one puff or one cigarette going to do for you? Absolutely nothing! Other then make you feel guilty, feel like you have failed, and in a few hours time you will feel like you just need one more, because like I said, there can never just be one. 
This isn't easy, but it does get easier! As when it does get easier don't let your guard down, the urge can creep up on you anytime. Be prepared to fight the urge even after you get through the worst of 
it. 


There is no easy, magical thing you can do to to make the cravings non existent in the beginning. But there are things you can do to help yourself get through it. First thing download a quit smoking app and track your quit, watch the days go up, watch the money you have saved go up, watch number of  cigs you have not smoked go up! It's amazing to see all the numbers in one place and it will help give you motivation to keep going! Check in with this sub often. This place has been an amazing asset to my quit, I've come here often and read other people's stories, I've posted my own frustrations, and I've gotten some amazing support!


Just remember this is not something that is impossible! You can do it, and we are all here doing it with you, so you are not alone! You are about to make the best decision of your life and you will thank yourself for it forever! I feel better then I've felt since I start smoking at 11 years old, 16 years ago (what!!?) as each day passes I feel healthier and healthier. Yes I still get random urges, but I just blow through them one at a time. It gets easier. 


Just believe in yourself, and you can do it. 
Sorry for the ramble and wall of text. I just feel so amazing since quitting, even with the cravings, crying and screaming haha (which pretty much never happens anymore btw) and I just want to help as many people feel this way as possible. It really is an amazing feeling, and amazing accomplishment, that I hope all the new quitters soon get to feel!! 