Withdrawals 

So just like the badge says I'm 18 (or 19) days in depending on when you are reading this....yup I survived 14 day with out my American spirits, using patches, a very lower set of cartridges for an e cig. I was riding high. I, for the first time in any attempt really never wanted to inhale smoke into my body. But there's that nagging little voice in the back of my head telling me I'm still nicotine's bitch (sorry for the language). " oh I woke up, put on a patch!" Or " I need a spike in my nic intake so where's my e cig?". I can't be it's bitch anymore. It's bad e nought to have self esteem issues, diagnosed anxiety disorder, and been steadily unemployed for way to long (though that is just a sort of status right now. Quiting smoking and getting the monkey as far from my back as possible is kind of the only win I can hope for.
So I made the big call. Time to no longer let nicotine into my body. How did this go? As bad as you can imagine. I had no plan, didn't bother to inform my wife, son, or best mates. I didn't go shopping for snacks (here is a truth to those getting ready for with drawls, carrots and ranch dressing are winning). Then I proceeded to lose my sanity and temper (and if you know me I try to never, ever, and I mean ever yell, instigate, or snap) targeting my wife, son, various pets, my favorite hockey team, chores, the content of Netflix, my body, my mind....what ever came into view, was subject of hate, that I openly verbalized. The Summery, I became the worst me possible. I lashed out at everyone I care about (wifey got it the worst, and goddamn it I love that woman) and despite it all....it was never an excuse to smoke. I now have 67 hours with no nicotine. My wife hasn't left me. My son still respects me quiting, and my gawd while every fiber of my body hurts....I think I'm going to make it. I know this is a battle that happens daily, and everyday is a victory...I think I'm going to sting some serious time together. My best is 9months in 27 years of smoking. I'm crushing water, and snacking low fat and semi-healthy. If you have some words that might help....feel free. Sorry for ranting. I'm also sorry for spelling, grammar, punctuation, and poorly assembled thought, and everything thing else that makes me a crappy communicator. I'm dyslexic, add, and now at forty years old, I really don't care, but pointing,out how I suck would be a waste of any spelling nazi's time. Ok off to bed, and wake after the 72 hours mark comes and goes....thanks for any good vibes.