2 Weeks since my last cigarette, and I'm starting to feel the strong cravings

It started out two weeks ago when I decided I won't buy another cigarette pack, but instead I'll try one of those eCiggs. I bought a blue disposable with the classic flavor. I tried it, wasn't bad, it's just different.

Two days later I find myself still smoking it then it ran out of battery. I might've over-smoked it because with the last few puffs I could taste plastic. blech!

I bought another one and it tasted better, but I can still taste that hint of burnt plastic.

Now I have been reading about eCiggs and vapes for a while now and decided that instead of another eCigg, I'll go to a store and get myself real vape/eCigg kit.

I had in my mind the eGo kit, but when I got there, they had a rebranded version, and I did an impulse buy.

So I have my hand, 5s day after my last real cigarette, a vape with eliquid that had 0% nicotine.

I've been using it ever since. (10th day) And now for the first time since the past two weeks I could smell the cigarettes when I saw a picture of someone smoking! I was indoors! And my mind was like, "oh, wouldn't that be good right now!"

So I thought I'll spend the next few minutes writing this, and reading this sub-reddit, let myself cool down a bit, then maybe have a few drags off my vape.

I do realize that vaping is still smoking I'm trying to break both habits at the same time. (having the urge to puff on something, and having the nicotine hit)

So no matter what I do, I won't be taking in nicotine. I then just have to wean myself off of that puffing habit.

I'm already not using the vape as much as I used to smoke. Counting the number of times I go out per day, I'd say I went from 1 pack every 2 days to 5 cigarettes a day, meaning 1 pack every 4 days.

Sometimes I step out only once or twice a day!

But one thing for sure, if I were to buy a pack at any point, then I'll definitely be back for good. For the sake of my daughter I can't let this happen.

Hopefully soon, I'll start the C25K program. Start going to the gym that my work makes available. Become a healthy person. Not someone who aches and runs out of breath everytime they have to up 3 flights of stairs to get lunch.

Ok... this has become a rant.. I'm not editing it. I've got work to do. Well.. my 10 minutes are up.. I'm gonna go now.. 


cya.