Day 21 - my Champix experience

As a bit of background I started smoking at 18 and quit aged 35 when my first child was on the way. I then had a difficult period in life after 40 and started smoking again. I’ve been smoking again for 2.5 years and I don’t want to smoke anymore. I also don’t ever want to make the same mistake again of “I’ll just have a couple of smokes when I drink with friends and keep the smoking under control”. I can’t socially smoke because I’m too much of an addict, and I just need to accept that fact. 

I’m just about to finish my third week of Champix, with 9 days of not smoking, and these have been my observations. 

The first week on Champix was horrible. I almost gave up with it. The nausea was horrendous, but I quickly figured out that if I took it during a meal or at least directly afterwards it wasn’t so bad. I also got really dizzy, to the point that I’d have the support myself from falling over, especially after getting up from bed or sitting down. 

Now both of those sides have subsided and the primary side effects are insomnia and weird dreams. I also feel a bit depressed but it’s manageable at the moment. 

I have what is possibly quitters flu now and alongside the insomnia it’s driving me nuts. I just want a good nights sleep. I’m looking forward to this last week of Champix so I can move on and stay quit without it. 

Actually, now I’m thinking about it, I couldn’t have got through the initial quitting phase and nicotine withdrawal symptoms without Champix. I’d tried several times  to quit and every time I’d given in after 24 hours. That being said, the desire to smoke again ever is completely off putting just because I never want to have to take Champix again in my life!

Overall I’d say that Champix has been a huge help in helping me quit. The last time I quit at 35 I used a Reiki specialist and I was extremely doubtful of its effectiveness, although I did end up quitting. 

Now my fears revolve around social situations. Many of my friends are smokers. Many of the bars I enjoy frequenting are smoking bars. Last time I quit I became a bit of social recluse. It wasn’t good for me, so at some point I’m just going to have to face up to these kind of social situations where smoking is present and suck it up. 

I’m not going to miss smelling like tobacco all the time. My sense of smell is already improving and some of my clothes and jackets stink. I won’t miss the ticking clock that keep pushing me to smoke every hour like an invisible hand. I won’t miss the restricted airways and asthma. I won’t miss the horrendous feeling of having to smoke when I had a cold. I won’t miss the anxiety when flying and not being able to smoke until I “reached the designated smoking area”. I won’t miss worrying that the smoke on my clothes was damaging my kids (I have never smoked in front of them, but still). 

The thought that smoking might kill me never really stopped me. I’m not stupid and I know the risks but those warnings on the cigarette packs hold no sway regardless of the horrendous pictures. It’s because the concept of dying or being seriously ill is completely abstract (to me anyway). 

Anyway, those are my thoughts on quitting so far. Feel free to ask any questions. Also if anyone has any idea how long these flu symptoms generally last then please let me know!