Some days work will make you wanna give up all your progress and relapse (tl;dr trade shows are the worst)

Over ten years with the company, last year I have full transitioned into sales and have my own region. Things are great with the eight months of not smoking....

 Exception: trade shows with the South East guy from Georgia. The guy smokes between breaths. So Im out here in Myrtle Beach for a trade show. Although my territory is the north east, we do all our exhibits with a minimum of two people. 

He booked the hotel rooms and drove here in his personal car instead of a rental car.

cool. So he picks me up at the airport. REEEEEEKS of smoke, he lights up and we drive the 1 mile to the hotel. Not bad I convince myself. No need to be awkward socially for the one mile. I get checked and and get to my room on  asseverate floor and can smell smoke all over me from being in his car. I send my clothes down to the hotel laundry, shower and forget about it. I have a beautiful view of the ocean and a great balcony to stand on and pontificate my awesomeness for being polite socially.

...Then I smell it. He is on the floor below me, Smoking. Mother. F#cker. 

Close the balcony and stay in my room. I'll confront him at breakfast.

At breakfast he is telling me about his recent thyroid surgery becasue one of the 4 smaller thyroids behind the thyroid went haywire. Shutting them all down, leaching calcium from his bones and dumping it into the bloodstream and how he is lucky to be alive.

He jokes that the doctor told him not to smoke, but at 60 years old, he can do what he wants.

we finish breakfast and drive the 4 miles to the convention center. he smokes two cigarettes on the drive. that makes 3-4 in an hours time. 

at the convention parking lot I ask him if maybe on the way back too the hotel if he could refrain from smoking in the car. he said well, hell, "isn't this america". and "its my car aint it"...

So now we've been standing around for a couple hours, I have left once to use the rest room and he has taken 4-5 breaks, one every 45 mins or so. and each time, he looks to me and says "would it be okay with you if I have a smoke break"... dude is twice my age, and acting half my age. He's on a break now as I type this. This tradeshow is slow, should have been an email.

Affirmation: I won't quit quitting.

(tl;dr trade shows are the worst)