let's get some fresh air...

The hardest part of the day was coming home. 

unwind and grab a bottle of beer. roll a smoke. open the window, sit on the sill, light a match. take a drag. watch the people coming home from work breathing in the fresh night air.

I only rolled my cigarettes, never cared for pre-rolled or even bought a pack. It was gradual, from rolling joints, to spliffs, to straight tobacco, no filter, but I didn't feel like the nicotine addiction was that strong because I could go a week without any cravings at all... but that was when I was out of town - not at home. With nothing to do in the evening, rolling a cigarette is just something I did. Then I'd smoke it. Then half an hour later I'd roll another one...

What was the point?

One weekend I had a huge project to finish up and wasn't sleeping or eating, just smoking mostly. Have you ever wished you could get your nourishment from smoking? It could be cool. I gave my self strep throat that weekend instead.

I was kind of a secret smoker, keeping it from my coworkers at least, but my friends knew. I started online dating and left the smoking question blank, but I figured the girl I started seeing wouldn't want to date a smoker, and I didn't want to taste like cigarettes if I had the chance to kiss her. This helped me quit, and I was ready (my throat was still sore from the binge smoking).

I quit with a full pouch of rolling tobacco, papers, and matches in the drawer next to me. 

If I want it, it's right here. 

Some days I come home, and those pathways are still strong, and that routine is fucking burned into my brain, and I'm sitting at this desk, in front of this computer, with nothing better to do, and I want to roll a cigarette. But I don't. I click through to this subreddit and it's just the right distraction.

This time I clicked through, signed up, and want to say THANK YOU! 

My teeth are whiter, my sense of smell is better (I can sniff out you smokers easily ;)), my new girlfriend is wonderful, and I'm even smoking less weed and exercising more. fuck big tobacco. take care of yourself and keep at it!
