A Small Workplace Victory

I travel a lot for work. I've posted here before about how airports are a stress trigger. One thing i didn't anticipate was how much of a stress trigger spending the week working out of the main company office.

Mind you I've been at this job for roughly 10 years and did phone support for ~7 years of it, then inside sales, and the last 18 months I've been the out of town guy.

While getting to work all week in the "spare office" I noticed the phone support guys going out back ever 45-90 mins for a smoke. The accounting guy every 2 hours. The rework technicians what seemed like every 30 mins. Then me. not once. I no longer have that in common with them and they only just noticed this week.

The CEO called me into his office, had me shut the door so it was just him and I. My sales are light this quarter but that is heavily influenced by the weather in the northeast, my region. I am positive he had asked me to come to the Corporate HQ to work out of the office here to monitor me. It's the end of the week. It's near the end of the day.

"how'd you do it" he asked. "ugh... do what?" im scrambling because although i have 1/2 the sales of my other regional guys and 1/4 what he has (he handles all international) I do have quite a few exciting things. 2016 will probably be the best year my region has very had. 

"Quit smoking" he followed up. 

Well, sir, I figured if you can handle all the stress you've got and don't smoke. I figured I could buckle down and not smoke either.

He laughed and told me he thinks that is awesome, asked how long since I smoked last. He followed on to ask how my wife is and just had a really great interaction. 

He's never smoked but hates that other people do. I told him the the full story after a bit. That after shortly after my wedding, my wife and I attended my grandparents 60th anniversary, then I decided it was time to quit smoking. It's been 300+ days. I used the app a fellow redditor made called "smoke free" but aside from determination and a supportive wife I quit smoking after 14 years through will power. No patch no vape no mercy.

TL;DR at the end of the week my boss noticed I wasn't taking smoke breaks and congratulated me, which kinda got me off the hook for poor performance.