I stopped smoking almost 60 days ago.:)

I just want to share my story.I hope it would help someone else quit this terrible thing.

I am 25 and I started smoking when I was 16. I have been trying ,forget this habit for almost 2 years . The longest period I was able to achieve was 2 weeks. However I am absolutely smoke free for almost 60 days now(except one time :/ ).

The reason I stopped smoking is because I felt terrible in my body.It started past winter.Before that I tried to stop smoking because of other things(to smell better,etc.) I started developing breathing issues, my throat hurt all the time and I started having terrible thoughts about how I am going to die because of smoking. I read an article about what is wrong with smoking and it basically said that smoking is a simple russian roulette. It drove me nuts. So I bought  a pack of nicotine gum. I think I need to put it 2 way one for mental and the other is phisical way.

Mental:

Week 1: I used nicotine gums on day 1-2. The thought of having a completely smoke free day helped a lot in continuing.Then I stopped chewing gum because I read that it is as addictive as smoking. There are people who are using it for 8 years now(I dont want to fell from one pool to another.Thanks...) When i stopped using gums I just went crazy. There is no better explonation for that. My SO(woman) is smoking so it just simply doubled all the feelings I had too. I was angry, anxious, depressed, etc. I felt like a caged animal. It even put my relationship in danger. I became jealous,etc. a literal b**ch. when I look back on myself I was acting like a bit*hy gay boy in a movie. I didnt hurt my fiancéé phisically or any other way(just to note!! I fought smoking not her!!). 

From that point until week 4 thats how it was. I fought with all my power and will power. I summoned every possible fighter, mage, jedi in my mind to help me to get through every single (obstacle) day. I was constantly looking for the stories of those who won.(sidenote: When a smoker says he/she can easily spend a day without smoking is such a lie.) I can't count how many times I resisted to smoke, to ask for just one cig. 

Week 4 - week 6: The cravings started to go away. I still had some but it was so much easier to resist. It was pretty funny  to see when my fiancéé had to go out smoking. It was weird when we had to go out of the shopping mall because she couldnt resist after an hour or when we talk in our room and she has to go out for the same reason. I just cant believe that I used to be the same. Its funny and sad at the same time. 

24th of dec: This day is important because I smoked on that day. We were at her family. Her father is smoking. We were at the kitchen. Being nice I didn't spend time apart from her family(how would it look?). After a wgole day of being in the same area with them the craving came back. So I stole a cigarette from her father.(Never leave ur pack of sh^^t alone!!!). I started smoking but after 2-3 puffs I felt weird and I thought that this is not what I was fighting for. I throw it away.

24 -today: I am still smoke free and I am improving day by day and its an awsome feeling!!!

Phisical part:

I justed wanted to die . My body improves day bay day but 8 years of smoking is not going to disappear in a day...:/. However i feel so much better. My breathing improved a lot. I don't have to stop anymore if I walk more than a block. Today I brought home a lot of stuff from the shop without the thought of dying during the walk. I am planning to get back to the gym but before that I want to do a check up with a doctor. There is only one thing and its the sleighm(the stuff that comes from your lungs)  .Its disguisting. I mean if thats what was in my lung, I just cant believe it... The ammount, the color, its scarry too. However I am so much better and I have never ever been this happy before.:) 

My motto: "The worst day of my life as a non-smoker is still better than my best day as a smoker"(Its from a blog and its true!)

Two last things. I spoke to a lot of of "still" smoker and these are the responses:"I can't imagine how you did it". "I am planning to stop too",etc. Its a good feeling that you can inspire others. I was able to spend my money on things I love. my fiancéé, new part for my computer, clothes, 2 pair of shoes.Small things but significant in the way I spend my days. :)

My first language isn't english so sorry about that.  If you are just about to start I wish you a good luck and infinite will power!! Don't thrpw away your life for something that you don't need! 

Never give up, never surrender!!
                         Mat:)


