Read a really great motivating self-help book and now I'm 4 days smoke free! :)

I've been smoking since freshman year of college (5 years ago), started because I was experiencing a lot of stress with such a big life change. I've regretted it ever since and for the past 3 years I've always made the NY resolution to quit smoking and always failed 1-3 weeks in. I can't remember how many times I've attempted to quit in the past 3-6 years. In high school  I played travel, indoor, and 3v3 soccer and I was so well conditioned and fit cardio wise I could play an entire 90 minute game at striker with no sub consistently. Now, I can barely run up 1-2 flights of stairs without getting winded. I was disgusted with myself. I thought I would never be able to pull myself out of this hole. Last year I moved to NYC and cig prices went front $5 back home to $15/pack here and it was putting a financial strain on my budget. Started nicotine patches 7-8 months ago and was doing great for 3-4 months until I relapsed due to work stress and gave up. 

Recently my BFF from home recommend a motivational self help book to me after going through a very rough time and feeling stuck in a rut. The book is called *Unfuck Yourself: How to Get Out of Your Head and Into Your Life* by Gary John Bishop. I'm on the third chapter of the book and suddenly I'm slapped in the face by a certain statement ...."Are you willing?" It was like I woke up out of a 4 year trance. My previous attempts at quitting hadn't been successful and super difficult to get through because truthfully, I wasn't ready and willing to quit. It was that simple. I had to be ready to WANT IT and perform the work that had to be done in order to achieve my goal. So I dug out the leftover patches I'd saved in my last quitting attempt from my closet and started ASAP, ordered another box on Amazon right after that. 

I'm now 4 days smoke free and extremely proud of myself. I feel different and very hopeful this time around. Only 4 days cig free and I feel that my energy levels have already rebounded somewhat. I don't feel as weak and winded going up the stairs in my apartment building. I feel very positive vibes and my mood has improved immensely. I've started meal prepping healthy meals for lunch and dinner, drinking a protein shake once a day, and I'm excited that I'm finally on track to start going back to the gym without the deadweight of smoking holding me back:) 