Tried everything under the sun, the damn book worked!

As the title says I have tried quitting multiple times only to fail.  I started smoking when I was 12 years old, because I had older "cool" friends who did it.  I am now 26 and have smoked every day since the age of 12 except for the 11 weeks I was at Basic Combat Training (BCT) for the Army.  Even after being smoke free for those 11 weeks and being able to run miles, I still picked it back up.  

Fast forward to a year ago, I saw an AskReddit thread and people were telling this guy about the Allen Carr book.  I bought the book, read some of it and stopped reading it and continued to smoke.  I then got a prescription to Wellbutrin, which helped a little, but not much, my overall happiness factor was up though.  After that failed I moved on to Chantix, which worked but the desire to smoke was still there.  

Recently, I saw my Allen Carr book staring at me and I couldn't sleep.  I figured why not, I'll just read till I fall asleep.  Well I never went to sleep, I continued to read the book.  I got to almost the end, because I realized that I no longer needed cigarettes and put the book down.  I went to bed, picked it back up in the morning of the 20th, and that is when I had the "moment of clarity".  I was no longer a smoker.  

This was literally 10 days ago, but I have never been more sure of anything.  At the time I was smoking a pack a day and was also dipping (Copenhagen), about a can a day.  I either always had a cigarette burning or a dip in my mouth.  

After quitting i tried both, and they didn't phase me, I no longer needed them.  It's usually with Alcohol that I want to smoke the most, and I did, I was ashamed but I am glad I did!  I am glad because it reaffirmed that I am no longer a smoker.  Most people hate cigarettes the day after heavy drinking, I loved to spark one up in the morning.  The morning after I still didn't have the desire, and it just made me feel even better.

So, I will tell you that there is hope out there, and that hope is not just out there but inside of you. Do yourself a favor and get that book, there are even Kindle/PDF/E-book versions out there.  I thought I was a lost cause, even prescription medication failed me.  For those of you who are nervous, the book lets you smoke while you read it, seriously it does, any amount of cigarettes you want to smoke. It's really a whole different approach.  Once again I am a huge nicotine junkie (thanks Army), and if I can do it you can too.

**TL;DR - Smoked for almost 14 years, tried every possible way of quitting. Quit 10 days ago using the Easyway by Allen Carr, the damn book worked, WORDS worked.  I have never felt better.  It's only day 10 but I have already seen the benefits.**