I'm quitting on Tuesday!

Hey guys! Im really happy I found this sub first of all, it seems like an amazing support group.

I've been smoking on and off for about 4 years, and smoking about a pack a day for a little over a year. When I first started, I honestly really enjoyed it. I loved the light headedness it gave me, and how ot almost paralyzed my entire body when I first started. 

Now, I hate it. I live in Las Vegas, and during this time of year, it sucks having to go outside every hour or so to go have a cig in this horrible 115+ degree weather. And that original feeling that I loved has long been gone. Now, I smoke because I have no choice. But no more. 

I'm taking off this entire week of work in preperation and to actually quit. My biggest trigger for smoking is actually working, being how stressful it can be sometimes. My second biggest trigger is driving. Everytime I get in my car, I light one up. Regardless of how short of a time there has been in between cigs. So being able to take this week off of work will hopefully remove my top 2 triggers (even though I'm sure I'll have to drive during this week sometime, it won't be nearly as much as if I were working, considering my job is a truck driver). 

I plan on just going cold turkey. I know this technique is one of the hardest, but the reason why I'm doing it this way is because I just want it to be done, and not a prolonged experience like it would be if used patches or what not. 

I know its going to be a tough road, but with all the precautions I'm taking, and the support group I found in this sub, I think Ive done the most I can to help me be successful.

One point of advice I am in need of though, I live with my sister and sister in law. Both of them smoke. I've told them my plans, and they said good job and they wish me the best, but they have no plans on quitting or making it any easier on me. So this will he my biggest obstacle by far. Any adivce on this?

Im really excited for this healthier stage I'm going to be undertaking, and I'm really excited to share my experience and journey with all of you! I look up to all of you who have quit as inspiration and motivation!