I wrote a letter to my boss about a month after I quit for the last time

I wrote a letter to the partner at the firm I work at after I quit for (hopefully) the last time.  I wanted to share the bulk of it with everyone.  I know as well as anyone how hard it is to quit.

"I have noticed a couple of things in my life:  I can breathe without discomfort; I no longer have pains in my chest that make me wonder if I am going to have a heart attack tomorrow; I went from not being able to run without gasping for air to being able to run for 5 kilometers.

"The biggest change in my life, however, is that I feel free.  Every time I would go outside to light up another cigarette I would always have this guilt hanging over my head telling me that what I was doing was affecting my work and affecting my health and affecting those that care about me and love me.  Yet I would still do it.  When I would be at my desk or at dinner or waking up in the morning the first thing I would think about is the next opportunity I could find to have a cigarette.

"I would always come up with excuses to be alone so I could sneak a cigarette in.  Maybe there was something that needed to be bought at the store.  Maybe I was offering to be helpful to my elderly parents by getting them something they needed even though they were perfectly capable of doing it themselves.  And I would always have elaborate ways to hide the smell:  chewing gum and toothpaste for my mouth, gloves for my hands, strong cologne for my body.  I'm sure none of it worked but it helped my psyche. 

"I'm tired of feeling guilty.  I used cigarettes as an excuse to do so many bad things in my life.  I was Sisyphus rolling the stone up the hill.  To some people, it is just a stimulant they use to grind out the day.  For me, it was an addiction and the only reason for living.  I needed cigarettes like a man needs water or food and it pains me to think of how far I fell.  

"The only one to blame is me. 

"So I am done.  The only reason for me to go to the gas station is to get gas.  The only reason to buy a lighter is to light birthday candles.  Now that these shackles are off I want to find out what I can finally do and show you that the person you hired is responsible and someone you can trust."



Not sure if this letter will help anyone but I hope it does.  Since I quit I realized how much happier I am without it.  