I’ve never told my quit story and I’ve been quit for 6 months and would like to tell it

For two years I smoked. I know that’s not a long time but when you’re 21 it feels like a long time. I wasn’t a heavy smoker as I smoked 6-7 cigs a day for the better part of when I smoked I never let it get beyond that. I let on to everyone in my life I didn’t smoke as much as I did. Everyone knew I had a smoke from time to time but not as a daily thing so I hated myself and smoking so I had to quit. I failed so many times cold turkey I would make it 2 days max and always break. I eventually said fuck it and bought a juul and honestly it worked wonders but it was some wild shit. When I first got the juul I seriously wasn’t used to that much nicotine (1 pod a day, which is 1 pack of smokes apparently). I couldn’t even think of smoking because I was half nic sick for most of the time, and when I would think of smoking I’d hit the juul, feel like shit from the audacious amount of nic, and be too sick to smoke. So I considered this a success in some regard. I still had an awful habit, but it wasn’t smoking and after a month of so just on the juul no cigs I was confident in saying I was a non (cigarette) smoker. But the juul isn’t sustainable long term, and I was going broke on the pods spending way more on them than I ever did on cigs. So I got into refilling the pods with 30ml bottles of juice, and every time I would go through a bottle of juice I’d lower the nicotine strength: 59mg juul pods to 36mg juice, to 24mg to 20mg then down to 6mg. I finally threw my juul away the other day after 6 months of use. Now I hate juul, I hated using juul, and it sucked but it was a long term plan to get me off of the cigarettes which I had 0 luck with before it worked wonders and with nearly no discomfort. I still have a cigarette sometimes as I did the past 6 months but I feel no compulsion and I really don’t enjoy it anymore. Ive bought a few packs since I got the vape and I’ve thrown most out because they went stale, unsmoked in my car. And as far as getting nicotine into your system efficiently and enjoyably, the cigarette is old news and vapes, although new and douchy and in no way are cool, are so much better. I recommend it to anyone who wants to give up the sticks and doesn’t have the nerves to commit cold turkey. Just don’t get a juul. I hated myself for smoking, and I hated myself for vaping, but now I am free from both and it really feels great. I can finally go back to hating myself for countless other reasons. I hope someone’s read my rant. It felt like something I really needed to get off my chest