A Smoker That Doesn't Smoke

I am a smoker and I will be one 'till I pay the boatman two bits to take me across the river...but...I do not smoke. And here is how I did it. I, like many, believed the lie that addiction tells you. And that lie is "I love smoking". The truth is I hated/hate it. But that is how powerful addiction is. It sets a trap, and while killing you, tells you that you are right and just in your bullshit. So, I'm 11 days in, free from cigarettes and I will never go back because I see cigarettes for what they are....and they are pain. I thought cigarettes where my friends. I thought they were comfort. I thought they set me apart, and I was wrong. Not only was I wrong I was an asshole. Have you ever heard someone say, "The only cool people I know are smokers"?  Yeah, that guy is a junkie, and he smells, and he hacks up brown-gooey-nastyness every morning for half an hour. And that used to be me. I'm 45 and have been a regular smoker for 30 years. I bought my first pack for 50 cents at the pull-handle vending machine at my local hospital when I was 9 (1979). So by the time I got into my mid 30's I couldn't quit, I was a junkie. So here's what I'm doing now. 1-remind myself every time I get the urge that smoking is trying to kill me. It wants me to stink, my teeth to be brown, to hack up something reminiscent of gorilla glue, and limit my dating pool. it wants all of my money and it wants me to shake, vomit, go through chemo, and have grey skin. It wants me to miss it when it's not there, and when it is, it wants me to be ok with the poisoned feeling it deals out. If smoking were a person, I would murder it in the face and watch the life leave its ash eyes...then dance on it's grave. 
2-KEEP SMOKING! But, go to a smoke shot/amazon/ebay and buy TarBar or something like it. Those little filters not only cut the amount of straight-up-pain going into your body, they are also clear so you can see the tar build up...and it's gross...and it brings home what you are doing to yourself. 
3-And this is totally my experience: after using the tarbars for a year, my body acclimated, and smoking still made me feel sick. Which helped me realize that when it comes to smoking, a little bit is still too much. 
4-Commit. I bought a Sigelie(?) vape kit ($90 at a local store) and haven't looked back. I went for the 6 mg of nicotine because fuck it, I can level out in a couple of days. And for me, mentaly, spending $90 means I have to get my moneys worth, so I can't smoke. I bought two packs a day so at this point I've saved $154 and spent $90. I'm up $60. 
5-And this is the most important. Treat cigarettes for what they are. They are pain. They are addiction. They are disgusting. They make me smell like shit and they make me feel like I've been buried under ten pounds of shit. We hate Hitler for his murderous rampage and Bundy, Stalin, Pinochet,Bin Laden and those isis fucks....treat cigarettes the same, because they are. I live in Las Vegas (lifer) and I see pathetic every day. From traveling drunks who think they are funny/special to sad hookers...and they are all lying to themselves. And nothing is more pathetic than self-deception. My life view is shaped by smoking/addiction...and I can tell you, I'm fucking glad I see it...it's taught me a fucking lot...and I'm fucking glad I won't do it anymore. 
You can do it.
Vape on.
Good luck.
B
UPDATE!
I had a dream last night that I was with my girlfriend at a party and I found a pack of cigarettes and hid 4 in my pocket for later. I woke up, and wanted a cigarette. But more important, I was so f'ing happy that I don't smoke. I'm still coughing up junk, but not as much as a month ago. I can smell a cigarette being smoked two houses over, I can taste, and I have a fat wallet from not buying packs. I downloaded the Smoke Free Beta ap and its been an eye opener. Besides feeling well and empowered, I, to date, have saved $700, been smoke free for 54 days, and have not smoked ONE THOUSAND AND SEVENTEEN cigarettes. 