In honor of Celebrating 60 days I will give a small summary of my evolution towards quitting (advice for new/soon to quitters)

Wow. 60 Days without a smoke is something I honestly never thought I would ever attain. How did I get here? Why haven't I been convicted of a murder or lost all of my friends? What was the secret to my personal success?

I have seen plenty of good advice here. Hell, I was a lurker to the sub for over a year before I finally started getting serious about quitting and have seen many angles. So what worked for me? 

I've attempted to quit multiple time and in recent attempts I never got passed a day. Previously living with smokers, continuing to work with smokers to this day, just having a suicidal love affair with tobacco, plenty of things kept me coming back. I would play ignorant to the wheezing in my lungs when I laughed, when I climbed stairs. The rumble of phlegm in my chest when I awoke from sleep. and I continually made excuses on how "right now" just wasn't a good time to quit. 

I am an EMT/Firefighter. I have a very physically demanding job and I also have plenty of exposure to patients who have cancer, COPD, chronic bronchitis, emphysema.. I would be done with a COPD patient call and have a cigarette. I was willfully ignoring my own fate being sealed for me. One day I had a very bad cacer patient who was having respiratory failure. Watching this victim of their own habit suffer the panic and torture of not having lungs that work. I spoke with my partner about how we are chasing that fate with our cigarettes. Those dramatic commercials we see with the people suffering? They are a bit too dramatic and in your face, but in the end, it is the fate we are chasing. So I finally decided it was time to prepare to quit. 

* I started keeping track of what situationally triggered me to want to smoke. Every cigarette: The post/pre-meal, the phone calls, the boredoms while doing paperwork, etc. Every single cigarette I would smoke, I would note what environment and situation and mental state I was in that lead to it.

* I made a log of all of the health issues I was starting to develop. This part was tough, it required objectivity I would often not have due to my intentional ignorance to enable myself to smoke. I noted how my heart would race after less flights of stairs than when I started my career, the other issues already noted in my prior paragraph, etc.

* I made a list of the reason I actually have to want to keep smoking. I tried like hell and still only came up with 4 items and besides "I am addicted" they were all weak. I could relax just as much by just stepping outside and concentrating on nothing as much as I could by taking a smoke break, I finally admitted this to myself.

* I set a quit date 2-3 weeks from when I finished these three lists.

So I was prepared enough to know there was a long list of situations and triggers I would have to want to smoke and relatively knew when they would occur. I knew what health issues I would want to concentrate on when needing reinforcement to quit. I have some attention span issues so I made a few lists of these things and kept one at work, one in my car one at home and one in my phone.

I looks at the info sheets and documents from the [American Cancer Society](http://www.cancer.org/healthy/stayawayfromtobacco/greatamericansmokeout/) For the weeks leading up to my quit date I would alternate between trying to delay a smoke and smoking excessively. I did not do this intentionally, I wanted to have a gradual reduction of my smoke count, but would fall victim to my own self-enabling. I mention this because, I want to say that even though I didn't have the most successful smoke reduction slowdown, when it came time to stop smoking. I had to decide if I was going to keep my work to myself or not. This lifestyle change had to be for myself and by myself. I told my girlfriend that she could encourage me, but not guilt me. I have to quit for me. If she and I broke up, or if I started smoking again, I needed these things to be independent from one another and not connected. I didn't want a change in one status to result in a change in the other. 

Lastly, when my quit date came. I kept my word. I logged in here for a badge, I downloaded [Cessation Nation](http://wearecessationnation.com/) and [Smoke Free](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.portablepixels.smokefree&hl=en) apps and logged all info available. When ever I had urges I would look at my health charts, my money saved. My time slowly growing, I would come on here and read and comment and I would talk with my friends who were willing to encourage me, including my girlfriend.

Somehow I am here 60 days in. I am not looking back. I am no longer a smoker, it was something I did in the past. I just need to remind myself that it will not be today. Every morning I have wanted a smoke when I woke up, but I have never had a smoke on me to light. As long as I never buy any, and never bum any I will never be able to smoke any. 

Whenever you feel like you need support, be sure to come here and let people know what you are going through. 

You are not alone.