Anxiety and panic attack completely gone after quitting cigarettes!!

**TLDR: Never had history of anxiety or panic attack growing up, suddenly got them within the last 2 years. I also started smoking cigarettes 2 years ago for the first time in my life, smoked a pack everyday until 5 days ago. Developed Agoraphobia in this 2 years,** **not motivated** **or not interested to leave the house to avoid crowd. Had a full blown panic attack 2 weeks ago, everything went away 5 days ago after I quit cigarettes, 3 days ago I started taking Zoloft. But I am not sure if quitting cigarettes cured it or Zoloft. Eitherways, I cant wait to catch up for the lost 2 years of my life. I am leaning towards cigarettes being the culprit.** 

I am in my late 20s, and I have never smoked cigarettes in my life until 2 years ago. I wanted to try it because everytime I walked around the street someone would ask for a cigarette or a lighter and it seemed like a great conversation starter. So I liked how it felt and started smoking regularly and eventually it became a full pack a day \(25 cigarettes\)

Regarding anxiety or panic attack, I was a very social guy ever since I've known. 2 years ago right when I started smoking, I also tried smoking weed for the first time at a friends place and the first time I was introduced to panic attack in my life. That went away after a day of smoking weed and forgot about it.

Last year, my life started to go downhill or I got too comfortable. I rarely went out, I can work remotely and get paid, I only went out to groceries, and to hit the gym and time to time I go for a walk and I pretty much went out after its dark.

I avoided crowd and I finally realized a pattern. After a long time I tosok the public transit and I felt very anxious to be suddenly with people. Then I realized this is agoraphobia or a mild version of it. Avoiding coming in contact with people.

2 weeks ago, I had a full blown panic attack for no reasons, my heart was racing, and had random chest pain which freaked me out thinking its heart attack. I could't be at home, so I get out, then I couldn't be outside, so I come home only to freak out even more, the feeling of dread oh man.

So I sat and thought about what exactly is my problem and why I am feeling the way I do, my life is excellent. I have an excellent career, I have multiple businesses that generate income, and I never have to work again in my life cuz I saved enough money for the future. However something is causing me to feel the way I do. So I went to the doctor who put me on Zoloft for 3 months. I was told it will work after 2 weeks.

So in the mean time, 5 days ago, I decided to quit cigarettes because I had a feeling that it may have been connected as my life went to shit ever since I started smoking.

This is the time line.

6 hours after quitting smoking \- My breathing was seamless, far better.

Next day \- Chest pain, coughing and phlegm went away, anxiety completely disappeared.

2nd day \- Sudden urge to go out and go for a walk, go to a crowded gym, literally zero anxiety.

3rd day \- Heart rate was around 55bpm to 60. I forgot what it felt like to be relaxed, and I have never been this relaxed ever since I could remember.

4th day \- I feel like I am full of life, breathing fresh air, literally walked in the middle of downtown for 2 hours and smiling , and actually making eye contact with people, starting random conversations etc, everything smells great, fresh grass, smell of the lake etc

5th day \- Zero cravings, last week when I had a panic attack that moment feels so alien to me now, and literally feels like a different person and kind of regret that I have not been out for the past 2 years or so. I cannot believe I felt agoraphobic and for what exactly?

Today I just came back from another walk and jog, met a couple of girls on the way at the park and I am killing it.

Although Zoloft may have played a part, I doubt it because they specifically told me it will only work after 2 weeks. I am actually considering stopping zoloft cuz I feel great already.