half a year clean!

Obligatory rant after half a year. Omg half a fucking year. Before quitting I read some posts here and some of those helped me a bit so my rant is like a give-back-to-community.

I think people who didnt see me in those half a year would notice a big difference. I was skinny, almost underweight, now I fixed my diet, started eating more and more tasty because of saved money. I gained almost 20lb and started working out almost immediately after I quit.

I sometimes look at my coworker who goes to smoke and think. I can see him through the glass and am a bit jealous for him. He is smoking, as I was, thinking about something, relaxing, chilling.

But here I am sitting smelling fresh and a bit pumped. Now I can run 3 miles without a stop. 3 miles. Half a year ago I would be out of breath after 0.3 miles. My whole thinking changed a bit as quitting smoking is my little battle which I win everyday, its a thing I am proud of. Quitting smoking made me have enough momentum to start running, start working out, I've started to read books I always wanted but was lazy or "next time because now i've got to watch youtube". I've gained more momentum to try things I thought as not for me. I bought a bike, started biking sometimes, tried fishing, started to go outside much more.

Let me tell you about going outside a bit more. While smoking I liked to go outside but only to sit somewhere, nothing active, because of constant tiredeness. You know that feeling when you're walking, light a cig and you feel good but you will more and more tired. Now I can walk anywhere I want, have energy, I am not afraid to go somewhere on a weekend because of fear I will get tired. I know that even if I will, I will recover quickly.

Constant compliments from wife that I smell nice and that she is proud of me quitting. Damn that feels good to hear.

My overall health increased, I noticed that I sleep much better. I think its due to the thinking before bed that "I will go to smoke in 20mins and I don't go to sleep immediately after a cig so I will stay for like an hour more". Now its like "I want to sleep, go clean myself, go to bed, done". Morning became much easier too, Even if I sleep less hours than needed I feel better. This cant be placebo.

The best advantage of quitting is momentum you get from the fact you are doing it. I remember hurrying like to a bus stop and seeing that I will miss a bus but who cares? I will have some time to smoke, no problem. What kind of passive thinking is that. In general I feel more in control in my life.

Thanks