I Quit Smoking


I want to share my story of quitting for my own sake and maybe it will help others. I hope this post isn't annoying or unwanted. 

I've always had an oral fixation. Soothers 24/7 when I was a baby, then biting my nails and pica as I got older. I've always loved cigarette smell. I got my dad to quit smoking because when I was 6 years old I went up to him with a carrot in my mouth and said "look dad, I'm smoking just like you!"

I started smoking when I was 17. I was at a party and woke up the day after before anyone else. I saw a pack of cigarettes poking out from someone's bag, took them, and ran home. Stealing cigarettes was not my finest moment and I'm not sure what was going on in my head. 

Anyways, I quit smoking. It was back last March, I was hella hungover and tried to smoke a cigarette. It made me feel 100 times worse. That's when it hit me that if smoking makes me want to puke and cry while hungover, how much is it affecting me when I'm not hungover?

I went and bought a vape, didn't smoke for two week. Got weird withdrawal symptoms, as though my body was detoxing. Then I "relapsed" and began to start smoking just a bit. Like one or two a day. It made me feel sick but I did it anyways. Though the important thing is that I didn't throw in the towel and decide I wasn't strong enough to quit. Rather I just decided I needed a final bout of smoking to confirm how I don't need them.

I really focused on how sick it made me. I imagining my lungs all withered and blackened. That and it's expensive, since I was still vaping I was buying vape juice and cigarettes.

It sounds counter productive but every time I wanted a cigarette I asked myself if I truly wanted one. If the answer was yes I would have one. I made sure it was a shitty brand so I would feel like crap afterwards. Pretty soon whenever I wanted one I stopped feeling like I actually needed it.

I began to only keep the cigarettes in my car. And I would throw away the cigarette as early into the smoke as possible. Also I made a rule that I could only buy cigarettes with cash. It's a lot more motivating when you can see the money from you wallet literally being smoked away.

I didn't think of myself as just "quitting", that term made it seem like I was losing something. Rather I told myself I was moving on from smoking and it no longer served me.

I also did not keep track of how long I've gone without smoking. When I did start to do that it would make me antsy and as though I would never be able to quit. I told myself cigarettes mean to little to me that I don't even need to track how long it's been.

Anyways if anyone has read this all then thank you for reading and you CAN stop smoking!