Fifteen Months - my story

TL;DR: Your reason to quit has to be more important than how much you enjoy smoking.  Quitting isn’t easy.  There will be mental stress and anxiety as a result, and there may be real physical symptoms that can be scary.  Both will pass eventually.  During your first month or so, indulge yourself in other ways.  Stepping down works for some.  Drugs work for some.  Nicotine replacement therapy works for some.  Cold turkey works for some.  Quitting isn’t at all easy, but it is worth it.  To get where I am now, I needed nicotine gum, time, and the right motivation.

My backstory: I’ve been cigarette free for 15 months.  I smoked a pack a day for 18 years.  I was a nicotine addict by most definitions.  Hypothetically, if I was down to my last $5, I’d probably buy a pack of cigarettes over dinner.  Over the course of my life, I’ve locked my keys in my cars, forgotten important documents at home, etc however I don’t remember a time when I was without my cigarettes and lighter.  You get the idea –smoking was important to me, and I loved it.  I liked the act, the smell, the taste, the way it made me feel, there wasn’t much about it I didn’t like except for condescending non-smokers.

Years went by, time went on, I changed, and society changed.  I watched smoking act as a detriment to the health if people I loved.  In my head, I counted how much money I spent on cigarettes.  Less people smoked, and it was harder to find places to smoke.  

For myself, I loved smoking so much that I was willing to roll the dice on future health problems.  I was willing to pay for cigarettes.  I was willing to put up with the inconvenience, and being an inconvenience to others, to find time and places to smoke.  Cigarettes were more important to me than all that.  I happily made those sacrifices to keep smoking.

I had kids.   I did not want my children to see me smoking and to become like me – happily willing to make sacrifices for their addiction.  They are the reason I quit.  I made attempts before, but they never stuck.  I needed a reason that was greater than my love for smoking, and with my children I had it.

My quit and struggle:  On June 10th, 2012 I smoked my last cigarette.  I used Nicorette for a month.  I started off chewing about 10 pieces a day, and then went down to 1 or 2 pieces until I felt I could get by without nicotine.  In hindsight, I maybe went off the nicotine replacement too early.  I had some real physical withdrawal issues leading to two ER visits that I’ll lump together in 3 groups: blood pressure spikes, heart palpitations, and digestive issues.

My blood pressure is usually text book normal at 120/70ish.  A month after quitting smoking, started feeling “out of sorts” periodically.  During one intense episode, I had my BP taken, and it was 180/120.  These episodes would come on suddenly, last for 10-45 minutes, and then go away.  As time went on, the episodes happened further and further apart.  At about month 8, they stopped.

After quitting the Nicorette, I started having heart palpitations.  They felt like missed beats sometimes, or extra beats sometimes.  Imagine this is normal heart beat, with the b’s being beats:
 b…b…b…b…b…b…b...b...b...b

The palpitations felt like this for hours on end, with the B’s being extra forceful beats:
b…b…...…B...b…bB…b…b…Bb...B...B...b

After several doctor’s visits and tests, the palpitations were diagnosed as premature atrial contractions (or premature atrial complexes, PACs).  Something was irritating the heart muscle in the atria causing the heart muscle to discharge electricity thereby initiating a heartbeat outside of the regular rhythm.  No underlying cause was ever identified, but those too faded away, though they come back for short periods if I’ve been under a lot of stress of have had a lack of sleep for a few days.

The digestive issues were not fun.  As a smoker, I could eat anything, any time, and my digestive system could handle it.  After I quit smoking, it was like everything was going through too fast.  I personally know 2 people who have developed serious digestive issues after quitting smoking (serious as in blood transfusions and possible surgery may be needed).  Those issues got better around month 10-12, but I no longer have the iron stomach I did.  

My doctor had no insight to the physical withdrawal issues.  From my own research and reading, I’m guessing the BP spikes and heart palpitations had to do with anxiety and stress.  Cigarettes used to be my instant stress reliever.  I took that away, and perhaps my body was burdened by every day stresses – like a spring that has been wound too tight.  For the digestive issues, I think inflammation may have been the issue.  Inflammation is a bodily process to fight infection and injury.  Nicotine puts a break on your body’s inflammatory response.  I took that break off, and perhaps inflammation went into overdrive.  The digestive symptoms certainly fit with GI tract inflammation, for me and my friends who had the same problem.  

All Done: No doubt quitting was a hard road to go down.  I really thought something was seriously wrong with me when I was in the midst of the worst withdrawal issues.  If anything, the horrible withdrawal is yet another reminder of how bad cigarettes were for me.

Here at month 15, I am over the mental and physical withdrawal issues.  I’ve lost the 20 lbs I gained right after I quit, plus losing a few more.  I feel better than ever in my adult life.  Most importantly to me, my kids will never remember me smoking.  
