How I stopped...and why I'm writing this.

1- Why I'm writing this...

I just stumbled upon a reddit entry about a girl who says she stumbled upon her father's (Name: Uniquestring) Reddit account. He was an active Redditor and contributed to Stopsmoking...yet he died of cancer. This compelled me to tell my story.

2- How and why I stopped smoking.

I have smoked most of my "adult life" (up until 26 years old...but I started at around 10!).

I remember my first one(s). My friend's brother smoked and we stole some of his...then he started buying us cigs. We were smoking them inside our treehouse and were enjoying the buzz we were getting (I remember feeling really stoned!).

Time passed and I kept smoking. I think I did it mainly because I was bored. (That's another story: school was not very interesting for me, girls were not into me, pc games, coca cola and smokes were my main source of pleasure).

Eventually I grew up to go into bars...and smoke.

Then I started working...and smoke to relief stress.

Then I read a book by Allan Carr and I stopped.

I suggest you pick up his book about smoking. They helped me undestand WHY I smoked. Why I could not give it up...

Basically: you are programming yourself to smoke! The chemicals inside cigarettes make you crave the next one. Basically: when you somke, you set an alarm in your brain that will pop up an hour later saying: I need a smoke. But...it's all chemical and induced by the cigarette you just smoked...you are basically the architect of your own addiction.

When you start thinking about who benefits from your addiction, it's easy to see big tobbaco businesses are...

SO...when you light up: YOU ARE A PAWN OF THOSE BIG TOBBACO BUSINESSES. YOU ARE GIVING THEM YOUR HEALTH, YOUR MONEY AND YOUR FREEDOM.

That's really dumb!

Once I figured that out, I never smoked again.

Hope this helps and CHEERS to EVERYBODY who is stuck with this.

I am now 100% smoke free. I have been for 10 years. I ran 4 marathons, countless 10ks, 21ks and am a P90X finisher :) You can do it !!!