The dreadful return of the crave

I smoked only for a total of maybe 6 months my entire life, but it took me only a few days to get to the point where I was completely addicted once I started. Two or three cigs at work quickly turned to five, and then a few when I got home.. and so on.. Eventually I was smoking a pack a day. I realized after a while that smoking was not doing me any favors. I didn't really enjoy it, it was just an addiction I enslaved myself to. And the constant delivery of nicotine was making me more anxious than relaxed. I smoked so much I got heart palpitations just lying down on the couch. But I guess the worst part was the constant coughing, smelly clothes, paranoia about people looking down on me, the need to go out all the time and fire one up etc.

So, enter vaping.. The switch was easy enough for me. In the start I took a few cigs once in a while, and on days where I needed to wait for an order of more e-juice, I bought a pack a few times. After maybe one month, I was completely turned over to vaping. But the addiction to nicotine was sustained, and this addiction took a toll on my sleeping habits (the constant delivery of nicotine prevented any sleepfulness). I also became lazy just sitting home vaping all the time.

13 days ago I took off for a vacation and left my vaping gear at home. At that point I was vaping about 1.5 mg nicotine in my e-juice. I was in a foreign country, enjoying the hell out of life, and I honestly can't remember experiencing any withdrawal-symptoms. So once I got back, four days later, I decided to stick to not vaping anymore. I'm now at day 13 and I'm noticing a strong craving for nicotine tonight. I'm taking notice of people smoking in the streets and telling myself that I could just have one smoke. It wouldn't matter, right? It'd just be a gift to myself for being so strong... But no! I won't give in. My eyes are set on completing this one month without any nicotine in my life. Back to how it was, back to a healthy life without any dependencies.