It gets easier. It really does.

This is my first attempt to quit in over 10 years. Last time I made it to ~10 weeks before relapsing. Before that it was 4 months (personal record to this day). Both times I happily used excuses to start smoking again.

Quitting smoking has always been on my mind since those days. Not constantly/every day, but I always knew that in the long run I was going to try to quit again. But I kept postponing it... for over a freaking decade.

One of the things that kept me scared of quitting is the memory of how I would still get regular cravings even after 4 months. Sure, the frequency and intensity decreased somewhat, but the urge to smoke crept up on me a lot.

I knew it would take a lot of strength to give it another shot and my biggest fear was that I would never be able to resist those constant cravings for the rest of my life. I thought it just takes too much energy and willpower.

I never took my alcoholism into account though. Of course I'd crave every day while getting drunk every day. Alcohol and cigarettes always belonged together for me. First sip of beer --> cigarette. Light a new one every 15-20 minutes. It's just the way it was.

Well, I'm almost 2.5 years sober. I've quit smoking only 6 weeks ago, but it has gotten so much easier. SO. MUCH. EASIER. I've lost track of the exact number of days about 3 weeks ago. Most days I don't even think of smoking while having my coffee. Yes, occasionally there's a real craving, but it never lasts more than 1-2 minutes and there's not been any actual danger of relapsing for a while. I'm still very much vigilant, but my perspective has changed so much. I seriously don't want to smoke anymore, it would suck so much to start from scratch yet again.

---

I wish I could travel back in time and tell myself this:

It gets so, so much easier. Just go for it. Survive the first few days, then the first few weeks. It's very possible that after 3 weeks you get a day where you crave like hell... then 4 days later you wake up and realize you haven't even thought of smoking in 4 days.