19 years old and smoked for under a year. Quit yesterday

I’m 19, and I started smoking in August of 2018, which means I haven’t even been smoking a full year yet. I started smoking because I’m allergic to weed and liked the head rush, and for the first six months I only smoked one or two a day. I could easily go multiple days without smoking and not even realize it. I did it purely for the head rush. Then I made the mistake of buying a Juul, and quickly (in the space of just a month) stopped smoking cigs but started vaping one pod every other day (one pod = one pack). Then, two months later, I left to travel and left my Juul behind. At this point I resumed smoking, but now around 3-5 cigs per day. I tried going a day without it, but realized that I craved a cigarette after a while.

And then came something I wasn’t prepared for: hostels. Smokers are everywhere, and I very much have a social attachment to smoking. I do it cause I think it looks cool. I *quickly* (two weeks) went from 3-5 cigs a day to 10 a day.

And then, two weeks after that, I began working in Paris. All of my friends and coworkers smoked, so my smoking went up even more. I went all the way up to a pack a day, although I should admit that it was only around one week of me smoking that much. Two days ago, I quit.

Breakdown:

Time spent smoking...
1-2 cigs/day: 6 months
Juuling 0.5 pods/day: 2 months
3-5 cigs/day: 2 weeks
10 cigs/day: 1 month
20 cigs/day: 1 week

**My questions:**

- I genuinely enjoy the head rush, and deeply regret allowing myself to smoke so much that one was no longer achievable. Given my short history of smoking, can I return to the 1-2 cigs per day routine? The only reason I went above that is because I was not prepared for how quickly addiction would overcome me, but now that I am prepared, I think I can keep myself to just 1-2 per day (*this will only happen after two entire months of not smoking*).

- I’ve heard many people tell me that, because of how quickly I nipped my problem in the bud, quitting will be rather easy for me. How true is this, and will cravings eventually disappear? I’ve had an average of 3 not difficult to manage cravings per day so far.