253 Days. Not one single puff.

I come to this sub occasionally just to see the number of days on my badge. Today I noticed that most of the latest posts were by people that have stopped within the last week or so. I want to encourage you to keep it up. 

About 260 days ago my body was fed up with smoking. I didn't necessarily want to stop, but after a decade of smoking a pack a day I just started to feel shitty all the time. I mentioned the idea of wanting to stop to my wife in passing, but not really ready to commit to the idea of "quitting." 

Without asking me, she ordered Allen Carr's book *Easy Way to Stop Smoking*. I was mad that I was now forced into this uncomfortable position of having to choose whether to actively commit to quitting by reading the book or not. The reality was that I *did* actually want to quit, so I swallowed my pride and read the prologue one night when she was asleep. It really eased my tensions about having to commit to quitting right away. The book not only suggests but encourages you to smoke normally without any attempt to quit via willpower as you read.  

I remember at the time trying to decide when I wanted to finish the book, because I had heard once you finish the book, you just stop. Well.... I don't want to quit during the work week, because the work week is stressful and I need to smoke, but I don't want to quit during the weekend, because that's MY time and I want to relax and smoke. 

This was the endless train I could never get off of. There just weren't any stops. And if I was going to schedule my withdrawal from smoking and have any chance of success, I needed to do it right. 

I was wrong. On a Tuesday, I read the first few chapters before bed. That motivated me to read the rest of the first half of the book the next day. On Thursday I came home motivated to read the rest of the book and get off the train. I gave little thought to what day it was at that point. I was just ready to stop. 

I had 5 smokes left and smoked them while I finished the book, careful to save one for the end. The book even suggests you smoke a last cigarette at the end. I did, and I put it out about half way through. It just seemed silly that I smoked at that point.  In that moment, I was cured. It was bizarre. 

Over the next few days I came to this sub and read posts like these about how people did it, how they felt, etc. I read posts from people that had quit hundreds of days ago to glean whether they had tales of woe or happiness. I wanted to know if I would stay excited about my life ahead of me as a non-smoker. 

The truth is, I don't even think about it much anymore. On a daily basis I feel *fine*, better than I have in years, I am not bleeding $5 a day, and I don't have to segment my days into sections between cigarettes. I am generally less agitated and less stressed. But I've gotten used to all of that. So life after smoking is simply life. My day is just not governed now by the moments I can get away from what I'm doing and smoke. I am free.

I hope that whatever inspired you to stop continues to inspire you to stop. I want the whole smoking world to feel like I do now. Just know that stopping smoking is not the loss of a friend, but the death of an enemy. If you recently quit, don't stare down the barrel of a bleak miserable existence without cigarettes. Rather, realize that you should celebrate the death of your enemy, and look forward to all of life's rewards for stopping. Health, money, control of your life and time, to name a few.. 

Best of luck. It's worth it! 