I Quit, this is how it happened.

Tomorrow's going to be my first anniversary as a non-smoker. I'm  a 38 year old man and I KNEW I had to quit. Started smoking at 16 and I'm pretty sure I was smoking a pack a day by the time I was 21. Tried to quit a few times, even made it a couple months without smoking on more than one occasion but nicotiine always got me back. The last few years of my addiction I was snoring like a beast, waking up out of breath and with my heart panicking as I gasped for air. The stupidest suicide.

My last 2 years as a smoker I got into the whole natural tobacco, roll-your-own thing and used filters. Thought I could save some money and perhaps it would not be so bad compared to all the crap that is added to a pack of cigarettes. It is still very bad, but after a while the taste of regular pre-packaged cigarettes became unbearable and nauseating. I guess that was a good thing.

The last straw was my niece. My sister in law is allergic to cigarrettes, just the smell gets her eyes all red and watery and her nose starts dripping. I stopped smoking before and during any visit to my brother's house. She got pregnant and that did it. I was going to have my first niece/nephew and the tought of having my smoky stench make a little baby all red, itchy and miserable was too much. That was the day I quit, June 2, 2013.

I KNEW I had to quit, if you do not convince yourself that you have to quit it will not happen. List and understand all the reasons you have for quitting. It was killing me, causing discomfort upon others, draining my wallet, making me stink. Getting a badge in this subreddit helped, write down the day you quit on your online calendar and collect as many days as you can without smoking. Get an app and look at where you are on your way to recovery, oxygen levels, CO2 levels, nicotine on your system, heart rate, celebrate every little milestone as you take your life back.

Those first two weeks were hell, I became a cranky bastard, but you can actually notice that you are healing, sleeping much, much better all through the night and tasting and smelling things you had forgotten were there. The coolest thing is that yesterday I almost dozed off peacefully on my brother's couch with my 4 month old niece resting on my chest, and for that I am grateful. 