It's been eight months since I've had a cigarette. I'll never go back.

Hey there, I don't frequent this sub very often but yesterday I realized it had been eight months since I've smoked a cigarette. I wanted to share and offer encouragement. 

I was not a heavy smoker, but I definitely smoked 1 to 4 cigarettes a day for several years. I underestimated how much it was impacting my life. I had my last cigarette the day of my bridal shower, when I found myself sneaking off to smoke because I would be *so* embarrassed if my family or friends saw me puffing away. (Really, only my husband and a handful of people knew I smoked.) I decided I was sick of sneaking around to smoke and I was tired of feeling *ashamed*, so I stopped after that cigarette. The first few weeks were hard but I rarely even think about smoking now. 

Here is a list of some of the things that have improved in my life since I quit: 

1. Smells. Oh my god, things smell so good and so much more intense. I know you probably hear this all the time from ex-smokers but really, smell is an underrated sense that brings a lot of happiness to me. I'm glad I have it back.  
2. Taste. I can taste subtle nuances in food that I forgot even existed. Think food tastes good now? Wait until you've been cigarette-free for a while. It doesn't mean you're going to gorge yourself, it just means you can appreciate what you're putting in your mouth even more.
3. My cardio has improved drastically. I have been a runner for several years, and about two weeks after I quit, I noticed a huge improvement in my speed and endurance. It's like what I imagine taking performance-enhancing drugs is like. Not smoking has given me an *edge* in running. 
4. Shame has diminished. I felt very embarrassed about smoking in many situations. I tried to hide it from all but a handful of people. It was a ton of work to hide it. It's great not to have to go to all the trouble now. It's also great not to have to lie when my doctor asks me if I smoke. 
5. It has started a chain reaction that has lead to an overall generally healthier life. Once I quit smoking, I had a huge feeling of control over my body. I have been able to moderate other behaviors better (drinking less, exercising more) because I know I am able to do anything if I put my mind to it. I eat better because it makes me feel better. I have a better attitude. 

One thing that really helped me quit was a post I saw here that talked about "don't let quitting smoking make you stop going outside to take breaks during the day and acknowledge your feelings." (This is a rough re-wording, unfortunately I can't find the link.) I realized that all I was getting from smoking was a few minutes once or twice a day to stand outdoors, process my thoughts, and be calm. I still try to go outside and do this without a cigarette, and it still works. 

I hope this post isn't super common or annoying. I just wanted to give you all some encouragement. Cheers!