I want to understand Nicotine addiction, so I can be more supportive.

My husband, when I met him almost 12 years ago, was a smoker. I dislike smoking, and am quite allergic to secondhand smoke. As we dated it became apparent that he was not a social smoker, it was a strong part of his life. Before we got married - he "quit." And the first few weeks seemed horrendous - then all of a sudden he was just a different person. And I was amazed. He'd periodically pick up a cigarette during stressful times such as traveling (why that is stressful to him, I can't fathom), but I realized that he replaced cigarettes with weed. I knew he smoked weed before, but it became more regular to replace his former cigarette habit. He obviously has an addictive nature. The weed was daily, with contestant breaks from the family to smoke and be by himself. Now that he's quit weed, he's picked up cigarettes again and the pace of cigarettes smoked is quickening... Not to mention the addition of drinking wine or beer every night. I am lost and confused. I don't want to accuse him, but I just don't understand the addictive nature. He seems to constantly need something in order to suppress/control emotions, I assume. The weed was my favorite - though it made him fairly reclusive, he seemed happy and loving. The nicotine seems to allow him to carry conversations but he is distant and emotionally flat. I'm a happy person, fun-loving and this is really giving me grief. I'm living with someone who can't seem to relax with his family - I can see in his demeanor he is counting down the minutes to his next break from us to smoke/drink/play video games. I just want to understand so I can support him and encourage him. I'd like to see him happy and free of addiction.

TLDR: My husband is addicted to various substances all of which seem benign on the surface yet really greatly affect his mood and personality. I want to understand the nature of addiction better, and how to support and encourage him to quit - at least nicotine - without him feeling criticized, attacked or a failure.