Had my first cigarette when I was in grade 6. Started regularly when I was 16. Stopped 16 days ago.

i've tried so many times and I've had partial success, but i keep starting again.  I've done cold turkey, I've done the gum, patches, I've done champix (Canadian name) and Zyban, I've done ecigarettes - the only thing I hadn't tried was Hypnosis and lasers.  I apparently can't be hypnotized and lasers just didn't interest me.

I've had issues with anxiety over the past couple of years and quitting, or even the thought of quitting, just amplified that, so it never got any traction.   I was speaking with my Doctor and he said to me "You're diabetic, you're heavier than you should be, your cholesterol is higher than I'd like it to be and you smoke.  You have a 40% chance of having serious heart problems in the next 5-10 years.  You need to do something about that."

So....I decided to try Zyban again.  I figured that because it was essentially an anti-depressant that it would kill two birds with one stone - help me get over nicotine withdrawal AND maybe help with my anxiety.

I started taking the Zyban and smoked for the full two weeks I was allowed to smoke, and to be honest I wasn't even sure I was ready on my "quit date" but I went out, bought the strongest patch I could find and buckled down and prepared for the standard "ohmygodkillme" period that seems to last forever after you stop smoking....

but that never happened.  I even stopped using the patch after a week, and honestly, it was *fine*.

The combination of Zyban and the patch worked for me.  Has it been painless?  Well no, but the struggle I've dealt with in the past wasn't there.  The little voice that occasionally suggests I have a smoke is just that - little, and not convincing enough.

Who knows how long it will last.  I've learned that - personally - saying "I'm never going to smoke again" is just too final and feels like an obstacle too big to overcome.  I continue to go day by day and I keep myself busy - it seems to help.