Today marks 1 year cigarette free after a 16 year addiction. I figured I should share, since this sub helped me out a lot.

Hi :) if today is your quit day, you picked a good one. The symbology helped strengthen my resolve, declaring my independence from the tobacco companies. 

The first two weeks were the most difficult, it let up just a bit after that. About 2 months later I stopped nic-fitting all the time, it only happened for the hard ones like after dinner or getting in the car. The nic fits only lasted a little while though. 

My vices I used to replace cigarettes: lots of gum, a fidget spinner, and a quit smoking app on my phone. (also food, I've gained 20lbs. It sucks, but that's another battle for another day) 

The app helped just by recording how long it had been, down to the second, since I had my last smoke. Seeing that helped because I knew if I caved that clock would have to go back to 0 and all that time I suffered would be wasted. 

The app's biggest lesson was "Not another puff, no matter what." I repeated that in my head 1,000,000 times. Emphasis on "no matter what" no matter how uncomfortable, no matter what stressers I had to deal with, no. more. smoking.  No matter what. Not even a little, not even half a pull off my brothers cigarette butts. That's what always ruined my attempts before, I would make exceptions and little by little I'd end up back where I was, smoking 1.5 packs a day. 

Anyway, if I can do it, you can too. There was nothing special about me or my story. I just had enough and wanted to change my life. I was feeling like life wasn't worth living if I was just gonna be a slave to that addiction for the rest of it. Thinking like that made it easy for me to walk away and not look back. 

Don't be scared. It sucks for a bit but then you get your life back. It's not hard, when you break it down you just have to say no more, and accept the consequences. 

Much love and good luck. Feel free to comment, I'll reply. Or message me if you want to chat about this.