Need some advice on quitting, sticking to it, and stoping my defeatist mindset. Is the damage already done? Am I fucked up for life? Any unique methods for quitting?

Throwaway because the story I'm about to tell isn't pleasant and I don't want people to know who I am. Tl;dr at end, sorry for the length I just felt the need to explain for context.

I grew up in an abusive household. At the time, one of my cooping mechanisms was to suck my thumb. I did it until 13-15 years old until I couldn't handle the relentless bullying from my parents on how I was " acting like a baby" still. 

Once the thumb sucking stopped I started to ( subconsciously) grind my teeth at night and clench my jaw during the day. Especially during the home abuse, which eventually led to clenching anytime I had stressful encounters. 

This continues on through college, where I had such bad stress and anxiety that I clenched to the point i couldn't unhinge my jaw for even a straw. I had to be prescribed muscle relaxers due to this.

Later I find I have anxiety and get medicated, a few more years later I find that I have ADD ( might have been ADHD but dad was sure to beat the H out of me). I was prescribed some meds which helped a lot.

Now to the actual smoking part. A few years before I got prescribed the anxiety meds I lived with a terrible college roommate who smoked, was self absorbed, and completely just a terrible person all around. She would force her insecurities on to me and make every problem in her life my problem ( ex- "bf broke up with me now I'm going to shower for 4 hours, better be sure no razors in the shower"). 

One day, at 22 I just had a meltdown from her bullshit and bummed a cig from a friend. It wasn't great but it calmed me the fuck down. I slowly eased into the habit. From then on I've quit 4x over a 5 yr period. But each time I quit, the duration of smoke free gets shorter, the smoking period gets longer. 

I need help I've been smoking in total for about 2.5 years, not smoking for the other half. I want to quit for good. I need advice to stop and advice for not using cigs to cope with stress. I go threw a pack every 2-3 days.

My problems with quitting so far have been:

1. I'm scared all the damage had been done already. I'm going to die of lung cancer and there's no point in stoping now.

2. I've tried OTC off brands of nicotine gum, they taste like pepper, make my saliva bright yellow, and upset my stomach to the point where I have to spit all the time ( very messy) and it's not very affective.

3. I'm unable to do cold turkey, I end up just chain smoking at the end of the day. Every time just break down and hate myself after. If you've had success this way please tell me how. I know will power has a lot to do with it and I'll be the first to admit I'm not strong willed here.  How to you ninja fuck your brain into Stfu mode? Again I'm willing to try this method but I'm terrible at implementing it.

4. I've learned to hate this part of myself and it makes me not happy with myself. I feel I'm just a useless piece of shit that lies to everyone about this habit. 

5. My ADD meds make cigs THAT much harder to quit, like I don't even want them if I have had my meds, but an hour after they kick in, I could smoke all day-seriously I could. 

I want to work out again, I've gotten chubby. I have asthma ( yes I know I'm a stupid fucktard) and I can't work out until after a period of time. Basically so a coughing fit at the gym doesn't send me to the ER. I want to stop hiding my habit from my SO. I want to grow old with him and have a family, but smoking is taking years off of my life and I'm just so miserable. I'm going to see a therapist soon, but I want to start yesterday.  


Tl;dr: I grew up abused and developed an oral fixation coupled with anxiety. Later started smoking on and off for 5 years and I lie about it constantly. I'm starting to smoke for longer periods than I quit...I'm on meds that make quitting harder, I've failed at a lot of methods already and I'm kind of in a defeatist mood with this. Any advice, support, or suggestions for not hating myself would be greatly appreciated. Thank you for all who listened to me. It means a lot. 
