Quitting has helped my career a lot.

For background, I smoked 1 to 2 packs a day for about 20 years, starting at age 15.  For the last 15 years or so, I've had corporate office jobs.

These are the kinds of jobs where no one cares if I go outside to smoke or how often I do.  It's about getting stuff done, not which hours of the day my butt is in an office chair.

They're also high stress jobs, and part of the reason I never quit is because I told myself I couldn't deal with the stress of going through that.  They require a lot of intense focus, and I told myself I couldn't deal with going through the period of not being able to focus.  I told myself that if I ever quit, I'd just take a bunch of time off work and do it.  But guess what, I never took a bunch of time off work.  And if I had a week off, well, that was finally my chance to relax, I wasn't going to fuck that up by going through nicotine withdrawal.

But, here's how continuing to smoke started affecting my career negatively anyway.  *Smoking* causes stress.  *Smoking* causes an inability to focus.  It was hard to see because I'd been doing it so long, but I was going through nicotine withdrawal all day, every day.  A half hour or so after smoking a cigarette, I'd start going through mini-withdrawal.  Getting distracted more easily.  Having a hard time holding all of the pieces of a complex problem in my head.  Getting annoyed by noises people make around me.  All of these thing build up and you slap something down on your desk and go outside and smoke one.  The longer you smoke and the more you smoke, the shorter the time between smoking a cigarette and reaching the point where you may as well go outside again because you're not being useful.

I quit on a Saturday.  The following Monday at work I wasn't that useful, but I told people that I had quit, and they were understanding.  Each day after day three is, on average, a little easier than the day before.  After three weeks, you're fully functional.

Now I can focus intensely for a couple of hours at a time, before being thirsty or needing to take a leak distracts me.  It makes a huge difference being able to maintain focus on a single problem for that long.  Now, I'm less frustrated with coworkers and with my office environment.  Less distracted.

I had not been doing awesome for the couple of years before I quit.  Not bad, just not as good as I used to do over most of my career.  These past two years since I quit are night-and-day compared to the previous two.  My work is *much* better, and everyone around me has noticed, and my bosses have rewarded me for it.

The key thing to realize is that, even before you quit, you're going through nicotine withdrawal, and it's affecting you negatively, every day, in ways you might not realize.  And quitting will affect you too, but only for a handful of days, and then it just starts getting better and better.