I need help quitting my addiction to nicotine.

Hi. I just discovered this community and would like some advice. Sorry if I make any faux-pas while posting.  

So I have been smoking cigarettes since the new year started. But before that I vaped. I had started in spring of 2016 and stopped when I got pregnant. Now baby was born and I started vaping again in summer of 2017. I’ve always thought it was a pointless habit but still did it because I love the nicotine buzz. At the end of this year I vowed to quit. New Years comes along and the weirdest thing happened. My husband is a smoker and since I had scratched vaping as an option I decided to go into the garage and smoke the end of his cigarette butt. And before I know it I’m going in the garage several times a day to prey on his not all the way smoked cigarettes. And sometimes I smoke whole ones. I decided it may be better to just keep vaping but I actually prefer the cigarette. And also then I’d be back to square one replacing one habit with another. 

I am 29 years old and my mom died of lung cancer for God’s sake. She would be pissed. She’s probably rolling in her grave. I also have a lump in my thyroid that hasn’t been checked out yet. Why would I start this habit? What in the actual fuck is wrong with me? Every time I do it I lecture myself and promise I will not do it again. But I can’t talk myself out of the cravings. I quit vaping and I can quit smoking before it becomes a years long habit. I actually own the Allen Carr book about quitting smoking. I read his book about drinking and it really did help (I hardly do it anymore) so I have no doubt his book about smoking will help too. But I just feel so defeated about having to read it. I shouldn’t have this problem. I have 3 kids and I quit vaping for #3 but apparently I’m not important enough to myself to cut this shit out for. I have so much else to learn and do. I am busy. I have little free time and having to use it to read this fucking book when I could just QUIT is demoralizing. What is wrong with me?! 

Sorry for the rant, thank you for reading it and please be gentle if you want to reiterate that I am a total idiot for this.  