Round Two

A few months ago my boss stopped me at work and asked if I would accept a proposal. It was "You pay me $1,000 dollars right now, and I buy you cigarettes for the rest of your life." Naturally I had some questions. "I give you $1,000 dollars--one payment--and you give me a lifetime supply of cigarettes?" He responded "Do you think it's a good deal?" I said "Well, how much is a life time supply? I mean, even if you win a life time supply of something it's usually calculated to a finite amount of what is deemed a reasonable life span, or a certain amount every year to not be exceeded. There are stipulations, no?" He said "Well, how much do you smoke?" I replied, "A lot. I guess a pack a day. Sometimes two. More often two than not."

I told him I thought it was a good deal. Even if I quit smoking, a one time payment of $1,000 dollars is a good deal. I could sell the cigarettes and make my investment back in no time, I argued.

He responded "I have a book I want you to read." He emailed me a link to a PDF of the book, and I promised I would read it.

It was called the easy way, or something to that effect.

He told me he quit smoking recently and never felt better. He didn't even want to smoke anymore.

I read the book. I binge read it, all 100 or so pages, over the next day before I went into work. Incidentally, my father happened to be visiting while I was reading it. When I finished the book, I cut my cigarettes in half in front of my wife and told her I was done.

And I was.

Weeks later I was feeling great, accepting the fact that I was a non smoker and feeling really accomplished. This was the longest I had ever gone without smoking a cigarette in my life.

Then it was just one.

And then it was "I just really want one. I don't have to go back to a pack a day."

Then I was smoking twice what I was before.

I decided three days ago after getting Ill and developing coughing fits that I would lay off till I got better. I went a day without smoking. I couldn't think straight at work. I made stupid mistakes. I felt awkward and anxious. I told myself one wouldn't hurt. I can't quit now, my job depends on it.

I just put out the last cigarette in that pack as I wrote this sentence.

I'm not giving up smoking.

I'm regaining control of my life.

