I’ve got nobody else to tell, but I’m proud of myself

I am not and have never been a smoker, but I have had recent struggles with smokeless tobacco. Just wanted to tell everyone that I realized today that I’ve been tobacco/nicotine free since 1/1/19.

I have a childhood buddy who lives in a foreign country. We grew up in and I still live in the US. When he comes home to visit, he always brings weird Scandinavian Snus from Sweden, Norway, Finland, etc. It started as a gag gift, but after a few visits it got to the point where he was bringing what I can only describe as a carton of them (a shrink wrapped roll of 8-10 of them). All of our group would do them together for the nicotine buzz when we were out grabbing beers, but over time he ended up just leaving whatever was leftover with me.

I used to save them for for when I was out drinking, but it’s nicotine and this is a tale as old as time. After a while I started putting a Snus in during a stressful day or at work. I also never bought them at first; I just used the stuff he brought with him until I ran out. Then I bought my own first pack. After that I bought them occasionally justifying it as a temporary thing. My wife knew I’d use the stuff my friend brought into town, but I never really told her that I bought my own. It never really came up I guess, but I’m sure she would have been upset with me because it’s a kind of gross and dangerous habit. 

It wasn’t until the end of last year (after a year or so of this) that I consciously realized that this is isn’t just a small thing, it’s got all the hallmarks of a smoking addiction. I wasn’t just using the things as a fun headbuzz when drinking with friends anymore, I was using them daily and, when I ran out, I was craving them and went straight out to buy more. 

My buddy had come back into town with more Snus in December ‘18, but on January first I threw away all the tins he left after his trip and I haven’t touched the stuff since. It started out hard, but I was in a gas station earlier today, saw the tins, and realized that I haven’t thought about Snus in almost 2 months. It was a good feeling. 

I’ve never really admitted to anyone (wife, friends, family, or really even myself I guess) that I had a nicotine addiction for a while there. Because of that, I don’t really have anyone to tell so I thought I’d write out this post. 

Thanks for reading and good luck to everyone else with their own journey to quit.