526 later I did it again...

Well title says it all. 526 days later I broke my freedom of cigarettes. 

It's kinda a long story but I'm at the laundry mat anyway after my dryer just broke so got some time to waste and stumbled across this sub-reddit.

I am 23, started smoking cigs at 15 and got into drugs shortly after. I was always a shy kid but my 2 best friends brought out the bad in me. Let's call these best friends Matt and Rich. Matt used to steal cigs from his mom and step dad all the time or got his older brother to buy them for him. For about 4 months roughly he tried his hardest to get me to smoke. We both got jobs at one of the movie theaters near by the summer after our freshman year in high school. One day we were both working and got out at the same time. One of our coworkers gave us a ride home. Well on that ride home one of his buddies caught a ride instead of taking the bus. About 10 minutes into our 30ish minute drive I smelt this flavorful aroma going around. This black looking cig I've never seen before. My friend Matt wanted me to try it. He wouldn't tell me what it is. I don't know what but I really wanted to try it, so I did. Come to find out it was a clove, and it was amazing. The flavor was black cherry I think. I loved it so much. Well as the night progresses I end up at his house to hang out. Little did I know a party was about to emerge. Apparently his parents left that day for Florida for a week and his older bro didn't give a shit what we did as long as we didn't break anything or clean up. I have no clue how many people ended up there but lots of people were in and out throughout the night. I did drink before this party but only a few times. I got black out drunk, and that was the night I got hooked on cigs. After that day I was addicted, always trying to bum stogs off people. Kept it secret from my parents some how. They knew Matts parents smoked inside so for years I always smelled like smoke before so it was always my cover for stinking like cigs. Fast forward to high school graduation and by now I was able to buy cigs on my own and was at about half a pack a day. Year or so later in at a pack a day. Now by my 21st bday I was close to 2 packs a day, and that stayed steady for the next 18-20 months. When that time came I had a real bad addiction to ecstasy, molly and daily pot smoker. It was the summer between my 22nd and 23rd bday when my overdose happened. That first 2 months was a giant molly fest. And the night it happened I remember like it was yesterday. I had snorted 5 good size lines, probably .4g's a line, and we were just finishing up a game of beer pong. My friend Matts roommate called me down to his room in the basement to try this real good molly he just got. Little did we know it was cut with meth. Did a real big fat line and that did it. Few minutes later I felt my heart racing, started tweaking real bad and then I blacked out. My friend Matts girl friend only smoked weed and probably was one of the only sober or least fucked up person there at the time. I guess my heart stopped for about 15 seconds. When I came through everyone was standing around me. I had no idea what happened but I was feeling like shit. She helped me to my feet, went to the bathroom and puked for a solid 25 minutes. Everyone clearest out but the people that lived there. She ended up calling her mom who was a nurse at a rehabilitation facility near by. She came over to grab me and took me to the hospital. Got my system all pumped out. Course she called my parents and at the time I was still living at home. Parents tries making me go to rehab but I told them I was done. That experience really fucked with me hard. Didn't do any drugs for about 3 months when my other friend Rich had his 23rd bday. Got all sorts of drunk, smoked some weed and started tweaking out. Think I fucked up my chemical balance after that overdose cause anytime I smoked weed after that, even if it was one hit, I tweaked hard. Now we got good bud, always headies. The last time I smoked was on my 23 rd bday when I was black out. Tweaked probably the worst ever. That next day I went cold turkey on any drugs and cigs. Still drank but never more then 5 beers at most. And now 526 days later here I am. My good friend came back from California, moved out there 5 years ago after high school. Get completely smashed at his welcome back party. Didn't smoke weed or do any other drugs but being that drunk and around everyone but me who smoked cigs, my craving was through the roof. Course my buddy gave me one, which turned into 8 by the end of the night. And now today the day after, I'm regretting it so bad and have such a bad craving now.

Wish that night never happened now. Anytime I smell a cig I have the worst cravings and insanely want to asked a person for one.

Edit;

Forgot to also mention I work as a chef now and the long stressful days are very hard on me. Takes me back to the times when I was younger working at a grocery store. Every second I got to go out a smoke a cigs was wonderful. Now being summer its crazy busy and barley get time to use the bathroom. After work I feel Tue urge to chain smoke a whole pack cause my nerves are shot and I'm just stressed out to the max.