serious and strange adverse reaction to smoking withdrawal after several month of discontinuation

I quit smoking for 10 month, after 13 years of smoking or so since my teens, with 27. My experience is rather strange and I have never heard of such a story, nor the health implications I experienced. 

Please, if you experienced something similar, I would be interested in the details.

This is what happened to me:

I would quit smoking, the first days and weeks were most easy. My blood pressure dropped considerably. I would be absent-minded and couldn't concentrate well. I got a little bit hyperactive. My digestion didn't work as well anymore. It was all not that huge of a deal, considering it supposedly would only last for a few weeks. I would do weight lifting and exercise to get the blood pumping again, being enthusiastic about the gained health benefits. This was the first month or so.

The second and third month, things went more downhill. I had become more stress intolerant, I could expend less and less mental energy on my job in IT to concentrate. In fact the fatigue and concentration issues only increased, and my attempts to push myself out of it became self-defeating. I experienced an increase in anxiety and troubling changes in my thought processes. Those were for example, that I would more and more require to develop ideas and emotions, for the mere purpose of stimulating myself to do anything at all. E.g. I would not be able to go to work, unless I firstly felt considerably afraid of loosing my job. I would not be able to change my eating habits, unless I read some really convincing medical research about substances in the food. I would not be able to do some exercise unless I firstly was afraid of developing blood cloths. And so on and so forth. Things that I did without much thought to it before, just didn't work out unless I made those questionable mental changes in my mind. I was very cautious about having such thoughts, and used it sparsely in lack of other options. 

Eventually though as the month passed, I had no other option but to resort to such emotional pressors. I did cut back a lot on working for my job, since I couldn't even concentrate on it properly as before. My mind was starting to fuzz out, having been very precise and exact to begin with, targeting now not only what I tried to focus on, but many small detail aside that with very distracting magnitude is a less functional way. The way I have been thinking before, made me good at computer programming, and maybe bad at understanding people in return. I pressured myself immensely to finish projects I have agreed to, in the thought I would still have the same capabilities and energy, but I had to abandon them entirely eventually, leaving customers unhappy.

But I had made the decision to quit, so my mind was fixed, rejecting smoking as any kind of solution to any problem in my life. I just denied it entirely, blanked it out. Life would go on in some way without it, I thought. And so I moved forward as best as I could, on whatever road this would lead to.

After the fourth month or so, I was experiencing troublesome physical symptoms. Not only the fatigue and increased need for sleep that became impossible to deny, but also blood vessel changes, mainly in my brain. Those were at the fourth month up to the sixt month, mainly a sort of pressure and pumping sensation, that I associated with an increase in blood flow at first. It felt strange, not particularly right, but also not really dangerous. I thought it would just go away. At the same time, I was experiencing an increase in endurance and strength though in my second job as a furniture mover. I noticed how smoking really had been a daily poisonous limit in that regard, at least if counting on high and long-lasting physical performance. On the other hand, I felt rather debillitated and my usable intelligence really dropped in any imaginable application. Having conversations with people, writing complex computer programs, understanding advanced mathematics, solving problems of any kind, and so on and so forth. I thought I would mentally adapt eventually, but in actuality I was only progressing towards decline. In fact, as I later had to admit to myself, I was on a progressive road of psychological self-destruction, trying to attain the same level of mental alertness and sharpness as before.

I didn't have my thoughts and behaviors as well under control, just wasn't as aware of what I was doing so well. It was a constant state of absent-mindedness. One day I wrote hatemail to the authorities, only later realizing that this could very well result in me being charged by criminal code. I was so intensely afraid of doing wrong for 2 days that I could barely sleep at all. Such a weird loss of control over reasonable and responsible behavior, and such an immense intensity of anxiety over legal prosecution in response, has never happened to me in my life before. Similarly, I would sometimes be afraid from situations of social contact, occupying and puzzling my mind for days. Also sometimes cultural and moral obligations suddenly struck me like lightning, which were basically entirely irrelevant to my life, but affected me immensely emotionally.

After the sevenths month or so, the blood vessel related effects became more and more alarming. When I was still smoking, I would drive fast 30km/h with my bicycle, 20km a day without issues. Now I experienced those blood vessel effects in my brain when riding my bicycle too fast, simultaneously to an increase in anxiety and awareness of danger realting to it. I became really really afraid, that a vessel would just pop in my brain. I had to drive slower, I couldn't physically exert myself as much. In the same fashion, my physical endurance dropped because of the same weakness of blood vessels that made me afraid of having a stroke. But sadly, this was just the beginning of it. With time, the same alarming effect in my brain not only happened on physical exertion, but now also when trying to concentrate intensely on my job in IT. I measured my blood pressure in response, since the blood vessel events would always go along with increased anxiety and fear of imminent danger. The result was very consistently, that when trying to concentrate too hard, I would now experience a 20% rise in blood pressure. While still smoking, my blood pressure would be consistently at 75/135 or so. Now it rose to values as high as 90/145, when trying to attain required mental alertness, accomodated by feelings of hate and frustration. This became very challenging and exhausting, and made it even harder to cope with any task at hand. As I essentially was conditioning myself, to hate it, fail at it and not do it again. Pretty much the same blood pressure related effects happened, when faced with any other challenging situation. E.g. having an argument with a coworker. Not even accounting for my decreased ability to properly comprehend the issue at hand, and form an appropriate response. My mood also got worse, shifting towards aggression and frustration, and my behavior towards coworkers became a whole less friendly. I felt ashamed for myself reacting that way, and became hesitant at everything in reasonable self-doubt. Notice, that this all happened and progressively worsened, the longer I had quit. None of this happened initially the first month or even weeks, but emerged much later.

At the end of the seventh month, I actually dared to ignore the blood vessel effects in my brain and took the risk to just continue just concentrating on my job. Telling myself, it could be a figment of my imagination of sorts, trying to make myself smoke again. Then something actually popped in my brain. I could feel that it was very small, and I could feel much more pronounced where it was located in the tissue for a few seconds. It didn't really cause damage as I perceived it, the vessel was really small and did shut itself immediately. Though it gave me a light headache. I felt somewhat tired and the need to recover from it, the next day it seemed to be more or less ok. This made me very aware, that those sensations do indeed signal danger. I became even more so afraid, trying to avoid them. After this one time, I did experience a vessel pop two times again. I am to date not sure if one of it did actually damage my prefrontal cortex, since it was a larger vessel. Though, that time it happened on nicotine withdrawal many month later. And I really did take a lot of nicotine on a daily basis at that time, I felt it in my whole head that the vessels were weakened and it was pretty stupid to take so much nicotine as it would cause that sort of withdrawal effect. Note that I didn't take any nicotine during those 10 month still.

Another physical symptom I developed at this time was cramps in my legs and sometimes headaches.

The 8th and 9th month, I was in a hopeless situation. I couldn't do my job well anymore, and my attempts to concentrate would only lead to weird physical symptoms and very high emotional discomfort that I could never sustain. I did less exercise and just tried to go the path of least resistance with everything I did, not trying to look entirely incompetent and foolish. I had mentally coped in many suboptimal ways, pressuring myself with natural emotions like fear and social inappropriateness to do tasks. Somewhat being caught in a very depressive apathetic dysfunctional state. 

At this point, I decided that I couldn't continue like this and tried self-medicating myself. Also with nicotine gum, but I didn't want to start smoking again although I tried two cigarettes and decided that it was rather poisonous. The nicotine and another drug called baclofen really got me on the entirely wrong track though. Nicotine removed all physical symptoms though at first .. headaches, leg cramps, blood vessel stuff .. that at sane low dosages. Firstly, the nicotine made me feel energized, really good. In contrast to the emotional state I have been in without it, where I was just caught in being dysfunctional, feeling sad, pathetic and morally obliged to everyone, and without any ability at all to improve my behavior. Suddenly, I could think and do whatever I wanted again. It was such a huge leap in mental power, it felt like jumping from a mentally challenged peasant to a gifted nobleman intellectual. What I didn't realize though was, that I didn't have the same control over this power as before. Before, when still smoking, I would do my job and do my programming, because that was what I decided to do and was conditioned to do over many years. My mind would back then only be concerned with very selected topics of interest, and it would all occur in a well-known and controlled fashion. I would do things out of routine. Now I was a different person, with different thought processes, and the old routines were lost as well. Not smoking changed me over this 10 month, my mind would rather blurrily concern itself with everything and nothing at all - without perceiving or assinging any real in-depth meaning or relevance to it. I would not really feel the need to do my job, because I was essentially too disabled to do it, and only did as much as I could affort to my mental health. What then happened was, in combination with the drug baclofen that I was also using and which removed fear, that this mental power went absolutely everywhere. I tried to make sense of anything and everything with such extreme strength to it, I couldn't even sanely handle it. Eventually this lead to nicotine overuse and me getting sort of nuts and ending up in psychiatry. It just blew my mind, like pouring a can of gasoline into a small dying flame. Suddenly, all the fuzzy thoughts and ideas I had developed while not smoking, developed extreme detail and extreme meaning. All the implications of the fears I created to pressure myself became amplified. My psyche was fueled so much it was overexpanding much too fast and overwhelming me emotionally.

Well then, using too much nicotine for month, and getting really bad symptoms of narrowed blood vessels and such, I decided that smoking cigarettes like I did all those years instead, was the sanest way to deal with the situation. I couldn't live without nicotine, without being a mentally challenged and hopelessly apathetic creature, as I had learned the hard way. But also nicotine was a poor replacement for tobacco, and rather dangerous at doses that paralleled cigarettes in subjective benefits on mood and motivation, disregarding focus and concentration.

And now I'm still at smoking again, destroying my physical health with it maybe, but taking quite a lot of drugs and supplements to counteract it. I have the mental energy to exercise again, and I do tolerate moderate exercise well. Which at least for now is much more worth than simply not smoking, and being apathetic in return. I think, if I ever manage to, I could quit smoking with nicotine and ritalin as a substitute. Still I wonder, who would I have become without this drug.