Just passed 100 days, Thanks to all Reddit stopsmoking folks.

          After smoking for almost 20 years with the last 10 years at almost a pack a day on average. I finally feel like I have kicked the habit. There will still be many struggles I am sure as it still comes up on a weekly basis however the urges are easily shrugged away. 

          Since quitting I have been through a downslope with my company due to economy with many stresses as well as a recent non related surgery which gave me ample free time with idle hands during recovery. All instances "Not one more puff no matter what". Over the last 10 years I have tried to quite about once a year, as I was smoking it was always on my mind. "I need to quite and what happens if tomorrow I come down with a major illness due to this disgusting habit". 

What makes this time different then the other 10. 

#1 - I can say I wasn't ready. I always had the thinking that i'll try but in the back of my mind wasn't worried about not succeeding. I always thought I would get myself to a point where I would only smoke on those business trips away from home or on the golf course or.......... This is a major red flag that I was not ready. 

#2 - I always tried to quit with a nicotine supplement, Chantix, Zyban, Nicorette gum, Thrive Nicotine mints, The patch, Vaping etc. etc. All the power to you if you can quite on one of these. However from my experience you are only avoiding the inevitable cold turkey that has to come at some point to finally end the nicotine cravings.

#3 - I took to places like this site Reddit stopsmoking and the people and stories on here. I must say thanks to you all for taking the time to share and to respond and help others. although this is my first post I have read many, many of your stories over the last 100 days and they have been a big help in staying quite. 

       What I have to leave for my tidbit of encouragement to all of those on day 7, 14, 30, 60 etc. It continues to get easier. I won't lie and say that after 100 days you are cured of the addiction and all is fine but it is night and day compared to the first month and increasingly better since day 60. Keep on it and rid yourself of this habit.

One last funny point is I read people talking about how they wake up in the middle of the night craving a smoke. At this point the main thing that wakes me up in the night is after having a dream that I did smoke. I wake up and am so pissed at myself until I realise that it was only a dream. Again "Not one more puff no matter what". Anything your mind is telling you for reasons why you should is all a trick. None are good reasons. Thanks again to all and keep it up!
 