I need to help me and dad

Heyy. Just a little info, I’m 15 and now on a summer vacation. Dad have been a smoker for over like 40 years? He tells that he started smoking in the ago of 11 and he started bc he was curious and just wanted to see how it feels like. And he tells that his uncle would give him cigarettes for free which always seemed mad and frustrating to me. He said that he was going on and off smoking without getting caught till he was 16 and smoked with his friends once and came home late and his dad found out. Grandpa used to be an addict (alcohol,smoking etc) and took it very seriously that night that he didn’t let him be in the house that night (my dad was sleeping “on the streets for only like one week). He kept on smoking regularly till now. At the age of maybe 38 he found out he has pancreatitis and since then he “wasn’t smoking. He told nobody but he was smoking alone everyday for about one year and a half alone or at work without anybody from family or close friends know. I remember I found out when he once came home and he smelled like cigarettes and saw the pack of cigarettes in his bedroom. I didn’t tell him anything bc I was afraid he would get mad. He started smoking in front of us and we found out.  It’s been like one year  that he’s fully smoking. And probably big time, he smokes pretty a lot, about a pack a day (considering he needs to smoke nothing). We always try to tell him he needs to stop but Common why would he listen to us. A month ago I had a pretty shit week going. And just like everyday sat outside and read a book and listen to some music at midnight. I saw the pack of cigs on my side and felt like I need this and took one. It wasn’t very satisfying so I took three more. I felt very loose (and also dizzy and had some nausea and stomach aches) and it felt good somehow. The next day I kept on smoking (taking/stealing my dads cigarettes of course) he never noticed a thing. Now we’re on a family vacation and we’re in a town where it’s pretty easy to get everything at every age. I got some a few days ago and got a new brand (bc u know I need some change). I feel very good when smoking and it’s so ironic. How I wanted my dad to stop and now I’m copying him. No one found out( except for like 2 people). And that’s it. Mom and dad don’t know bc I know how they’ll be disappointed. I know how much it’s harmful but I don’t feel “well” when I don’t do it. I want and don’t want to stop at the same time. I didn’t start it bc I felt any pressure at any kind(all my friends are nerds nobody smokes) and idk if I did it bc maybe I saw all my friends at work doing it (they are above 18) and maybe felt like I need to do it? I’m thinking it’s maybe bc I just wanted to copy my dad? I honestly don’t know and I don’t think it really matters.