I need to support my SO to quit smoking but dont know how

SO is 44 and has been a heavy smoked for 20+ years. He smokes Marlboro reds and sometimes goes through a pack and a half a day. 

When I was pregnant he was so determined to quit smoking, he even took it upon himself to go to the dr and was prescribed Chantix. 3 weeks before baby was born, he hung himself and nearly died. The dr told me some side effects of chantix are suicidal thoughts. I partly blame myself for this for not noticing potential signs of suicidal thoughts. Noone noticed. To add, I have attempted suicide so I thought I would recognize the signs. I was blindsided and devastated for him. He must have felt so alone. This incident has made him weary of prescriptions to quit smoking. 

He continued smoking after and tried quitting 3 more times in the past 4 years using different methods. I bought him a vape and gave plenty of encouragement. Each time he did well but eventually the habit took full control. 

Last Friday he awoke with major chest pains and went to the ER. He was given nitro several times throughout the night while several blood tests were taken each hour to measure troponin. Nornal levels are about .05.

Following info is from memory,
In 1 hour it was 1. 

In 2 hours it was 2. 

Cath procedure was scheduled within hours. It was found that his artery was 99% clogged. Stint was placed, he stayed in ICU.

This was a wake up call and I feel he is taking quitting smoking much more seriously. He has cut back and I am proud of him. I made him download a app called Quit Tracked so he is able to visually see his results. 

I express to him regularly that even if it is just 1 cigarette less a day, he should be proud and I am proud as well. 

Of course, to be expected, he is having trouble. My question is what can I do on my part to support him during this time? He has used nicotine gum and patches in the past fhaf did not work. I believe that the actual a t of smoking affects the urges more. Also, he told me the other day that while waiting for his crane to be maintenance, he smoked more than usual. Maybe because of boredom or impatience? 

Any advice on what I can do to help and support him would be greatly appreciated. I am scared of losing him and frequently stop to listen to his breathing bc I am so paranoid of losing him. I have suggested a device I found that is worn during the night that will notify me of lowering oxygen rate. My kids and I need him. We will be devastated if he left us or his conditioned worsened. 

Side note: he smokes 100's, would if half him to start substituting with lights? 

Side note 2: he feels that snacking will help distract his mind from smoking as it mimics the action.

Side note 3: we have completely revamped our families diet to all heart healthy meals and snacks to aid with the heart problem.

Side note 4: feel free to include your journey to success as it may give him hope. 

I am posting this late at night so will read potential comments tomorrow. 

Thank you for reading. 