Reflecting on my addiction - on letting go psychologically being harder than the physical

It's been almost five months since my last cigarette, and in the preceding seven months, I only smoked one pack in total. In the years leading up to last winter, I had smoked as a terrible emotional crutch. I was never a "heavy" smoker, but a few packs a week was too much, and I used it in the worst way - coping. 

When I look back on my smoking now, I remember being extremely defensive of the habit. I'd get furious at any anti-smoking message, any friend or relative who brought it up, any suggestion from a doctor or anyone that I should think about quitting or cutting back. I was just filled with rage at the threat to my comfort measure, incapable of discussing it rationally. But because I never generally smoked a pack a day, I never considered myself addicted. 

My first cigarette was given to me by the first man I ever slept with, when I was 18. Those two activities became entangled in my psyche in how much I sought approval and love from others. He wanted no part of me after he got what he wanted, and at first, smoking made me feel closer to him after he left - if not him in particular, closer to people like him, closer to the people I wanted to love me. I was young and alone and naive and lighting up a cigarette made me feel callous and cool and mysterious like dudes like him, and it made me feel like somebody might want me. I had no explanation why. I just wanted to be like that so someone would want me like I'd wanted his attention. 

I lacked even the barest shred of self-worth, and often felt like an easy target for ridicule. People didn't generally put me down, but I felt vulnerable, because I put myself down so much. When I was out in public spaces, I felt like a fat, homely, nerdy, socially non-functional weirdo, too emotional and too sensitive and spineless, and after I learned how to smoke from some tough-guy jerk, I found out that the movie stereotypes were true: smoking made me feel cool. It made me feel tough and cool and like I didn't care about anything. It became my shield. Smoking in public was a big middle finger, a clenched fist, an invincible poker face to the world. I hide behind my cigarettes for years. 

And eventually, they became my closest friends. I went through some hard times in my life after that, depending too much on drink and smoke and sex and junk food to give me enough highs to get through it. And all that time, cigarettes didn't judge me. They didn't tell me no, they didn't reject me, they didn't make snide comments or put me down or fail to answer my calls. They were just there. Steady and reliable. All the time. 

When I went through a relationship that was full of dishonesty and manipulation, and I was left feeling devastated and paranoid all the time, I remember spending so many nights chainsmoking on his porch, when he didn't come home, just smoking in a self-soothing ritual from the minute he left until the sun came up in the morning. I'd make myself so sick. 

When my dad died, I would go smoke on my parents' porch, a moment to get away from the enormity of what happened, a way to stop time for ten or fifteen minutes, to delay a few minutes of the earth turning and life happening without him in it. 

I got so dependent on cigarettes to get through anything that tried me emotionally - insecurity, grief, fear, stress, sadness. But because I didn't feel physical cravings in the way I expected to, I dangerously never thought I was addicted. 

But here's the truth: the cigarettes were NOT my friends. And my smoking was TERRIBLE for me. 

I have really weak lungs and a complicated history of respiratory problems. I get chronic lung infections and I have terrible asthma. My family has a HUGE incidence of lung cancer on both sides. My smoking would probably have one day killed me, or at least majorly impacted my quality of life by making my breathing a struggle. 

And the terrible irony of it all - those cigarettes that I thought made me look cool and aloof made me make a fool of myself. They gave me a goddamn asthma attack every time. I'd always inevitably start coughing and wheezing so much that people around me would ask if it was my first cigarette. 

Here's an un-glamorous embarrassing detail to help you quit: my cough got so bad that I'd cough so hard I'd urinate a little. It got so bad that I started having to bring pads everywhere and put them on to go outside and smoke. I was an insecure, overly sensitive, socially awkward girl trying to look tough by choking half to death on cigarettes multiple times a day while secretly peeing a little - for seven years. Gross. 

I was a fool and I looked like one, and I wasted time and money, hurt my body, spent too much energy stressing over my next smoke, aggravated my anxiety condition with nicotine, and alienated people close to me for challenging my addiction. I'd even get out of bed in the middle of the night, from my current partner who I love, and secretly drive away from home just to smoke cigarettes in the early hours of the morning, and then come home and try to wash the smell off and come back to bed without waking him up. I wanted my little coping mechanism that badly. 

I wish I could say what finally got me to quit. I wish I could claim that thing was a huge moving epiphany. I think it was more likely a combination of general exhaustion, low funds, and a winter too bitter cold to go outside. So I'm sorry if I'm no help in quitting. But here's what I found happened after I stopped:

I have so much more time now. The ten to fifteen it always took to smoke the thing was only part of the equation, it was the planning and the restocking and the finding a good spot to light up that took up so much time. I missed so much of my friends' shows that they played, parties that they threw, dates that I cut off early so I could smoke without them smelling my breath. Now I can really sit back and enjoy everything without obsessively planning my next break. 

Also, my anxiety has improved a lot. Without the rush of nicotine complicating every panic attack and every depressive crash, I feel more steady emotionally and less subject to the whims of my chemicals. I sleep much, much better. I wake up with no pressure to grab the lighter and walk outside. 

I talk my problems out instead of running away to smoke. I don't have a built-in escape anymore. I'm no longer always running out for smokes when my life becomes too overwhelming. I deal with my feelings, I set my boundaries, I ask for what I need, and I listen to other people without running. My relationship has improved. I'm a better partner now. Steadier. More reliable. 

Not to mention that I can smell and taste better, I don't get winded as much, fewer palpitations, healthier skin, and all those things I already knew I'd be getting in exchange. 

Cigarettes are not your friends. They're not your lovers. They cannot get you friends or lovers. They can't substitute for actually dealing with who you are and how you feel. They can't be the ritual that gets you through the night. They're only going to make it worse and could someday take everything from you as payment. 

I feel way, way healthier now. I still need to work on my drinking, my eating, and my insecurities, but I can take down one demon at a time. 

Oh, and I have zero cravings anymore. I don't think I could finish a cigarette if offered one. A year ago I would have walked out of the room at the very suggestion of giving them up so thoroughly. Now, I don't think about them at all. It can happen. Your journey may be way longer - I was lucky - but you can get here. You're still you without them. You're MORE of you without them. 