This is going to be a long story, and I appreciate you if you read it: I've decided it ends today.

I'm woman in my mid-twenties who has smoked on and off since I was 18, and while my cigarette consumption was never extremely high, it had been steadily increasing over the last two years, escalating from an occasional indulgence to something I was doing anytime I was nervous, or bored, or sleepless, or hungry, or drunk. And I'm frequently one of those things. 

I've had plenty of people encourage me to quit smoking. I mean who hasn't? My friends and family have always said, when the issue comes up, that they don't want me to damage myself by keeping with this. But I became immune to those kinds of comments. What of it, I used to think, so what if I do? It's my body, my business, and only I'll have to suffer the consequences. Only me. Alone. No one else. 

I went through a period of my life where I made myself so alone and isolated that it really did feel like no one else would suffer for my choices. I was slowly but surely digging my grave in this and many other ways, with risky behavior that didn't make me happy. I sort of pulled myself out of that dark place, but I held on to this, to smoking, and to the idea of being alone. 

But then I met somebody. I'm in love with a man now. That's not the reason I'm quitting - I'll get to that. When we first started dating, he told me that he'd never ask me to change or try to pressure me, but he hated that I smoked because he didn't want me go through the pain of the consequences later. Because he cared about me. His mom, I guess, is going through something like that because of her long-time smoking. I tried to be sensitive to that, but I was still being a defensive asshole and got ornery during that conversation. He said he didn't want me to end up killing myself, and I said, "Why? Most likely, you won't be the one putting me in the ground."

That's an awful thing to say to somebody you're trying to build a relationship with. He looked at me sadly and just shook his head and said "You don't understand." And I didn't understand, but now I think I do. 

Some time went by since that conversation, and this weekend, we got into a very deep discussion of our pasts after going out late last night (wherein I had more cigarettes than I intended, and my lungs were rebelling, hacking and wheezing in the car on the way home, but that doesn't matter right now). He referenced going through something really hard a few years ago, and I asked him about it. He deflected. I am a dick, so I pushed the issue, without trying to look like I was pushing it, too curious for my own good, not realizing what I was poking and prodding. 

"I had a girlfriend and she died."

I don't even know how to tell you how sorry I felt for my self-righteousness and sense of entitlement and my carelessness. I collapsed into apologies and held him and tried to be gentle with everything that still hurt him. I'd done damage, though, by bringing it up. I'd done damage by being selfish, in that conversation and so many others. I'd done the most damage years ago, when I decided I wasn't accountable to anyone and that my choices only affected me. 

See, this girlfriend he had didn't die of anything related to smoking. It wasn't as direct a connection as that. But choices were made, by a lot of people, that led to her death, and so the man I love has already had to put somebody he loved in the ground. And realizing that made me feel sick. He and I might not work out in the long run, sure, we might not be together for the rest of our lives, but what if we are? What if we did? And if it isn't him, it might be someone else, and all my family and my friends who have to bury me. I'm *not* alone. I never was. My choices *do* affect other people. It is absolutely their business, they are my business, we are all responsible to each other. And I looked at him, this person who I love more than I ever possibly imagined, who has hurt more than I could ever imagine, and I thought about all the ways I'd been subtly trying to kill myself for the last several years and I thought "Not twice. Not to him. He will *not* bury me." 

I stood up and ripped my pack of cigarettes into shreds. He was alarmed by the sudden movement and tried to calm me down, telling me it was ok, and I just kept telling him "I know it is. I know it's ok. It's going to be ok." I destroyed that pack of cigarettes and threw it away. I am not going to make anyone I love lose someone they love because I can't be bothered to love myself. Not anyone. But especially not twice. Not him. 

That was last night. Today he's left to go do what he has to do today, and I won't see him for a few days. I feel so sick at myself over what happened to him and what happened between us and what I've done that I already perversely have the urge to smoke again. My body is screaming for it. My mind wants peace and solitude and ritual and comfort, all those things that smoking provides me. But I won't do it. I can't do it. I have smoked my last. 

Thank you to anyone who bothered to read this whole thing - any support means a lot to me, because I know this is a choice I have to make not only today, but all the time, every day, forever, and it's not always going to be easy and sometimes my conviction will wane and I will need encouragement. I just wanted to share the moment I turned a new leaf and realized my responsibility to my loved ones. I hope somehow it counts for something, to somebody, anybody. 