Day 0

I just created my first ever Reddit account to post here (I've lurked in the porny subs for a couple years, but never explored support groups).

What can I say, I feel incredibly depressed right now. All I can think about is this shit feeling like I need to go back outside. Yesterday I finished a pack at about 2:45, which is pretty close to the cutoff where I can stop and wash my face, brush my teeth, and listerine in time to not raise suspicion when I get home from work. For the past couple days my mantra has been "may I feel unencumbered" by the anxiety of having smoked, and feeling like I had to lie about it again, like I have had to every in-office day for the past two months (since my current relapse started). Unencumbered. 

I feel so weak in the morning - some mornings it feels like the most obvious foregone conclusion that "you are going to buy smokes and coffee at the gas station and chain 3-4 of them before your train". I realized this morning that the day that I stop is going to feel exactly the same as every other day - that I'm going to have the same urge, and feel the same weakness, the same foreboding and acceptance. This realization did not help me stop today.

A couple hours ago I clicked on [this post](http://www.reddit.com/r/stopsmoking/comments/3ae0w7/great_article_about_withdrawal_and_depression/?ref=share&ref_source=link) below, and it was, well it wasn't encouraging, but it hit home. As I said before, I'd never been to this sub before today, something just made me think "I wonder what stop-smoking subs there are". I don't really have a question or a comment, I am just really, truly sad today. We are expecting our first kid in a few months, and this needs to stop, I just can't make it happen. 

We're netflixing Mad Men right now, an episode a night. The wife has watched it all the way through, I had only seen random episodes throughout the run. Last night we watched the episode in S2 where a guy in Betty's riding class professes his infatuation with her, and how she is just "so sad". She turns him down, and lights up while walking away, her hands shaking. At the end of the episode, she is crying because she is happy - my wife pointed out "Betty gets happy when she's sad, and sad when she's happy". Pretty much. There is also a scene when Don gets home after [at least making out with, probably fucking] a near stranger in his car during a hailstorm, and immediately, furiously, washes his hands and face in the kitchen sink while his family is sitting at dinner. Smokes are my mistress, and I don't want to be that kind of dad.

So anyway, this is my Day 0. Tomorrow is the weekend, so I won't be smoking, but I can't make the promise that tomorrow is a Day 1. I wish I was that strong. 