Did everything always smell this bad?

I quit smoking about 3-4 months ago after 13 long years at a pack a day. It wasn't easy, but I did it. I'm still tempted a little bit every day and have been super close to giving in on multiple occasions, yet here I am, still smoke-free. When I first quit, I was reading up on some of the direct physical benefits of quitting to help keep me motivated. Like, after a week your blood pressure decreases, after a month, your risk of heart attack decreases, etc., etc. Well, one of the pros was that your sense of taste and smell come back. 

I hadn't realized until today how much these senses had been muted over the past 13 years, smell especially. Of course they hadn't left entirely, but now I realize that at least my sense of smell had been significantly impacted. It was a rainy day here in Atlanta. I walked up the street to pick a bottle of wine for my boyfriend and me tonight. (Drinking without smoking, that's still a bummer.) The rain and the heat seemed to stir up a whirlwind of distantly familiar, yet foul odors of the city. Wet grass, a sewer system likely in need of structural repairs, steaming asphalt, and motor fumes all swirling together in an assault on my nostrils. It was an almost synesthetic experience, as though I could see the cartoon stink lines wriggling up from the world. If smell had a volume, this would have been a sonic boom. I hadn't realized this beautifully green city that I've called home for nearly half my life now stank so god damn bad.

I have noticed a lot of positive benefits in these past few months of being smoke-free. I wake up so much easier in the morning. That bizarre mixture of morning lethargy and nicotine urgency is no longer there. My lung capacity is way up, and I can run significant distances without huffing and puffing the whole way. My extremities are no longer the permanent icicles that poor circulation had turned them into. Haven't noticed too much of a difference in taste yet, but for all the immediate physical benefits I've garnered each weak I've not succumbed to cigarettes, getting back my full sense of smell has been less than satisfactory. And now walking past other people smoking fucking smells. I smell them and feel embarrassed that other people smelled me reeking like an ashtray all those years.

Anyone else regretting getting their sense of smell back? Ok, I can't say I completely regret it, but today I was not loving it.