I think it's time for me to quit.

I'm not going to lie, smoking has been pretty decent to me in the last year and a half. Kind of. The only complaint I have is that, smoking has been the second biggest expense in my financial situation since even beginning. I began smoking as a way to cope with losing my mom in October 2016. I feel like I've moved on recently, and I think to further solidify that, I must quit smoking for good. No more taking wads of $5s, $10s and a few $20s just to go and buy pouches of tobacco, and cigarette tubes. Yes, I took a traditional path towards smoking like my dad, but he recently quit as well. He used to buy pouches and tubes as well to make his own cigarettes. I always thought that was interesting. It was certainly cheaper than packs, that's for sure. But I found that buying pouches in multiples was getting to be a bit too much on my wallet. It'd be nice for me on my next pay to just buy a little bit of groceries, after paying some things up, and reeling in the extra few dollars from not having to buy cigarette tubes and pouches. That'll be a major thing for me, for sure.

Before losing my mom, I was quite academic. I took a genuine interest in the program I was taking at a college for Information Technology. The night I lost her, everything crumbled. The same week losing her, I had found out my bank information was compromised. Someone had tried to use my card, which I had lost at the time, and withdrew $1,900 successfully just the one time. Another example was, the next time they tried doing $2,000. They failed in withdrawing $2,000 the next time. I had closed the account since then, but as a result I then owed $1,200 or more to the bank. I can answer more about this if anyone is curious. It's not that complicated, but it took a while for me to understand this as it was my first bank account.

Losing my mom and having to deal with someone stealing from me when at the time I lost my debit card, was tough on me. Mentally. Emotionally, it felt like someone took a razor sharp knife and ran it through me clean, and twist the knife to emphasize the pain more. Through-out that entire week, I was in a haze. My entire thought process was like, "what in the actual fuck is going on with life?!".

But... I call that week of losing my mom and losing my bank account 'The Dark Week'. Onward.

It's been a long road coming back from that. Things are definitely different now. I feel mentally stronger, more mature, emotionally. I say that, "more mature, emotionally", because I had recently got into an argument with my sister and she pretty much has made herself look kind of ditzy in my opinion, and quite frankly, 'off'. I won't bother getting into that as it's really not important.  

But I am truly grateful to live each day on and on. I am certainly more grateful to have the opportunity, the choice of my own, to quit a habit of which I've been meaning to quit for a while now, because starting a habit like this was not a smart way to cope with the death of a loved one. I know that now.

I had lost quite a bit, but I feel like something much newer, much better is on the horizon for me (excuse the corniness). Things could get a whole lot better for me soon.

****

If you've made this it this far to the end, thank you very much! I felt the need to get that all off my chest. Tips? Any helpful information to help?