I'm really sick because I smoked 5 cigarettes

About a year ago I quit smoking a pack a day, cold turkey, with no problem. I had tried to quit multiple times before but never really lasted more than a couple months at most, but a particularly traumatic incident made it so that I quit smoking cigarettes with zero problem. 

However I love the smell and taste of cigarettes, and here or there at the bar or something I might smoke a single cigarette. And every time, I get a little sick the next day and regret it terribly, it's a lesson I have to be forced to keep relearning. 

I've never bought a pack or anything, I don't think I've ever 'relapsed' even though I have a cigarette once a month, it's more of a social cigarette that I don't really inhale.

I've really gotten in touch with my body over the last year as I quit smoking and picked up health and fitness really hard. It's really odd to think that at one time, I was *so* out of touch with my body that I'd smoke a whole pack a day and just shred my lungs and throat and not even feel it. 

Now, if I even spend more than 30 minutes at a smoking bar on a busy night or smoke a single cigarette, I get sick, which kinda smokes because all my favorite places allow smoking inside the venue.

Anyways, yesterday I smoked 5 cigarettes. I've never smoked more than a single cigarette on a day since I quit, I just kinda partied really hard and was around it a lot and didn't think much of it. But now I'm short on breath really bad, I keep coughing every 5 minutes, and I can never get a single sentence out without having to take a break because I start wheezing and coughing so badly. I just had really bad judgement and well it looks cool and maybe I was trying a little too hard to fit in.

**TLDR** My throat and lungs hurt and I'm extremely sick after smoking 5 cigarettes after not smoking for a year because I'm much more in touch with my body. What kind of medication or food or drink would be best to help heal my throat and lungs?

