69 days and the confusion

I have been smoking for 10 years and tried several times to quit before without any real commitment. I would usually light one as soon as I felt like smoking. I never felt the real need to quit. I am an engineer, my mother is a physician who is specialized on lungs, she walked me through hospital corridors just so I could see what happens if I continued. My father has smoked for years before he quit, he continues to smoke cigars but never with inhaling. Nothing, nothing, really pushed me to the edge.

The days leading to the time I quit were very stressful and were built on deadlines and deliveries, I usually did not have time for a break yet alone relaxation but I always found myself losing focus, feeling the need of taking a break. I was really disturbed that I was not in control of my own thoughts and feelings. I felt that I was observer of my life, and thought like "things are happening around me". I am very well read. I always felt that I was the way I am and accepted it. What triggered me was, I wanted to prove to myself that I can do anything and my mind is all powerful. I would want to control every little thought on that mind and create a brand new field, a brand new layer-software jargon- of control so that I could optimize my life.

I developed some new habits to cope with not smoking. First off, I started reading twice the normal amount, stopped watching anything completely, even whilst dinners, only GoT and True Det with GF(she wasnt supportive or making it hard form me btw, she was missing most of the days, working). I started to keep water in reach, every second of the day. I would drink hlaf a glass everytime I thought of lighting one and drank even more.

After 69 days now, I believe I would be able to quit a second time if I started again. I always thought that I was just giving a break of smoking. I wanted to prove myself something and I did. 

First off, smoking is stupid. You get a high feeling and you hurt yourself. I am usually joyful enough, I don't need this. 

How ever, it started to feel as if it would be harder to quit the second time and I feel like I am scared of smoking again and I don't like to be scared of anything. The reason should be obvious to everyone, if you are scared of something you do not have the choice to control it and my initial motivation to quit is not satisfied.

I would really appriciate some support on this issue right now.. If nothing, have you ever smoked intentionally just to show yourself you are done with this shit? 

edit: I just remembered, I had triggers for cigarettes like alcohol, coffee, sex, designing, gazing to a nice view, pretty much everything that has a time span for emphasis on teenage coolness. I specifically tried each one of them to see if they would set me off, I beat some of them with ease, some of them with help of water. Is this "beat" term suitable? Does this term conceal something, I feel like it does. Can't really decrypt this that easily... Want to make sure I have the right motivation to be doing this. So that I can be rid of it truly.

edit2: I went cold turkey while quitting. I was thinking I could try nicotine patches to simulate the feeling but then again this sounds like extinction burst :)

please someone hold me and say that I am a good boy or something and that I should let go of this :)

ok guys I think I found the problem here again. I feel as bad as I smoked now as I lost control over the desire to smoke. I will restart the badge now. Thanks