I tried to drown my mental illnesses with smoking for 6 years. Today is the first day I make the last step of my recovery. Today I QUIT.

I started smoking 6 years ago as a way to cope with pain.

I've been through anorexia, depression and an abussive relationship that psychologically destroyed me. Ever since I was 17 years I have felt like a trash can, like someone who didn't deserve to be alive. I don't even know how I've managed to survive countless of sucidal thoughts. Damn, I struggled so much with anxiety that I neglected almost all of my friends and family to the point where I was so lonely it hurt.

Three years ago I finally reached to my mother and asked for help. I don't really know why I did it but something just clicked in my mind, and I could only hear my true self screaming to me: I WANNA LIVE. 

It was then when my mental and physical rehab started. It started by small things like reorganizing my wardrobe or setting a list of hobbies to get to know myself better. I enrolled to a gym and have been faithful to daily workouts since then. I also took care of my diet and even became plant-based. I set a day every week as my "personal day" where I only worry about my own well being. I finished my studies with good grades and now, at 24 yo, I have a job that makes me happy in a beautiful tropical country close to the nature, and surrounded by amazing friends. It has been so hard but definetely worth it. I never thought I could experiment the meaning of "happiness" ! :)

There's only one problem left. I still smoke 5 rolled cigs per day, and around 10 every Saturday when I join my friends to party. Everytime I light one, I can feel my demons taking control of myself. It is the last string that keeps me tied to the darkness. When I smoke I feel so depressed and dirty. It makes me hate myself so much for harming my own body, the one I fought so much to keep alive...

So that's why today I QUIT ! Yes, today I finally choose to fully love myself and to enjoy my life to the fullest. I decided to write this so I could get it out of my chest, and I feel so much better now that I let it out ! :) 

To any of you out there who are still suffering: YOU ARE NOT ALONE &lt;3 It takes time, it takes patience and hardwork, but you can do it if you have faith in yourself !

&amp;#x200B;

PD: Sorry for my bad english.