Almost 7 months!

I quit smoking near the end of February this year. For everyone who needs a light at the end of the tunnel; **IT GETS WAAAAAAAAAY EASIER!** I sometimes for a moment think I would like one while I am drinking with my buddies who mostly smoke, but I don't get that painful craving at all. 

Your mind gets used to saying ''no, stop thinking about this crap'' and the urge pretty much goes away. 

When I quit, I had to give up drinking for about 6 weeks, because I was worried it would lessen my will power, but now I'm fully able to enjoy myself even if there are smokers around. 

Just a couple of tips that worked for me:

No smoking means no smoking. No 'just this one to get me through the day' it just puts you through another round of withdrawal.

If you do break, it doesn't mean you are a smoker again, it means you slipped up. Throw the pack away or give it to a homeless person. You just wasted a few dollars, but that's ok. If you had been clean for a week before that, it means you smoked at least 100 less cigarettes. 

Isolate yourself from other smokers for the first week, if this is impossible, tell the other smokers not to give you one, make them promise (it might encourage them too).

Set a date in advance and cut yourself down to a few cigarettes a day. I think it helped me that I had been having about 5 cigs a day for 4 days before I stopped.

Once you make it through week one; in moments of desperation you can focus on how shitty it would be to go through withdrawal again. 

Ask yourself ''Am I going to smoke forever?'' If the answer is 'no' you have to quit sometime.

I've saved over $**2**,000 already. I was a heavy smoker and they cost me $10 a pack (bought by the carton to save money but it probably caused me to smoke more). $3,000 was a semester of tuition for me. I could have paid my student loan of in 2 years instead of 4 if I hadn't been a smoker. 

Wooing members of the opposite sex becomes easier. You aren't trying to hide ciggy breathe and no rivals will swoop in when you are out for one. 

Best of luck to those who are trying to quit. There are few things in life we actually deserve, but not inhaling smoke every day is one of them.

Edit: changed 3000 to 2000

Also, I smoked for 11 years. I'm 28. I went cold turkey.