I Just Dawned on me How Bizarre Smoking Actually Is

[Wall of Text]
I live with my mother, who is a smoker, and has made a habit of leaving packs with one or two cigarettes in them on the kitchen counter to save them for when she gets home from work so she doesn't have to go back out if she runs out.

So I was cleaning up after making breakfast and I found one of these lone cigarettes and I became instantly *fascinated* with it. I can honestly say I had absolutely no intention of smoking it (there was a lighter in my pocket at the time), I was just intensely curious as to the why of smoking. I took it out of the pack and began to handle the cigarette as a normal smoker would, absolutely baffled by it.

71 days is a long time, poignantly illustrated by the fact that the once ubiquitous cigarette felt absolutely foreign in my fingers; the muscle memory trained over five years seems to have mostly faded. I smelled the tobacco and the paper, and I was pleasantly disgusted by its artificial, chemical pall. Why would anyone inhale these, I thought to myself?

Then I remembered that over the years, the cigarette had become an indispensable part of my self-image; whenever I pictured myself in the future, I was smoking. So I went into the bathroom, jammed the butt between my lips and stared into the mirror.

A total loser looked back at me, with an unlit cigarette hanging out of his mouth. At one time it was once a symbol of youth, rebelliousness, spontaneity and adulthood. Now, the mouth with the cigarette in it may have well been screaming, "I am incapable and/or unwilling to take care of myself. I believe that this cigarette is the only thing holding my life together. I am an addict and I will make excuses." I advertised this to the world for five years.

I took one drag on the unlit cigarette and my mouth filled with the terrible taste of chemicals and stale tobacco. I can only imagine who disgusting I smelled when a half a pack's worth of smoke was clinging to me. I immediately noticed how difficult it actually is to smoke a cigarette; smokers put a whole lot of effort into suffocating themselves.

I went back into the kitchen and pitched the little bastard into the trash. I'm happy. I've made the right decision. So have all of you who have quit, and those who are about to. For all of you who are just starting out, I know it looks bad right now, but never give up, the rewards are worth it. Breathe easy!


