Advice with being bloated and constapated ....

(Yes I know that I've spelt constipated wrong!! Sorry about that.......) OMG! Nearly two weeks off the smokes and really feeling good mentally but not at all physically. Severe stomach cramps, huge amount of wind and not a bowel movement made me research this topic a lot over the last few days. I am passing this on so other people can avoid this pain.... I nearly thought of going back on the cigarettes to get things moving again, such was the discomfort.

The reason why this happens is that nicotine is itself a laxative and your body has adjusted to this over many years.... Now with this gone, EVERYTHING slows down and you get complications like the boating (from the over production of gas) pain from the gas pushing on the walls of the intestines, constipation due to shower than normal bowel movement.

Cases that I've seen last from a few days to weeks/months in some instances. ( if I had this for weeks, I defiantly would be back on the smokes!) I have a few examples of people going to their physician but this problem not being linked to the cessation of nicotine. (Pray that it isn't something more serious!)

Solutions:  Over the counter remedies/laxatives- these come in many types, bulk laxatives (psyillium husks or bulking gels) or laxatives which change the water content of your stool are the most common types... You need to get things moving along the best you can! Ask your pharmacist, the bulk type is my choice.
Pro biotics, many people found this to be beneficial. I have taken them myself and I'm sure that they helped, certainly didn't hinder. Some people have also taken digestive enzymes and report good things.
Diet change, people have said that restricting carbohydrate/sugar help but didn't see this myself.
Exercise. The last thing that you may feel like doing but it helped me greatly! A short jog will stimulate the but to get moving again as the body is now expecting extra demands of if. 
Keep hydrated! Some people was also recommended teas such as fennel and mint.

This list is by no means complete.... If you have found something that has helped you please add it on the list.... Sorry for the many spelling mistakes as I'm on a tablet. And good luck on getting nicotine free!


