Quit Smoking Through Water Fasting

Quitting smoking as been one thing that I have been really scared about doing. I have been living in a massive hole of denial, and honestly the anxiety about what I am doing to my health as been killing me. When you realise that you are in the grip of a full blown addiction it is pretty disempowering, as I'm sure many of you can relate to. I had tried everything, I've read Allen Carr's Easyway book 4 or 5 times, I even bought the audiobook, all to no avail. I tried e-cigs, hypnotism, mindfulness, you name it. Nothing seemed to work. 

However, on Monday evening just gone, I decided, quite spontaneously really, but largely because of a growing feeling of dread about the state of my health, I decided to embark on a 72 hour fast.

(On a side-note, much of my anxiety about this is largely due to the fact that my Mom died when she was 39 from incurable pancreatic cancer, almost certainly a result of her smoking habit, and she was still smoking until the point where she was physically unable to because of end of life care i.e. massive doses of morphine. The closer I get to her age the more terrified I become of what smoking is doing to my body and if the prospect of being so hopelessly wedded, up until the very last, to the poison that has terminally destroyed your body doesn't scare the shit out of you, I'm not sure what will.)

I knew that I shouldn't smoke during the fast due to the fact that putting carcinogens into your body when in such a state is surely a way of exacerbating their negative effects. However, I never intended to quit smoking for good, and fully expected that after the fast I would continue to smoke, considering myself at that point a hopeless addict. 

I was surprised by a number of things. On the first day, my mind was so consumed with the prospect of getting through the day without eating, that I almost totally forgot about smoking. On the second, the thought of smoking consumed me with such nauseating disgust to prevent me from even harbouring the smallest amount of desire for a smoke. On the third day I became convinced that I would never ever smoke another one of those absolutely wretched things again. I would no longer be bound by such a filthy and pointless addiction. The most incredible thing about this experience has been the fact that I have suffered not one craving or temptation to smoke. That is not to say I have not suffered some withdrawal symptoms, I have been irritable on occasion, but no deep sense of despair or longing to light up, as I have experienced almost every other time I have attempted to put an end to this addiction.

And so here I am on my 4th day of not smoking, feeling like a non-smoker. I'm aware of have a long way to go, and I realise that such a feeling of self confidence is often what leads people to fall back into the trap, but the thought of having a smoke fills me with such utter disgust that I don't think I will ever think like that is an option. 

To everyone on here who may be struggling, or feeling as though there is no way out of this horrible prison we have created for ourselves, try not consuming anything apart from water for three days, relatively decent health allowing, and I'm pretty convinced you will start to see those sticks of absolute filth for what they really are, which is sticks of absolute filth designed to keep you hooked and remove your ability to experience simple pleasure in normal, functional, non-destructive things. It was a miraculous moment for me, as I was convinced that I would never be able to stop.

Thanks for taking the time to read and really the best of luck on your journey, one and all. 

