Stopped smoking today. This time it will work

Hey /stopsmoking I often tried to quit smoking, but I always did it on my own. Needless to say I failed. 

My longest streak was 1 week. But always bummed a smoked. I don't wanna be the guy anymore, who runs after every course outside to smoke a cig.
I always told myself. It's easier to socialize as smoker(maybe it is maybe it's not). 
I don't wanna cough my lungs out after every run i take. 
I don't want death to find an easy way to get me. if he want's to get me, he should have a hard time! Not walking on perfectly tared path, I created for him.
I wanna walk not loose my legs. I wanna enjoy live again , not thinking anymore."Oh good that's 3 packs of cigarettes." 
I wanna have my lung at full strength. 
I wanna taste again everything to full extend. I wanna smell the wolrd again. 

I really felt ashamed at my supermarket yesterday. I wanted to buy a mango for a curry. but since i never bought a mango I didn't know how to see if it was ripe. The internet told me, if a mango is ripe you really really smell the mango. I couldn't! 

Now This time i will do it differently, I gonna talk to you guys here, tell my success, my fears, my cravings. Tell it of my head. Those thoughts shouldn't linger in my head only to break my will.  

This time i will make it. this time i will suffer. And I will enjoy the suffering, for it makes me stronger. Those cravings won't kill me, giving in will kill me. I accepted that i was weak. now is the time to be srong, stronger than anytime before. I AM A QUITTER. And I gonna enjoy every breath I take. 


Update Day1:
My first 24 hours went great :D
I had some urges but thank god i could work out a bit and went for a run. During the run i was relieved to know that some day i won't cough anymore and not sounding like a dying engine. And I had some task to do in my apartment. Like cleaning the bath, and cleaning my room. After cleaning my room i felt the urge to smoke a cig. But then i told myself:You wanna get it messy again? Right after cleaning? 

Now to the hardest part yesterday. I had to do my math homework for university. Needless to say as a smoker I would often grab a cig and smoke just to think about the question. It was kinda devastating to think simultaneous about having a cig and trying to focus on some linear algebra. 
Thank god I solved all questions. (Or let's say i think i solved them :D) 
This gave me a boost. I can think about maths without smoking a cig.
Although it took me longer to solve them. I'm still glad. and I know there will be a time i will be solving the qeustions faster without a cig :)

Gonna be heading now to university to hand in my answers. And then I go to the gym. Maybe I go to the sauna afterwards just so I spent additional  30+ mins in a non smoking enviroment. 

And for this evening i planed to install Ubuntu on my notebook. It's just a task that will keep me distracted and It's not that bad if I take extra long, bc I can't focus.

I'm still motivated to be a QUITTER :D, urges existed, but i could handle them. Let's see what day 2 throws at me :D