My favorite quotes from Allen Carr

Always good to revisit these...

Excerpts From: Carr, Allen. “The Easy Way to Stop Smoking.
 
“Some say cigarettes are very enjoyable. They aren’t. They are filthy, disgusting objects. Ask any smoker who thinks he smokes only because he enjoys a cigarette if, when he hasn’t got his own brand and can only obtain a brand he finds distasteful, he stops smoking. Smokers would rather smoke old rope than not smoke at all. Enjoyment has nothing to do with it. I enjoy lobster but I never got to the stage where I had to have twenty lobsters hanging round my neck. With other things in life, we enjoy them while we are doing them but we don’t sit feeling deprived when we are not.”

“The Easy Method is basically this: initially to forget the reasons we’d like to stop, to face the cigarette problem, and to ask ourselves the following questions:
What is it doing for me?
Do I actually enjoy it?
Do I really need to go through life paying through the nose just to stick these things in my mouth and suffocate myself?”

“Every day of our lives we change habits, and some of them are very enjoyable. We have been brainwashed into believing that smoking is a habit and that habits are difficult to break. Are habits difficult to break? In the United Kingdom we are in the habit of driving on the left side of the road. Yet when we drive on the European Continent or in the United States, we immediately break that habit with hardly any aggravation whatsoever. It is clearly a fallacy that habits are hard to break. The fact is that we make and break habits every day of our lives.”

“Smokers’ lives automatically become more stressful because tobacco does not relax you or relieve stress, as society leads us to believe. Just the reverse: it actually causes you to become more nervous and stressed.”

“The whole business of smoking is a series of conundrums. All smokers know at heart that they are fools and have been trapped by something evil. However, I think the most pathetic aspect about smoking is that the enjoyment that the smoker gets from a cigarette is the pleasure of trying to get back to the state of peace, tranquility, and confidence that his body had before he became hooked in the first place.”

“The whole business of smoking is like wearing tight shoes just to obtain the pleasure you feel when you take them off.”

“The only reason any smoker lights a cigarette is to try to end the empty, insecure feeling that the previous cigarette created. It is true that different smokers are in the habit of trying to relieve their withdrawal pangs at different times, but smoking itself is not a habit.
Society frequently refers to the smoking habit and in this book, for convenience, I also refer to the “habit.” However, be constantly aware that smoking is not habit; it is DRUG ADDICTION!
When we start to smoke we have to force ourselves to learn to cope with it. Before we know it, we are not only buying cigarettes regularly but we have to have them. If we don’t, panic sets in, and as we go through life we tend to smoke more and more.
This is because, as with any other drug, the body tends to become immune to the effects of nicotine and our intake tends to increase. After quite a short period of smoking, the cigarette ceases to relieve completely the withdrawal pangs that it creates, so that when you light up a cigarette you feel better than you did a moment before, but you“are in fact more nervous and less relaxed than you would be as a non-smoker, even when you are actually smoking the cigarette. The practice is even more ridiculous than wearing tight shoes because as you go through life an increasing amount of the discomfort remains even when the shoes are removed.”

“The reason why most of us carry on smoking is that, although we know the disadvantages outweigh the advantages, we believe that there is something in the cigarette that we actually enjoy or that it is some sort of prop. We feel that after we stop smoking there will be a void, that certain situations in our life will never be quite the same. This is an illusion. The fact is the cigarette gives nothing; it only takes away and then partially restores to create the illusion.”

“We are about to remove the brainwashing. It is not the non-smoker who is being deprived but the poor smoker who is forfeiting a lifetime of:
 HEALTH
 ENERGY
 WEALTH
 PEACE OF MIND
 CONFIDENCE
 COURAGE
 SELF-RESPECT
 HAPPINESS
 FREEDOM
And what does the smoker gain from these considerable sacrifices?
ABSOLUTELY NOTHING—except the illusion of trying to get back to the state of peace, tranquility, and confidence that the non-smoker enjoys all the time.”

“Several years ago, the adoption authorities in the UK threatened to prevent smokers from adopting children. A man rang up, irate. He said, “You are completely wrong. I can remember when I was a child—if I had a contentious matter to raise with my mother, I would wait until she lit a cigarette because she was more relaxed then.” Why couldn’t he talk to his mother when she wasn’t smoking a cigarette? Why are smokers so unrelaxed when they are not smoking, even after a meal at a restaurant? Why are non-smokers completely relaxed then? Why are smokers unable to relax without a cigarette? Start watching them, particularly when they aren’t allowed to smoke. You’ll find that they have their hands near their mouths, or they are twiddling their thumbs, or tapping their feet, or fiddling with their hair, or clenching their jaw. Smokers aren’t relaxed. They’ve forgotten what it feels like to be completely relaxed. That’s one of the many joys you have to come.”

“Smokers do not smoke because they enjoy it. They do it because they are miserable without it.”

“It’s that panic feeling of “I want a cigarette.” Non-smokers don’t suffer from that feeling. The worst thing we ever suffer from is fear, and the greatest gain you will receive is to be rid of that fear.”

“We tend to think of smoking as a tug-of-war. On one side fear: it’s unhealthy, expensive, filthy, and enslaving. On the other side the pluses: it’s my pleasure, my friend, my crutch. It never seems to occur to us that this side is also fear. It’s not so much that we enjoy cigarettes, but that we tend to be miserable without them.
Think of heroin addicts deprived of their heroin, the abject misery they go through. Now picture their utter joy when they are allowed to plunge a needle into their veins and end that terrible craving. Try to imagine how anyone could actually believe they get pleasure from sticking a hypodermic syringe into a vein.
Non-heroin addicts don’t suffer that panic feeling. Heroin doesn’t relieve the feeling, it causes it. Non-smokers don’t feel miserable if they are not allowed to smoke after a meal. It’s only smokers that suffer that feeling. Nicotine doesn’t relieve it, it causes it.”

“Quality of life is more important than longevity.”
Exactly, but you are surely not suggesting that the quality of life of an alcoholic or a heroin addict is greater than that of someone who isn’t addicted to alcohol or heroin? Do you really believe that the quality of a smoker’s life is better than a non-smoker’s? Surely the smoker loses on both counts—his life is both shorter and more miserable.”

“But for me the greatest joy of being free was not the health, the money, the energy, or the ending of the slavery, it was the removal of those sinister black shadows—those feelings of being despised by and apologetic to non-smokers. With those black shadows gone, I finally regained the ability to respect myself.”

“It’s just that smokers believe they can’t enjoy a meal or handle stress without a cigarette.
It usually takes us a long time to realize that we are hooked because we suffer from the illusion that we smoke because we enjoy a cigarette, not because we have to have a cigarette. While we are not enjoying cigarettes (which we never do), we suffer from the illusion that we can stop whenever we want to.”

“However, although the smoker knows that he will be better off as a non-smoker, he believes that by quitting he is making a sacrifice. Although it is an illusion, it is a powerful illusion. The smoker doesn’t know why, but he believes that during the good times and the bad times of life the cigarette does appear to help.
Before he starts the attempts to quit, he is affected by the brainwashing of our society, reinforced by the brainwashing of his own addiction. To these must be added the even more powerful brainwashing of “how difficult it is to give up.”

“However, in order to stop smoking all you have to do is not smoke anymore. No one forces you to smoke (apart from yourself), and unlike food or drink, you don’t need it to survive. So if you want to stop doing it, why should it be difficult? In fact, it isn’t. It is smokers who make it difficult by using the Willpower Method. I define the Willpower Method as any method that forces the smoker to feel he is making some sort of sacrifice. Let us just consider the Willpower Method.”

“Fortunately, the smoker’s rationale does not reflect the truth. Life as a non-smoker is infinitely more enjoyable, yet it was the delusion that it is less enjoyable that kept me smoking for thirty-three years, and I must confess, if that were the true situation, I would still be smoking (correction—I wouldn’t be here).
The misery that the smoker is suffering has nothing to do with withdrawal pangs. True, pangs trigger the misery, but the actual agony is in the mind, caused by doubt and uncertainty. Because the smoker starts by feeling he is making a sacrifice, he begins to feel deprived—this is a form of stress. One of the times when his brain tells him, “Have a cigarette,” is a time of stress. Therefore as soon as he stops smoking, he wants a cigarette. But now he can’t have one because he has stopped smoking. This makes him more depressed, which sets the trigger off again.”

“The main problem of stopping smoking is not the chemical addiction to nicotine. That’s easy to cope with. It is the mistaken belief that the cigarette gives you some pleasure. This mistaken belief is brought about initially by the brainwashing we receive before we start smoking, which is then reinforced by the actual addiction. All cutting down does is reinforce the fallacy further to the extent that smoking dominates the smoker’s life completely and convinces him that the most precious thing on this earth is the next cigarette.”


“In order to make it easy to stop smoking there are certain fundamentals to get clear in your mind. We have already dealt with three of them up to now:
There is nothing to give up. There are only marvelous positive gains to achieve.
Never visualize the odd cigarette. It doesn’t exist. There is only a lifetime of filth and disease.
There is nothing different about you. Any smoker can find it easy to stop.”

“All you ever enjoy in a cigarette is the ending of the craving for it, whether it’s the almost imperceptible physical craving for nicotine or the mental torture caused by not being allowed to scratch the itch.”

“It is ridiculously easy to stop smoking. All you have to do is two things:
Make the decision that you are never going to smoke again.
Don’t mope about it. Rejoice.”

“You fear failure itself. Do not worry. Just read on. You will succeed. The whole business of smoking is like a confidence trick on a gigantic scale. Intelligent people fall for confidence tricks, but it is only a fool who, having once found out about the trick, goes on kidding himself.”

“One of the most pathetic things is the smoker who has given up smoking for health or money reasons, yet even after several years still craves a cigarette on certain occasions. He is pining for an illusion that exists only in his mind and is needlessly torturing himself.”

“Instead of moping about the pang, say to yourself, “I know what it is. It’s the withdrawal pang from nicotine. That’s what smokers suffer all their lives and that’s what keeps them smoking. Non-smokers do not suffer these pangs. It is another of the many evils of this drug. Isn’t it marvelous I am purging this evil from my body!”

“Think of the whole business of stopping as an exciting game. Think of the nicotine monster as a sort of tapeworm inside your stomach. You have got to starve him for three weeks, and he is going to try to trick you into lighting a cigarette to keep him alive.”

“Some smokers fear that they will have to spend the rest of their lives reversing the “automatic triggers.” In other words, they believe that they will have to go through life using psychological tricks to kid themselves that they don’t really need a cigarette. This is not so. Remember that the optimist sees the bottle as half full and the pessimist sees it as half empty. In the case of smoking, the bottle is empty and the smoker sees it as full. It is the smoker who has been brainwashed. Once you start telling yourself that you don’t need to smoke, in a very short time you won’t even need to say it because the beautiful truth is … you do not need to smoke. It’s the last thing you need to do; make sure it’s not the last thing you do.”

“Remember that the smoker envies you, and feel sorry for him. Believe me, he needs your pity.”

“If you have a bad day during the withdrawal period, just take it on the chin. Remind yourself that you had bad days when you smoked (otherwise you wouldn’t have decided to stop). Instead of moping about it, say to yourself something like, “OK, today’s not so good, but smoking is not going to cure it. Tomorrow will be better, and at least I have got a marvelous bonus at the moment. I have kicked that awful cigarette habit.”

“The key to the problem is not to wait for the moment of revelation but to realize that once you extinguish that last cigarette it is finished. You’ve already done all you need to do. You’ve cut off the supply of nicotine. No force on earth can prevent you from being free unless you mope about it or wait for revelation. Go and enjoy life; cope with it right from the start. That way you’ll soon experience the moment.”

“Or you can start the craving for a cigarette and suffer it for the rest of your life. Just think for a moment. Wouldn’t that be an incredibly stupid thing to do? To say, “I never want to smoke again,” then spend the rest of your life saying, “I’d love a cigarette.” That’s what smokers who use the Willpower Method do.”

“I am still craving cigarettes.” Then you are being very stupid. How can you claim, “I want to be a non-smoker,” and then say, “I want a cigarette”? That’s a contradiction. If you say, “I want a cigarette,” you are saying, “I want to be a smoker.” Non-smokers don’t want to smoke cigarettes. You already know what you really want to be, so stop punishing yourself.”

“Don’t wait for that moment to come. Just get on with your life. Enjoy the highs and cope with the lows. You will find that in no time at all the moment will arrive.”
