One Year Quit! Welbutrin & Alan Carr's Easy Way

I haven't hung around in this sub at all during the year but before I started to quit I learned some amazing information on /r/stopsmoking so thank you! 

I smoked for 14 years and this is my first time quit. I went to my doctor and got on Welbutrin mid-March of 2016. I feel like that made me normal and I probably should still be taking it. That helped with the physical part of smoking. 

I was still at the same frequency of cigarettes at that point but was a month into only smoking half a cigarette at a time. That put me from a pack a day to half. 

Two weeks into Welbutrin and cigarettes somehow tasted like ass. I don't mean in the regular sense that an addicted smoker thinks they taste like ass, but in a much worse taste that does something weird to your tongue and choke on the inhale. 

Here on /r/stopsmoking I read about all the wonderful reviews of Alan Carr's Easy Way to Quit. Then I stumbled upon someone's link to [this](https://www.youtube.com/embed/1zeZhHq0WtY) video seminar based on the book. I watched four times on day 1 and several more throughout the following weeks. It got me in the headspace I needed to be in order to quit. 

I think about it sometimes. The weirdest thing is having seasoned quitters tell me "you'll always miss it, it never goes away just becomes less intense" like mourning the death of a friend or family member. That was the scariest thing to hear as a smoker and really put me off quitting. The idea of always missing and mourning and wanting throughout nonsmoking life seemed worse that being a cigarette addict. 

Listen to me, it's not like that. Sure, 12 months in cravings happen on occasion. I'm not missing the death of my cigarette best friend. Bad things, even some major shit have happened in my life and I haven't turned to smoke. I've been drunk and haven't turned to smoke. I only gained 10 lbs. The most enjoyable aspect, the act of inhale is what I probably miss the most and it's something that meh, I can probably live without. There are things that you can choose to live without and to me that's one of them.

If you're on the fence and nervous, just give it a try.  