Just like starting over. Day ONE (again).

Hi All,

I've (36M) got a nearly 20 year long pack-a-day habit that I'm trying to break & I'm crawling out of my skin a little today. I know I'm going to make it, though. I've quit before and I've even stayed quit for up to a year on one occasion, but I always wound up getting sucked back in again... usually during a night of heavy drinking. Today is my 30 days w/o booze, though, and I have no intentions to go back to that, so I figure it's time for a new challenge. Today, I'm dealing with my (intense and almost constant) cravings by smoking lobelia inflata (aka Indian Tobacco, or Pukeweed) out of a corncob pipe & it's working pretty well. I feel a little self conscious about looking like a dorky bumpkin while I'm toking on this hillbilly pipe out in public, but I guess that'll help me to put off smoking this pukeweed until I just can't stand the cravings anymore. I've had success with this method in the past, but never had much of any luck with either nicotine replacement systems or with cold turkey. Has anyone else out there used this herb with the same degree of success I have? 

If you haven't heard of this before and maybe whatever method you're using isn't working, you should consider trying this out. Take a look at a few studies on the active ingredient in Indian Tobacco: lobeline. Basically, it hits the same receptors in your brain that nicotine does and gives you a little dopamine kick, but it also has a similar method of action to Chantix and blocks these receptors. Additionally, it has traditional medicinal use among Native Americans as a treatment for lung problems/asthma, etc. Personally, I've never had any kind of a problem with its emetic properties (it's never made me puke), and, in my experience, the stuff is not addictive. You just switch from smoking tobacco to lobelia one day and then taper off naturally as your cravings decrease in frequency and intensity. 

Anyway... I've been lurking for quite a while and wanted to say, 'hi,' share what's worked for me with quitting in the past, and hopefully make some contacts with other folks who use the app nomo for quitting smoking and/or drinking. I could use a few more "Accountability Partners," honestly, and I'd love to be available to help others through the app, if I can. PM me and I'll reply with my nomo username!

TL;DR I'm quitting smoking today using Lobelia Inflata (aka Indian Tobacco / Pukeweed). Have you tried it? Wanna buddy up on nomo? PM me.