It's been over three months and I kind want someone to care.

I'm not complaining, really, that nobody cares or is as proud of me as I am, but I would like to express to a community that understands how I feel about it.  I was 15 (now 24) when I smoked my first cigarette.  It was horrific and tasted terrible.  Then it stuck and I smoked religiously for those 9 years.  I promised time and time again I'd quit.  I never could.

On this past Valentine's Day, my husband and I, very recently wedded, got into a discussion about having children.  We have been together since I was 16 and this has always been a desire of mine.  During the discussion, he agreed that, yes, we should do it soon as he's pushing 30 and we are comfortably in a home we own and have proper direction in life, etc.  He had one major stipulation: I had to quit smoking and be quit for a while.  I laughed at it and told him there was no reason for that.  Unfortunately, after research, I found that there is need for that and so I promised him and myself (mostly myself) that I would quit and stay quit.  

On that day I had purchased two packs and said that those would be my last.  The two pack lasted me until the end of the day on the 20th of February, so about a week.  I smoked my last cigarette that night and went to bed. 

The next morning I felt compelled almost to head straight outside for my "good morning cigarette."  It was a morning routine of mine.  I would get the dogs outside and while they did their business, I started my day with a smoke.  The morning of the 21st, I started my day differently.  Instead of lighting up, I stood there outside and looked around at the ground where I typically and lazily dropped my butts.  The night before I cleaned up my mess and it was really nice to see it clean and to not smell the ash.  I smiled and felt good about what I was doing.

I kept reading that the next few days would be terribly difficult.  I was supposed to go through withdrawals and I was supposed to be miserable.  Instead, I told my carpool buddy she couldn't smoke in my car anymore, I avoided the smells, got rid of any lighters lying around, and looked forward to my body being rid of nicotine.  The entire time, I was terrified the withdraw symptoms would hit me and I would be a wreck.  They never did.

Now it's been over three months and I feel fantastic.  I no longer have that rumble in my chest and I sleep without waking up to cough.  I don't stink anymore and no longer have to hear my mother (also a long-time smoker who has quit for years now), tell me how much I stink when I walk in the door.  Now I'm the one who scrunches her nose at the smell of smoke.  Honestly, I can't stomach it.  

Smoking, actually physically picking up a cigarette and lighting it, seems so foreign.  Perhaps it's because I wanted to start a family so badly that I quit without too much struggle, but I just want to feel proud of myself and feel that I'm not "boasting" for having done this on my own. And now that my husband and I are actually trying, I know I can bring a happy and healthy child into this world, free of smoke or nicotine.  