How miserable it is

Hi /r/stopsmoking.
I don't really know what to write, I think I'll start with some background on my addiction, then things will eventually start flowing...

I started smoking when I was 14, I didn't have much friends, and those dudes chainsmoking seemed so cool to me, like if they held some kind of secret... I joined them and started smoking too. Looking back to that period of my life I feel really stupid. Those who seemed cool actually were some of the dumbest people I ever met, and even if I eventually realized that in a couple of months and quit going out with them I carried that habit with me.. I think I've become really addicted only a couple of years later, so around 16 I smoked like 10 cigs/day. 

Now I'm 22, out of shape and chainsmoking all day long, 20 to 35 cigs/day. I tried a lot of methods Allen's, neuro linguistic programming, e-cig, and some of those worked for a while. Now here I am, disilluioned to the point I'm smoking not because I want to (I kinda hate smoking cigarettes, even if I do), but because I'm addicted and can't find the will or whatever it is necessary to quit once and for all. I'm kinda resigned to my future as a smoker. I'm worried for my health both on the short and long term, I think relaying on a cigarette to dissipate stress and 'just have a break' is actually only a way to get away with my problems for a moment, thus not being able to successfully solving them, and at last a form of delf disruption. Every night I go to sleep thinkning that I want to throw that pack away; Every morning I wake up and light up one after having my coffe.

I remember a couple of years ago, I successfully quit smoking with NLP exercises, I felt so well, actually it seemed like I was a child again. My mind was always clear, food tasted better, I could smell flowers and things in the air. Also I used to go jogging and do some exercises in that period. Life was better. I had a boost in my lifestyle quality and was more productive, actually more clever. I want that again. Now I have a good job which I like and also well paid, I ougth myself to become the person I want myself to be. A person which does what he does because he wants to in every single bit of the day. I want to break my chrysalis. I just happen to be sold on the idea of not being able to do so. It's indeed stupid and confused. But that's almost what it feels like. And while smoking might only be the last link of a chain of problems about self realization, I think that it is even the hardest to break. I know if I do break it I'll be able to break them all and set myself free from myself.

Now I do not really want to be helped out, even because I do not think there's someone on the earth able to do so if not myself, but I think exposing this to the public might kickstart my will. Feel free to reply I'll read this  these days and maybe report how that's going. Now I'll dip that malboro into the ashtray and call it a day.
Tomorrow I'll start fresh. I want tomorrow to be that day.