Today I ran a 5k and brought my first home. Oh, and realised it's exactly a year since i quit smoking.

I joined reddit just over a year ago purely for the r/stopsmoking community. I never posted. Just sat and read. 

I'd been smoking for eight years, was on 20+ a day and quitting felt insurmountable. So much of my life revolved around cigarettes; I'd wake up and smoke. Get in my car and smoke. Go to the pub and smoke. Come home and smoke. They were my closest and most reliable friends.

Rifle through any pocket and you'd find lighters, matches and empty packets of papers and filters. My fingers had started to go yellow. My teeth were stained. I'd wake up every morning with a hoarse throat and would cough my way to putting on the kettle and stepping outside for that morning cigarette.

As the years went by I hated myself for the addiction. If I was poor I'd buy cigarettes over food. 

On my first attempt to quit I read Alan Carr. I told myself I was an ex-smoker, not one more puff! The first few weeks went by somewhat easily. Then came new years. I'd promised myself  a cigarette for new years eve, but in the end declined any. Then, just over a month later on a dreary Feburary afternoon and after a bad but not awful day at work I brought a 10 pack and had my new years cigarette. It was horrid. I smoked half and throw the packet down a drain. The next week I brought another packet of 10, as in my addicts mind I'd finish that and be done with it. Within a few days I was back to 20 a day. 

I kept smoking and kept hating it. Many parts of my life were out of control. I'd gone through an awful break up. I was overdrawn. My work, friends and health were suffering, but of all things I was so desperate to quit smoking.

So I joined a gym. I started going to a couple of classes a week. I started opening my bank statements so I could begin to budget. I'd try and eat better food. All of this and I kept hating smoking. I joined some local clubs and met some new non-smoking friends. I started dating someone. I was keeping up the gym and was in the best shape I'd been in for years. I kept hating smoking. 

I knew the only way I could quit was to improve my life in so many other ways that smoking could no longer be a part of it.

The day I quit was a day like any other. I'd been to the gym in the morning and had been out visiting clients in the afternoon. I pulled into a car park and smoked the last cigarette in my pack. I crumpled up the packet and in my head said 'That's it. I'm done.'

Since that day I haven't picked up a single cigarette. When drunk? Didn't smoke. When I nearly lost my job? Didn't smoke. When I went through a break-up? I didn't smoke. Were there times I craved nothing more? Yes, completly. But after time you realise that a 30 minute craving, no matter how intense, is something you can and will get over. 

So there it is. A year ago today. I'm pretty proud of myself. Since that day I've kept up my fitness and have run 3 10k's in as many months and ran a 5k this morning in training for a half marathon in the new year. My finances are finally in shape and I've just secured my first home (well, tiny flat, but it'll be MY tiny flat). I know I wouldn't be able to have done those things if I was still smoking.

So to anyone on their journey, or thinking about quitting please know it is possible. No matter what your journey looks like, or how many times you start over. My life is by no means perfect, but not smoking has made things in so many ways tangibly better.