I started my attempt to quit today after a bad experience.

Hey guys. I live in Greece, I am 19 years old and i started smoking three and a half years ago. Today i had the worst experience caused by smoking in my life.

I started playing basketball at the age of 8. I quickly fell in love with it. It was the only thing as a teenager that could help me get through this rough part of life. Whenever i felt blue, i used to grab my basketball and go to the court near my house to practice and relax. I was getting really good at it, to the point that one of the best basketball academies in the country offered me to play for them when i was 16. 

I had the entire summer to think about the offer until one night, i had the worst idea ever. I saw my father's pack on the kitchen table while everyone in the house was asleep. I took a ciggarette and lit it up. It made me dizzy but for some reason it made me want to buy a pack the next day. 

I'm a person that occasionally gets bored and at that moment i was bored of playing bball. I wasn't thinking that by starting this terrible habit, I destroyed one of my biggest dreams. At the end of the day, I was just a confused teenager.

As you all know, when i started smoking regularly i couldn't play basketball anymore. But as a teenager, i didn't give it much thought as i was still having one of those "bored of x" moments.

Now, lets fast forward three and a half years later. Yesterday, my friends arranged a basketball game between friends and family. I sure as hell accepted the offer cause i've missed playing. So i went to the court. There i was, fifteen minutes later, spitting my lungs out and feeling like they were burning up. I stepped outside the court and sat on the bench. When i finally caught my breath, i went home. I sat in my room the whole day. I didn't wanna talk to anyone.

A bad decision (while i knew the consequences) that i made when i was a teenager, made me lose one of the most precious things i had in my life. Basketball.

That was a turning point in my life. I decided to quit, and with the money that i'll save, i'll buy a new basketball in a week. Even if my dreams of playing proffesionally are long gone, I've decided to practice until i can say that i can play as good as i used to. It may sound stupid to some people, but honestly, I feel like i've made the most important decision in my life.

P.S Excuse my bad English, I am not a native speaker.

