Why an Ecig works for me but may not be the best route for someone else

I've read through some of the threads in this sub about ecigs and the parallels between other addiction support groups are apparent.

I just want to say that as far as addiction goes I agree that cold turkey is what has worked for me as opposed to a tapering method.

To qualify myself, I am an alcoholic and heroin addict. I've been smoking cigarettes for 12 years. I am 29 years old. I have been sober and clean for six months. 

The difference I have found between my other addictions and smoking is that effective replacements were not available for drinking or IV'ing heroin. Short of physically tapering the qty of drinks or whatever there wasn't a viable alternative. Tapering the actual physical substance does not work worth a shit.

 For me personally, if I take one of anything I don't want to stop. I'm fine up until the first one, I have control. I can go most of a morning on the weekend without a cigarette but eventually I will need one. The 'just one' mentality of my addict self sets me off to the races and I will have smoked a pack by the end of the day.

I say this because ecigs are the only replacement I've found for any chemical addiction that allows me to taper, while smoking (vaping) the way I like to smoke. I can taper the nicotine level while not having to forego the physical oral fixation and ritual.

I'm just trying to visualize an alternative alcohol company that sold a case of handle bottles of cheap vodka. Each bottle would have numbered cap and, as you progressed from highest to lowest, you would be slowly weened off until you are drinking vodka flavored water. It's not really comparing apples to apples but that is how I look at ecigs.

Cold turkey is tried, tested and I am on the bandwagon, believe me. I have done it and recommend it to anyone with other substances that I have experience quitting. A nicotine taper is something I find value in in my particular circumstance of early sobriety and being clean. 

Quitting chemicals is hard when you are addicted. I am so fucked that I identify myself as an addict even when I'm not active to remind myself.

If smoking is the only monkey on your back I would recommend reading Allen Carr's book and going the cold turkey route. There is no better feeling of accomplishment once you battle through the physical and mental cravings. The experience will also help remind you why you never want to start again.

But if you're like me and are not willing to risk other life goals you have going on, while working on harm reduction via a taper, vaping may be a helpful stepping stone.

This is not intended to be inflammatory, rather just another experience in our collective journey to being tobacco free.

You guys are awesome,

CC

P.S I tried to smoke a cigarette last Monday after 4 days without smoking and I couldn't get passed two puffs without gagging at the chemicals. It didn't even taste like tobacco. It reminded me of the first cig I ever smoked when I was 16. Glad I never have to go back to that.

