Looking for some advice given my circumstances, if ya'll wouldn't mind reading I would love suggestions from anyone whether you're going to quit, are quitting, or are now smoke-free!

Hi there.  So I'm about to hit my 10 year mark of being a smoker and am so fed up with it.  I made my first attempt to quit, cold turkey, in December.  I was a full time student, it was finals week, I was stressed but super busy, the cravings hit hard but I made it 11 days.  Then Christmas break came, went on a vacation with social smokers, so much free time, and one drunk night got a pack of my own &amp; afterwards the thought of starting the craving period over was just too much to bear (and also an easy excuse of course).    
  
The way I smoked changed after that first attempt.  I went from 5-6 a day to at least half a pack a day now.  I smoke more often, but I can't get through more than half a cigarette at a time before getting nauseous.  I do really hate how they taste and smell.  
  
I read Alan Carr's book the EZ Way to Quit Smoking when I quit in December and found it IMMENSELY helpful.  I recommend it 1,000x over.  
  
I graduated grad school and am now looking for a job, so I've got a lot of empty time on my hands.  I feel this will be harder to quit than it was during finals week because I have so little distraction.  
  
Monday is going to be my start date.  Here are my questions:  
  
1.  Has anyone had success with any other books?  Articles?  Blogs?  Reading helped me so much I'm just not sure I'd get the same effect reading that book again.  
2.  Any idea what I can expect to be different this time now that my smoking habits have changed?  I don't know if I'm technically getting any more nicotine since I only smoke half, but I'm guessing the frequency will make the cravings happen more often?  
3.  I really want to do cold turkey, I don't want the nicotine addiction.  I'm considering whether gum will maybe be necessary this time however, if the cravings come more often and more intense.  I've dabbled with them however and found that I was still mostly just as agitated and had that gnawing hunger feeling even when chewing them, and it frightened me how often i felt I needed gum.  Anyone chew the gum solely for emergencies?  Like if I'm about to bite my boyfriend's head off, or I'm at a stressful family event?  
4.  Finally, since I'll be quitting amidst a lot of free time right now, any suggestions on how I could make that free time USEFUL?  I can attend mid-day support groups, I have time to exercise (already on a routine with that and I know it will help a lot), what else can I do?  
  
If anyone has suggestions on how to find a good support group that would be awesome (free), or knows of online supports, or has any reads that really helped them change into a non-smoker mindset &amp; motivated you, please let me know!  I'll definitely use that app this time, but I want to plan to do MORE than just that differently this time.  
  
Thanks so much!!