Closing in on 600 hours, and sometimes the cravings are really strong

So, as I approach 600 hours, I've never felt more confident about not smoking.  Every single time I've quit, I've been sure I couldn't possibly stay quit, that has changed.

On a daily basis I still get cravings, strong ones.  I'm guessing that's because I'm at about 9 days post chantix, and my body is getting desperate.

No matter how strong the craving is, I don't even consider satisfying it by smoking.  I know that even 1 smoke will undo all of this hard work, and for nothing, for nothing at all.  I embrace the cravings, I welcome them with open arms, because I recognize them for what they are and what they represent.  I could have the worst craving I've experienced in the last 10 days right this instant and if somebody put a lit cigarette in my hand and pushed it towards my mouth, I'd stomp it out (and maybe punch them).  I don't consider "satisfying" the craving by smoking because it doesn't seem satisfying to me at all.

I can't explain it, those that have experienced it will know what I'm talking about.  That empty feeling, that feeling that something is missing when you get a craving, the last possible solution you can imagine is smoking a cigarette.

I've tried to quit 100 times, this one is different.  If I could figure out exactly what did it and how to get it to work for you I'd do it in a heartbeat.  I want every smoker in the world to feel this way.

I don't miss a second of it, I don't miss planning my life around getting a fix.  I don't miss smoking 2 before going in to a movie, and wanting to slip out half way through for a smoke.  I don't miss standing outside a restaurant (regardless of weather) while everybody else is seated so I won't jones mid meal, nor do I miss stepping out while I'm waiting on getting my credit card back so I can load up before the 15 minute drive home.  I don't miss freaking out when I know I won't be near a store for 5 hours and only have 2 cigarettes in my pack, freaking out because I've had too many beers to comfortably drive to the store while running low.

I can comfortably drink beer and smoke weed and when I get a craving for a smoke while doing either activity I just relax and let it pass.  All of my former triggers still trigger, but it's nothing but a thing.