Five hours ago I had my last cigarette

Hello everyone, I'm new here. This is the first time I've ever attempted to quit smoking, but I'm pretty certain that I'll quit for good. I'm 19 years old, I started smoking when I was 17. Now you're probably thinking to yourself that that's not a very long time at all, but somehow the 22+ a day has *already* started to impede upon my health. I can feel the circulatory problems in certain parts of my body, such as my legs. I've ignored them for a couple of months, but today I was just sat there on the train, chest a little tight, when the simple idea of quitting came to mind. I was sick of the circulation problems, and looking for some arbitrary way to fix them.

'Stop smoking'. That's literally all it will take. I'd rather quit smoking than have legs amputated or drown in my own fluids or any other of the awfully grim ways in which smoking can (and will) kill you. I guess I'm quitting out of a kind of fear (but aren't we all?) and sitting here, feeling the repercussions of smoking, feeling downright *unhealthy*... Man, isn't it just time to quite whilst I'm ahead? It's not worth it. My smoking philosophy was 'nobody dies laughing' and, to me, that somehow justified it. But now I see that's a load of bollocks. Sure, nobody dies laughing - but dying in my 80's as opposed to dying in my fourties with all kinds of fucked up problems, the answers just obvious. 

To be honest, I'm not that perturbed by the quit. The thing is, I live in a wonderful area of the UK, and so I live near fells and hills and trees. My *favourite* thing about cigarettes, and the thing that I relied on them most for, was the incremental breaks where I could go outside at night and look at the stars and the moonlit hills. The length of time it took to smoke a cigarette was perfect, and nipping outside habitually was one of my favourite things to do. I know I can replace that, and soon, I'll probably think I was stupid to just *stand* there, as opposed to actually going for a walk (with fresh lungs and circulation I may add).

So anyway, I apologise for the wall of text. Thanks for reading it, I'm just happy that there's a community like this on Reddit. Wish me luck. It may be tough, but you guys know what it's like. Again, thanks.