Nicotine helps me concentrate

I quit smoking cold turkey last year for 6 months. It was going great. After about a month or two I kind of forgot I was ever a smoker because it wasn't part of my routine anymore. I even went out a lot and drank regularly without needing a cigarette. 

The problem I had was that I couldn't concentrate on my university work. A lot of it I didn't complete and had to apply for extra time and I couldn't understand why. As I said, I didn't really think about cigarettes so it never crossed my mind the two were related. 

Anyway, it got to 6 months and, to be frank, I was an idiot. The smell of cigarettes repulsed me so I wanted to see how they tasted (idiotidiotidiot). It was disgusting and so I thought I'd totally cracked it. Had the odd puff here and there and then thought 'I'm not getting addicted, so maybe I'd be ok with a few joints'. I'll cut this story short and say I'm back to being a fully fledged smoker now.

The thing is, when I went back to smoking I suddenly found I could concentrate again. I was back to my old self and working hard. I googled this and found studies that said nicotine does in fact help you focus. I'll admit I was going through a tough time with other things when I quit so I originally attributed it to that but I was still going through that when I started up again. The only change was the cigarettes.

I want to quit again. I hate smoking. I hate what it does to my teeth and that I have to regularly buy whitener. I also have a lot of anxieties about my health. Cold turkey was the only thing that's worked for me so far as I've always done terribly on NRTs but I'm not failing my final year at uni so it looks like NRT is my only option (I can learn how to focus without nicotine when I don't have exams and a dissertations looming over me).

I'm interested to know what NRTs you guys have used and if you have any tips/tricks on making them more effective? I've tried gum (so disgusting I think I lasted about 2 hours), patches (allergic), the inhaler (was told by a few people it looked like I was putting the plastic part of a tampon in my mouth), and e cigarettes (by far the best as I lasted about 3 weeks but it ran out of juice once whilst I was out so I panicked and went straight for the fags). 