Then one stoney 4/20...

at one point I put the seed in my head that I didn't want to smoke. I would still smoke but it felt like I was being forced to do it but secretely enjoyed the break that it gave me.

That thought changed to thinking that smoking is disgusting. I hadn't been snowboarding (life long passion/love) in a while and finally went, only to find out that I couldn't breath at 13,000 ft. Shortly after smoking became a chore, it was not longer enjoyable but I was still hooked.

Then one stoney 4/20 I spent the entire weekend sleeping. Friday-Sunday. Smoked my last cig on a Thursday, woke up Friday in no shape to go to the store to buy more cigs. Monday rolled around and I had 3 days momentum. 3 days was all it took for me to want to keep building from that. I didn't really plan to quit, but the ground work was set and the timing was right.

By the 10th day I utterly knew that I wasn't going to have a cig again but I had to fend off those cravings. Its weird, your heart says you don't want it, but you brain says you do! After a meal it was bad, driving was bad, every hour was bad cause that is usually when I would have one.

My friend has previously quit a year ago and I just wanted to make sure that the insane cravings do go away. They do! It was torture because the cravings would never really go away, just lessen in intensity.  

I choose to exercise to get my mind off the cravings. Pushups until I couldn't do them anymore was a good one. Also going for 4 mile walks helped me get my mind off it and see the light at the end.

There were points where I just couldn't do it anymore, my brain needed that feel good. Being the educated person I am, I guestimated that cigs, weed, alcohol, coke, heroin, etc all use the same part of the brain, the pleasure center. And if I was craving a cig, it was actually the pleasure center wanting to be activated. So there were times when, after endless push-ups and video games didn't work I would drink 1/2 a beer or a blaze tiny bowl, and I was right. Those insane cravings finally took a nose dive. But this was only after I exhausted all other possibilities and just needed a little peace to keep me going. In the beginning it was like once every 3 days, later on it was about once a week.

The first month was 10/10 bad. The second month was 9/10 bad. The third was 7/10 bad. The fourth was 6/10 bad. I still thought about having a cig at this point. But by the 5th month it has gone 90% away.

There wasn't any one point when the cravings just vanished. it was like a slow progressive decline, where at first they swarmed my every thought, then became every other though. Then became 4 times a day though, then 1 time a day thought, etc, etc, etc. 

I didn't really follow any program or support group. It wasn't the focal point of every conversation. It was sort of my own personal fight.

IN prior attempts, I did try the support group along with patches, there were many attempts, but never really worked. I think what helped me the last time was it not being a focal point. I wasn't putting cig money in a jar, I wasn't rewarding myself for not smoking a pack, I wasn't surrounding myself with people relapsing in life or the web. I was just doing it for my own sake, no rewards, I just didn't want to smoke anymore. Plus my neighbors have kids and they are always in the back yard playing, and I would always smell like smoke everywhere I go. It just got to a point when the cost outweighted the benefit.

I share to hopefully shed some light on the road ahead. 