The struggle is confusing

I am a heavy smoker, 2 packs a day i have had this bad habbit for 5-6 years now. I found myself loving the action of smoking but hating the addiction. I became a slave to the cigarette i would make any excuse to smoke, Any little accomplishments would be rewarded by "victory cigarettes". Until last year i got a common head cold the taste of the cigarette i enjoyed turned into a gut turning foul torture but i had to continue smoking. This common cold ended up developing into acute bronchitis. While i had bronchitis i couldnt smoke at all and it really didnt bother me. I laid in bed for a week without burning one. I thought i had quit just by getting sick, infact i was proud of myself. As i got healtheir and was able to return to work and get my taste back i fell back into the habbit fairly quickly. But that experience stayed in the back of my mind. I knew that i wouldnt just stop cold turkey nor would i try patches or gum. I knew if i were to quit i would have to fall ill again. Well i smoked 2 packs a day for 10 months and caught another cold. I knew this was the time i waited almost a year for this to happen. I woke up feeling pretty bad as soon as i was able i lit one up and sure enough it taste like hell but i powered through it. I went to work that day and kept smoking i smoked an entire pack and started into my second before the taste was too overwhelming. This happened to be a friday i went home from work and just wanted to sleep. My body ached i was congested felt like shit but before i walked in the door i tried to light one up. I took one drag and threw up. 3 days later monday i was still in bad hadn't had a cigarette since friday evening. Tuesday i was feeling better but was still a little ill i got ready for work and brought my pack with me. Tuesday was my first day ever at work i didnt smoke a cigarette. I was proud of myself. Wednesday same thing i had my pack with me just so i know they are there if i need them but i didnt touch them. But i realized i cant get rid of my pack i need them with me just in case. Someone asked if they could bum one and for the first time ever i told someone no. I knew i wasnt going to smoke them but i didnt want to give them away. I think about how bad i just want to sneak one but i know i cant hide it from myself so i dont touch them. Im not even sure that im quitting i just know i haven't smoked in 5 and a half days. I started to see that im able to breathe again and not have to stop to catch my breath. I can smell and taste food. It is all going well i just dont know if im actually quitting i cant throw the pack away having them with me is like my motivation but i know it looks silly seeing a guy carrying a pack and not smoking them.