Made it to my 3rd day!

I have been trying to cut back and quit smoking for a year and a half. I set a deadline to officially start &amp; be done with cigarettes by this November. So I had been stretching my packs as much as I could; a pack a day, into a pack every day and a half, into a pack every other day- and I would fluctuate between those amounts. And was ever frustrated at not being "strong enough" to kick it. I'd tried the patch (it ate holes in my skin) I'd tried cutting down (I'd just smoke more later) I'd tried being inspired by this sub (I'd cry and smoke more at my failure), never reaching the pinnacle of desiring to quit enough to actually do it. 

This is how I managed to get there: 
Three days ago I was on my last three cigarettes in a pack and had to go get my oil changed and take the dog into the groomer. 

The dog was first and I forgot his rabies vaccine proof, cue being stressed about having to drive back home and get it: down to two cigarettes &amp; I was already starting to think about when I would have time to go get a new pack. 

Then I had the oil change &amp; a cigarette while I waited for the dog and oil to get done: down to one cigarette. 

I pick up the dog and walk over to pick up the car &amp; drive home: on the way home I have the last cigarette and debate about going to the store then before going home. 

I didn't and when I got home and out of the car I smelled oil burning. I lifted the hood and it was smoking. I started to get insanely frustrated, called the shop &amp; they said bring it back in. So I head back over to the mechanic &amp; on the way there I fucking lost it with myself. I was so upset that I felt like I had to stop somewhere and cigarettes, that this was screwing with my days plan, that something so normal and trivial would upset me so much just because I couldn't go out and buy a pack when I planned on it and that I didn't have a cigarette left for something so "stressful". I screamed into and beat my steering wheel for a few seconds and said fuck it! I was done! 

I went and bought some cheap gas station 2mg nicotine gum and haven't had a serious craving to go and smoke since! It's Day 3 and I'm substituting the nicotine gun with regular gum every other hour now. 

TL;DR
My willpower and frustration about quitting finally overcame my mentality about it &amp; I'm extremely happy &amp; proud that I went from a pack a day smoker to 2mg gum ever 2 hours in 3 days. 
