My Smoking Journey

Sorry if this is rambly, I wrote this while in an emotional state so it may not be written greatly.

I started smoking when I was 16. I was told my entire life that smoking was bad for you. However, being the naive kid I was, I thought that it simply would not happen to me.

Yikes.. How wrong I was....

It started slow. A cigarette every few days. Then, before I knew it, it was one every day. Then two, then 5, and it ultimately ended up with me smoking half a pack to a full pack of 25's a day.

Living in Australia, this was especially hard. Cigarettes are taxed an insane amount, and I simply was unable to afford it. I was also going through a bout of unemployment and was spending the majority of my financial assistance on smoking. I knew this was incredibly wrong, but I seemingly did not care.

Then came that fateful day. I'll never forget it.

On the 1st August 2016, My grandmother had a stroke. She went into the hospital, and found something odd on her lungs in a cat scan they did.

A week later, they found out what it was. Lung Cancer.

She had been a heavy smoker her whole life. She started when she was 14, and she passed away at the age of 74. She smoked for 60 years. 

We all thought she was invincible. But it eventually caught up with her.

When she had that diagnosis, I knew it was time. I had wanted to stop for a long time, but hearing that news pushed me over the line. I bought a packet, and decided it would be my last one. I finished my last cigarette on the 13th August 2016, at 9:36pm.

I knew what lie ahead of me. It was time to buckle up, I was about to embark on one hell of a ride.

The first day was okay-ish for me. I think it had to do with Nicotine still being present inside my body. It was hard, but not what I had imagined. I wondered if it would stay like this throughout the quit.

..And then came the second day.. Oh boy.. The hardest day by far. I spent the majority of the day screaming and crying into my pillow because of how difficult it was. It was not a fun time at all.

Cue the next few days of incredible irritability and emotional instability, it became easier and easier as time went on.

After a month, the storm was almost over. I still had urges every now and then, but it had become much easier. I started to fill in the extra time I had with other activies, such as cleaning, drawing, or walking.

I knew how proud my grandmother was of me. This is what inspired me to continue. She knew I was struggling, and encouraged me and told me how proud she was of me.

However, she succumbed to her illness in June of 2017. From her diagnosis to her passing, I had first-handedly witnessed the transformation of a bright, energetic lady to a complete recluse. She had many hobbies and activies she loved doing before-hand, and after her diagnosis, none of those things gave her joy anymore. Nothing is more heart-breaking than seeing somebody you love become a shell of its former self. It's a cruel, ruthless disease that can turn even the most optimistic person on earth, into a complete pessimist.

FUCK. CANCER.

Sometimes I wonder if she's up there, looking down at me, and being proud of how far I've come. 

I miss her everyday.

I quit cold turkey with no program. I had a 95% chance of failure , and I beat those odds. https://health.usnews.com/health-conditions/allergy-asthma-respiratory/smoking-cessation/overview

Today, I am now free from the iron shackles that is Nicotine addiction.

This is my journey. I wish you all the best of luck with yours.