I need an intervention

Greetings reddit.

I have a huge problem.  I cannot quit.

I started smoking later in life than most, but I made up with that by the sheer volume of smoking.  In my teens I did not smoke, I had a breakup from a long term relationship in my early 20's.  Eventually got together with a previous person by mid twenties, moved far, there was a huge commute.  I started smoking for two reasons, the person I was with was smoking, and stress was a huge factor.  so at the age of 24, I began smoking.

that relationship didn't go well after two years, had a kid out of it, had to get a restraining order out of it.  My smoking increased as my stress did.  Money got extremely tight and I had to move myself and my child in with my mother, more stress more smoking.

Fast forward to now.  Early 30's, another relationship which at times seems pretty controlling, caused me to stop going out so much.  enough to stress me, smoking increases, fights are fairly regular, and large in frequency compared to my long term relationship, fights become chain smoking.

Raising a child alone is difficult, stress increases smoking increases

my mother is a constant nag, stress increases smoking increases

for almost 4 years now I have been up to two and a half packs a day.  I'm wheezing every once in awhile on deep breaths, When I wake up there is this extremely sticky thick white phlegm like substance in my throat, every once in awhile my chest near my heart has pressure, I have no health insurance, all of it is stress which leads to smoking.

Work is stressful, my family is stressful, attempting to quit and failing is stressful, even realizing that i NEED to quit is stressful, all of it leads to more smoking,  Just thinking about it typing is making me need a cigarette.  I feel I am killing myself at this point yet I can't stop, the fear and stress of thinking cigarettes is possibly killing me and it may be too late is making me smoke more.

I don't think its even possible to be around my family or my relationship, or my work and even have the ability to even think of stopping, they all drive me to crave cigarettes.

I don't know what to do, I need help.  I've stopped other things that I thought were addicting but this is embedded into everything I do and Feel.

Bored, smoke.  Finish doing something, smoke.  Wake up, smoke, Going to bed, smoke. Drive to work, smoke.  argument happens, chain smoke. get nagged for hours, smoke for hours.  have a beer, smoke.  drive somewhere, smoke.  stress, smoke.  accomplishment, smoke.


I need help, I need an intervention.  I'm scared I can't stop, I'm scared its too late.  I am panicked.  Now if you'll excuse me I need a cigarette.

thank you for your time.
