One Way Street: The Smokefree Way

One Way Street: The Smokefree Way

So it's my third/fourth day quitting smoking. 
I made my quit plan, 
I'm following my quit plan,
I'm getting text messages every few hours that are helping me stay quit,
I have the gum, and I use it every few hours for an hour, parking it under my tongue.
I have my mac & Cheese ready, which seems to stop cravings, 
and my wife has been excellent at helping me quit smoking. She has never dealt with addiction before and I thank her for being there for me while I was smoking and now through this difficult time. She's such a good sport.
My mother in law is in town, which adds to the stress, but also she is a good support person because she cooks often and takes care of a number of chores while she is here. For some reason she doesn't like us doing the cooking or cleaning so I get a break from those stressors. I haven't had those things taken care of since I was a very young kid.


I'm experiencing a lot of emotions that accompany withdrawal. My mood is dead, and I feel dispassionate about everything.
My appetite is gone, which is unusual.
I've taken some acid to feel a bit more lively, but it is adding to the stress equation and I will wait to engage in it again until I'm more nicotine free. It has made me more aware of my reasoning and breathing so maybe it has helped a bit, but I wouldn't put weight on it saying that it's a smoking cessation drug.

I had friends over last night and had two or three drinks and played videogames (which kept me inside) and managed to not smoke despite there being a smoker there and going on a main nightlife street to walk around in the night. Oddly enough they all slept over, and we watched a movie.

This smoker friend of mine has been a longtime friend and used to bum me cigarettes when I did want them and was trying to quit in the past. I made it clear to him that this time is different and I'm trying extra hard to quit. He is understanding and hasn't let me smoke.


I'm seeing my psychiatrist on Wednesday to talk about my medications related to Bipolar disorder, as I'm on a dopamine agonist and that increases the amount I want to smoke and it's time to change to something that will decrease my want to smoke and make me feel awake. 

I've tried the patches, but they don't give me something to do with my mouth. I tried gum before and it didn't work, but perhaps this time I want to quit more than ever.

It has built up over a course of many years of spending too much, feeling like shit, and smelling terrible. I will gladly trade a bad mood for a day for a longer life with the people I care about to enjoy it. 

It really is a one way street at this point, and it's a smoke free street.