I’m so proud of all of you! ESPECIALLY those who are in the first few days, weeks, or months of quitting.

Ok guys I just got home from a friend’s bday party at a bar and may or may not be a touch tipsy. Which makes me a bit emo sometimes but in a good way! I mean the title was pretty self explanatory but honestly I like to visit this sub from time to time to see what’s up and remind myself how much different things are now that I’ve been a non smoker for (almost) a year and a half! It’s like a super power you start taking for granted when you no longer think about not smoking... it just becomes second nature. So I just want to share with y’all two main things:

1- fellow quitters- especially those of y’all in the first few hours, days, weeks, and months- hell yes! I’m so proud of you. Don’t beat yourself up if this is the millionth time you’ve tried to quit. What’s important is that now you have. I’m not gonna lie... it was difficult. But not all the time. The cravings become less frequent. It’s so important to be strong when they do come because the go away. Give yourself 20-30 minutes then check back in with yourself. Go ahead and congratulate yourself for a job well done when you realize that craving has been conquered. Or is disappearing. Or maybe it hasn’t, but heck, if you can go 20 minutes then do 20 more. Or 5 if that’s what you can do. Then another 5. Every time you show even a little bit of willpower and the act of abstaining from something you would prefer to do makes it so that the ability to do so builds up. It gets easier as time goes goes on. Next week may be hard but 3 weeks from now won’t be as hard... and so forth. So fuck yeah! I don’t care if you’ve quit for 5 hours or 5 years! You’ve done something truly difficult and something that billion dollar corporations are actively conspiring to make you fail at! Just keep going and if you mess up, do it again! 

2- my experience has been like this. I don’t even think about smoking anymore. I don’t even want to. As I said it’s been like a year and a half and I can say by month 4 or 5 I no longer wanted it physically and by 6 I knew I was done for good. I feel so much better mentally and physically. My brain is no longer on the fritz because it misses nicotine. I no longer carry the shame of the stigma (though nobody should because cigarettes are bs that hook most people when they’re young and vulnerable). I’ve lost 13 pounds! I eat healthier and work out more. I think that in a way I no longer thought I should bother doing those things because I smoked so why bother? I’m a better parent because my kid doesn’t get ignored while I burn one away. So many positives. Literally zero negatives. I don’t miss it. I never will something inside switched off when I quit for about 6 months and that was that. Some asshole heard I quit recently and offered me a cigarette and the smoke was all in my face. Y’all... ughhhhhh. Gross. The audacity to try and tempt someone who was addicted is beyond my comprehension. I’m not envious of him... I am disgusted and offended by him so carelessly trying to sabotage my positive life choices ad lead me back down that screwed up path. No thanks! But the silver lining here is that I had zero desire to go there so it wasn’t a problem. 

Anyway I just wanted to share and I sincerely hope that anyone bothering to read this can find comfort knowing that there is an end to this very temporary struggle and it’s really no big deal once you get through the first part. Again, I am so incredibly proud of all of you for taking or even considering taking the first steps!!!