How I quit for good

Hi all, I decided to post this here because this sub helped me get through some of my initial withdrawals and was pretty good support for me, even though I never have posted here before. I decided to put this guide up on how i managed to quit using a Vape, and then how i managed to quit vaping and all nicotine use entirely. The hope is that maybe one person will read through it and find it useful and use it to help improve their life. Reddit and other forums is what guided me through my quitting journey, and I now that I'm nicotine free, I'm trying to pay it forward by sharing my experience. Apologies in advance for the long winded post. 

I picked up my smoking habit in the military and was a pack a day smoker from age 18 to age 24. By my best estimate, I tried to quit through various means in those six years at least two dozen times. I only ever made it past the 24 hour mark once, and even then, my best was 36 hours before I gave in and bought a pack. I tried cutting back, switching to dip, cold turkey, NRT, and chantix. None of them worked. (as a side note, not to bash a quitting method that may work for some people, chantix plunged me into a dark depression that took me quite a while to dig out of. However, I do know a few people who used it successfully with little or no side effects. Obviously, talk to your doc.) 

I really decided that I needed to quit when I left the military and headed for college. Although cigs are a common sight at weekend college parties, not a lot of people smoke at my school regularly, and it was clearly becoming a social hindrance (girls, etc). I also started playing club lacrosse at my school and being a smoker in conjunction with intensive conditioning sessions just became unsustainable. 

Since I had tried everything else I decided to do something different and the Vape seemed like a good option. So i took the plunge and dropped the cash on a box setup with sub ohm tank. I started out with 18mg nicotine juice but quickly switched to 12 mg after a few days.  I tapered off my cigarette use over the course of two weeks, limiting myself to my favorite cigs of the day only (the wakeup with a cup of coffee cig, the post meal cigs, and the before bed cig). I also switched brands of smokes, I was a camel guy for most of my smoking career, so I switched to the considerably harsher marlboro blacks. The rest of the day I was exclusively using the vape. When it was time for me to have a scheduled cig, I'd make sure to take a huge rip on the vape first and try and "ghost it" before lighting up the cig. Most of the time, especially during the second week I'd be so nicotine loaded that the cigarette would start to make my physically ill halfway through and I'd put it out. I phased out one of the "scheduled" cigs every few days until the only cig I had was my post bed cig. I barely even noticed when I ran out of cigarettes and forgot to buy another pack entirely. The transition was pretty seamless. 

I stayed at 12 mg juice for about 4 months. During this time I started to get my sense of smell back and food started tasting better. I also noticed that I was able to workout harder and run faster. I think that the vape was definitely hindering some of my athletic performance but nowhere near as much of a hindrance as being a pack a day smoker. I still had an occasional cough and I wasn't able to run as fast as when I ran cross country in HS, but no doubt about it my lifts went up and my run times went dramatically down. Tobacco smoke started to smell repulsive to me around the three month mark, prompting me to deep clean pretty much everything I owned. I wasn't worried about quitting or tapering down the nic levels of the vape at this point, just trying to get to a point where I knew i'd no longer be tempted to smoke cigs. 

At the beginning of month 5 I took the plunge and lowered my nic levels to 8mg. (Hard to find, but they exist, or you can mix). The first day or two was a little unpleasant, but certainly not crisis inducing. I dropped down to 6mg two months later and then dropped to three two months after that. The hardest jump for me was the 6 to 3mg. I had to chain vape for a solid week to stabilize myself. The entire time I used 3 mg I also felt like I was never getting enough nicotine, but I was getting just enough to not be freaking the hell out all the time. I stayed at 3mg for nearly 8 months, putting off quitting. 

Quitting vaping sort of happened almost by accident due to a series of events. The first being a visit to my dentist. Turns out vaping, like smoking, is kind of shitty for your teeth. I have no idea if it is worse for your teeth than smoking, but the hygienist and dentist both mentioned that my teeth were worse for wear from the last time I had visited them (worse even than when I was an active cig smoker), and I had developed some mildly serious gum disease, requiring hours of scraping and the removal of some tissue. The only habit I'd changed since my last visit was that I was now a chain vaper, basically having the thing connected to my mouth at every opportunity. My highly unscientific conclusion is that the vape had something to do with this unpleasant experience, as I still brushed and flossed the same as I always had, but vaped a lot more to keep cravings at bay with 3mg.  About a week and a half later, I broke the tank on my vape and was unable to get a new one for two days as I was traveling abroad. When I did manage to get a new tank, I just filled it with zero nicotine juice. I figured since I was already miserable and 48 hours in, the longest I'd gone without nicotine in 7 years, I might as well keep it up. 

I'm about a month into being nicotine free. The first 5 or 6 days were rough, but nowhere near as paralyzing as when I tried quitting smoking cigarettes. I had cravings, noticed an increase in general anxiety, and had some insomnia. When I would have a severe craving, I'd go outside and just hit the zero nic vape as hard as I could and focus on taking a deep breath in and letting a huge cloud out. It would be disingenuous for me to understate the shittyness of quitting vaping. It sucks for sure. But I can say with confidence that if you get down to a lower nicotine level like 3mg, ripping off the bandaid and quitting vaping is not even in the same league of misery as trying to quit smoking cigarettes cold turkey. 

 My vape sits on a shelf now as a momento. Though I do have occasional cravings for nicotine, they're manageable and short lived. Maybe lasting a few minutes and happening a couple of times a week. A lingering cough I had recently cleared up, and I'm planning on chasing and beating my high school 5k PR time this fall. :) 

 Best of luck fellow quitters. 
