A slippery slope... Non smoker for 7 years, intensely addicted after 7 weeks.

May 25th, I decided to smoke a small, hand rolled cigarette.  I don't know why.  The feeling... my god, the feeling.  The sensation throughout my body was divine.  Tingly, heavenly...  welcoming.  Like the hug of an old friend. May 26th, I smoked another.  I vowed to only dabble...  to smoke one on occasion so that I always enjoyed this feeling, this high, of the smoke.

13 days (maybe 4-6 hand rollies)  later, I bought a pack of nicotine gum in hopes of achieving that same glorious feeling once in awhile at work but without the nasty side effects of smoking...  the smell, the sore throat, the health impact.  The gum was a little tingly but overall underwhelming.  

Over the next few weekends when I was drunk I'd smoked a few hand rolled cigarettes until I became too drunk to roll.  Same thing on 6-9.  So when 6-16 rolled around and the loose tobacco was out, I begged my husband to pick up a pack Marlboro lights "to cut them open and use the tobacco for rollies" .. Instead, I just smoked them intermittently (on evenings when I drank) over the next few weeks between hand rollies.  

When I smoked that pack, I bought another.  That night my husband casually mentioned when the Marlboros were gone, we shouldn't buy more because we didn't want to keep smoking.  Although it was too late, I agreed.  I replaced that old pack with the new one, determined not to buy anymore after that.  After all, it's not like I was a smoker again.

On 6-8, I bought a disposable e-cig.  I spent the entire week of 6-8 vaping at work.  At my desk.  In the bathroom.  After the kids go to bed.  Late at night in the shower.  I ended up buying 2 packs of refills and 3 more starter kits for a total of 8 cartridges in a weeks time.

Worst part?  I no longer get the feeling.  I don't get the high.  Now I'm just dependent on it.  Worst of all, I can feel myself being short tempered with my kids.  With my husband.  With people around me.  I'm irritable and I know what's causing it:  nicotine.  I've gone from a non smoker to a nicotine fiend in 7 weeks.  

ITS NOT EVEN NOTICEABLY ENJOYABLE ANYMORE.  I don't get the tingly, heavenly sensation pulsing like happy lightening through my body when I take a hit.  Not when I light up, not when I puff on the vape, not when I chew the gum.  The nicotine doesn't give me the high anymore, it only (barely and temporarily) satiates the irritability.  The solution to the problem is also the cause.

A problem I didn't have 8 weeks ago.  Damn you nicotine, you beautiful yet lethal mistress.  Tease.  And now after 7 years of being a non smoker, I have to quit again :(  Here's to day 1!

