Time flies

So apparently I'm on 19 days - I actually stopped counting around the 9 day mark. I haven't craved cigarettes for about 9 or 10 days now. Having my first craving since then today and I think it's because it'll be the first time I've been in a 'night out' situation. I was supposed to go out a couple of weeks ago but it got cancelled so that was kind of like dodging a bullet when it comes to smoking/cravings.

I'm not really planning on drinking much (if at all) tonight but I think it could still be a challenge. The thing is, it's a hen party - I vaguely know the bride because she's marrying one of my SO's best friends (long story about why I don't know her well, let's just say she keeps him on a tight leash) but I don't know anyone else whatsoever - and we all know how drunk everyone gets on those. Drinking and smoking are very closely related for me.

I don't intend on drinking much because I don't know anyone at the party and don't like being anything more than tipsy when I'm around people who are pretty much complete strangers. The problem is going to be that smoking was always my comfort blanket in these situations. I would say "I'm just going out for a cig" and then relish my 10 minutes of peace outside. It sounds awful and anti social but I don't really feel comfortable around any of these women and there's some tension for me because to be blunt, I think my friend is making a terrible mistake and she's treating him like dirt, but I'll have to just pretend I'm happy about the whole thing, another good reason to stay sober. I can't really say "I'm just going out for fresh air" as often as I would go for a cig because that's considered weird (go figure) and I think I've hidden my lack of enthusiasm badly as it is. I'm not worried that I'll smoke but it's going to be pretty horrible with the awkwardness *and* the desire to go outside for a cig every few minutes so I feel like this might be one of those danger zones people have warned me about.

Just venting, sorry if it's a bit rambly.