21 year smoker, finishing week one

Hi. I have been learning/lurking/cheering for you all for quite some time. Will try to introduce myself briefly. I will fail at briefly. 

I am 38, married, and have two almost-tween children. I've smoked since I was a teen. Last year my only sibling was diagnosed with Myotonic Muscular Dystrophy. Since it's genetic, my dad was diagnosed shortly thereafter. The disease worsens by generation--dad was classed as mild, sister is symptomatic and on a slow decline. This blew my mind and broke my heart. No treatment, no cure.  

I was tested and cleared. Odds were 50%. That was when I decided that my reckless treatment of my body had to stop. 

I smoked two+ packs of Marlboro Light 100s for years and years. Last July I started c25k while still smoking that full load. I had to repeat some weeks, but I kept getting stronger. After I ran my first 5k I was hooked. I've run 13 races since then, including three 10ks. I also lost 25 lbs in that time, and I'm in the best shape of my life. 

I have played the whole "you can still smoke if you are active" game for a long time. Of course, that's a stupid game with stupid prizes. :p

I am running a half marathon this fall. I recently hit a plateau in my training and couldn't break 10 minute miles on longer runs. It was time. I love running more than cigarettes. And I want to be here and strong if/when my sister needs me as we grow old. I want to set a good example for my children, because I can see them emulating my husband and I in subtle ways as they grow up. I want them to know what it means to feel healthy and in control, not chained to an endless cigarette. 

Last Tuesday after lunch I went from my two packs a day to a 7mg patch. (Don't knock it, I tried your Allen Carr method and it didn't work for me.) The first few days were hard because I think that's a quarter of my regular nicotine intake. The anger and fatigue were tough to deal with, but I have a supportive family and a great non-smoking husband. 

I am glad that initial part is over. 

And I didn't miss a run. And I got faster almost immediately. A benefit rarely mentioned is the oxygen that gets to your muscles in the first week: my running cadence went up and I can stand up to pedal on a spin bike. I can breathe much better of course, but the extra power in my body was incredible. 

And I already broke that ten minute mile. :)

I was craving a little this morning so I typed this instead. I will finish out this first week at the dentist tomorrow, getting a head start on whiter teeth.

Most of my cravings are background noise. I haven't had any "dig through the drawers and pockets" moments. If I feel a craving start to swell I change my thoughts to focus on athletic ones, on my goals and accomplishments. 

In closing, I want to thank you guys for this sub and taking the time to share your experiences. It's been extremely helpful to read and read (and read some more). I'll be around for a while longer until I get comfortable in this new non-smoker body!