Two weeks at midnight!

It's just after 11:30pm and I am stupid proud of my milestone tomorrow. So I'm throwing out a ramble. If TL/DR: so much good, hardly any bad, I love my new baby life. 

My energy started returning on day 12, after taking a big dip last week. I am currently having nasal congestion and a productive cough, but that's no big deal. Cravings come, but they also go. Appetite is returning to normal and weight is going back down now that I can run again (the lack of energy cut my miles back last week.)

Sleep is slightly wacky, but I am still on that 7mg patch. Even with it being weird sleep, it's still better than it was as a smoker. Feel like I am more relaxed. I love waking up now; I don't think I even stretched before rising as a smoker. I was in a rush to get outside to smoke. Ew.

I didn't smoke inside, but I had to buy new pillows over the weekend. I washed my current ones, but they still smelled like smoke from my hair. Ew again.

Oxygen friggin' rocks. My lungs feel huge. I'm amazed at how fast 20+ straight years of damage can heal. My muscles are pleased with their increased share of o2 and they let me run and run without tiring. That's the best. I feel like a kid. :)

My skin is looking gorgeous. I gave up on it long ago and resigned myself to aging, but now I'm encouraged by how healthy and clear my face looks now. I feel pretty again. 

How did I find time to smoke 40 cigarettes a day? No wonder I was anxious all the time. I am sad I couldn't see it until now, sad I didn't understand what the cravings really are. 

I am trying to find more bad to share to keep this post honest. Still having some digestive issues, going to try to help that situation this week. Worth the minor suffering there too. 

In just 14 days, I have filled my savings account with $150 not smoked. That's...insane. 

Today was the first time I felt confident in my quit too. Something clicked. 

I love building this new life and finding new channels for my time, energy, and money. 

Don't worry--I am still on guard for the bad days and will be for as long as necessary. 

But today I am a nonsmoker and I am going to celebrate, so that when/if times get hard I will remember how good I felt. 

Life doesn't feel like a dropped ash smeared on the ground anymore. It feels new and pink and light. 

Yay. ;)