Welp, slipped up and had a cigarette

As the title says. I was at over six weeks and I smoked a cigarette last night.

To give some context, I live in Philadelphia so you can only imagine the scene playing out before me lol. I got pretty drunk at a bar. I didn't go into center city where the rioting was because I have class early today (and really I'm sorry but I don't care all that much for sports), but I was pretty drunk and for some reason just went straight for the cigarette.

I guess it's just a testament to how even if you think you've Got It, you don't always Got It and you always have to be vigilant. Somehow. 

It did taste gross, like all those first cigarettes I had back when I first started smoking at 14. I was worried I would be a miserable mess, but I didn't really experience the nicotine withdrawal pangs like I used to when I smoked afterwards. I did cry a little bit before bed over it so maybe I did have some nicotine withdrawal pangs haha. I've been pretty anxious/depressed lately since quitting (wasn't sure if it was chemical or if it was due to other stuff), so feeling this way today isn't new.

But now I'm hungover, got very little sleep (woke up at like 4 am and couldn't fall back asleep for a few hours), and now I feel like I'm not in my head. I don't know if this is from smoking or from the hangover and lack of sleep or all of it, but not only do I feel unfocused but I feel like I'm just not experiencing my life kind of. Like disassociating. It's bizarre and I hate it and I just want to sleep but I still have more class and work today. 

I also feel more out of breath and hated realizing my coat smelled bad.

I read that dopamine levels fix themselves three months after quitting. I've been anxious and depressed since I quit and I wasn't sure if it was because of that, and I really wanted to find out. I really hope my one cigarette didn't mess that up, because I don't want to prolong the anxiety and depression I've been feeling. That's what I regret the most about smoking. 

I'm happy, though, I only had one. I don't feel any more cravings today than I did before I smoked yesterday. It just feels surreal that I smoked. I had almost forgotten how to. I feel disappointed. But here's to quitting again lol.

Go birds I guess 