First 48h are almost over.

Hey,

I stopped smoking the day before yesterday at around 22h. I just turned 23 in December and had been smoking since I was 12. Of course at that age I would smoke one cigar per month, because it was hard to get my hands in that kind of stuff. Then, when I turned 15 it became easier to get them and by the time I was 17 I was already smoking a pack of 20 per day. So... it's been a while.

Throughout my life as a smoker, I tried to quit many many times. Most of the times I would go cold turkey and rely on my power of will to overcome the withdrawal. The longest period I was able to go without smoking was around 20 days, which were caused by going on a vacation with my girlfriend. She knew I smoked, but I didn't like to do it next to her, the breath smell and the taste of my mouth... It worked because we were almost always apart, we studied in different cities.

So, what changed? Well, two things, firstly I broke up with my girlfriend. It was smooth, no big deal. We couldn't keep up with the distance. Nevertheless I realized that when I was with her I would make a lot of decisions because of the cigarettes. For example, sometimes I would not sleep at her place, not only because of other reasons, but also because I knew that I wouldn't let myself smoke at her place. That made me realize that if I wasn't a smoker I'd have enjoyed my relationship with her much more.

Secondly, I'm about to finish my master degree and then Ill be off to find work and probably live in another city. Turns out that my financial situation is not the brightest and continuing smoking with lead to my bankruptcy.

So, how am I doing it? Well, I was gonna quit after finishing my master thesis, because I was looking at it as a stress factor that would make it harder to stop. Nevertheless I began reading the famous "Easy Way to Stop Smoking" by Allen Carr. Well, turns out that I engaged in the reading a lot more than I expected and since I couldn't wait to finish the book and quit smoking, it took me two days to read the book. I'm pretty positive now that I won't ever light up a cigarette again in my life. It's an amazing book that truly opened my eyes to how I was brainwashing myself.

So, how am I doing? Well, the withdrawal symptoms are here. I can feel my body telling me to go downstairs and buy a pack. However, the way I see it, the way Allen made me see it, this is just a symptom of something great. It is a sign that my disease, smoking, is healing, and that is what I want.

A note about the timing, well I do have my master thesis due on the 29th of January. It's a lot of work and I'm definitely behind schedule. However, had I not stop smoking now, when would I? stressful situations are all over our life, our life is always stressful. When I deliver my thesis I have to prepare for its public defense, then I have to start looking for a job and attend a lot of job interviews, then I'll have to start working and until the end of the first month I'll probably have some financial struggles. Well... you see the point.

TLDR; read allen carr's book and stopped smoking with my master thesis to finish within the next three weeks.