Use of choline supplements to reduce cravings

This is an experiment I'm conducting on myself.  If you don't already know, acetylcholine is a neurotransmitter used by many components of the nervous system, particularly reflexive and autonomous functions.  Nicotine upregulates the receptors for this neurotransmitter, which means it makes these receptors MORE sensitive to acetylcholine, effectively increasing it's ability to relay information, and this aspect of nicotine is considered to be a potential primary cause of the associated cravings.  In tests, nicotine (before addiction) has been shown to increase alertness, memory recall, and the formation of new memories, most likely because of this upregulation.  The theory is that as nicotine levels in the blood drop after smoking the acetylcholine receptors down regulate, or become less sensitive to acetylcholine, and your body craves this upregulation to reestablish homeostasis.  This test is intended to examine the effect that increasing acetylcholine levels in the body has on physiological cravings, if any.  Additionally, I expect to see changes in my anxiety level (severe generalized anxiety disorder).  Documentation to explain why I expect to see a change can be found by googling "acetylcholine and anxiety."

I have purchased two supplements.  Because acetylcholine can't be consumed directly, precursors to acetylcholine are being used.  I am using citicoline sodium as a precursor, althought there are others available.  Additionally, I have purchased Gotu Kola, an herb that contains triterpenes shown to reduce the breakdown of acetylcholine, increasing blood levels and reuptake.  My theory is that the two in conjunction should increase my levels throughout the day, and reduce my bodies reflexive desire for nicotine.  I don't expect this to have an effect on my habituation, only my physiological cravings.  The doses I'm using daily are 300-500 mg citicoline, and up to 1.5 oz of Gotu Kola.  Any changes in this I'll document.  

For reference: I am male, 135 lbs, 5'10, and besides smoking and anxiety, my health and physique are above average for my body weight.  I smoke weed every day, usually a hit or two every few hours.  My diet is balanced, my bmi is low normal, and my body fat is probably right around 3% right now.  I have been smoking roughly ten years.  I seem to have an unusually addictive relationship with nicotine: I spent six months with no access to it, but picked the habit right back up as soon as I did have access.  The cravings never subsided.  No idea why yet.

Tldr, acetylcholine could have a relationship with nicotine addiction.  Testing by increasing blood levels of acetylcholine.

A note, I started the citicoline yesterday and it seems to have already reduced my anxiety a considerable amount.  It could be incidental as my anxiety tends to come and go in waves about a week long, but since the sudden onset of this disorder I have not been able to consume caffeine without using klonopine as it causes immediate sever anxiety attacks.  I have had a cup of coffee these past two mornings (coffee in the AM is not a habit of mine and never has been, typically I just drink coffee with desert) which has been wonderful because it has been a long time since I've been able to enjoy it.

Wish me luck :)