3rd attempt to quit. first week in the books! i have some extra motivation this time.

last monday was the 20th anniversary of my father passing away.  He was in poor health (not smoking related) and was living on borrowed time.   As the day approached, i started thinking about the usual things, how i miss him, what he'd think of me, how much he would love his grandson's (one of which i named after him).   The biggest thing that stuck out was how i know he would've given ANYTHING for just a little more time on this earth.    


i originally decided to quit smoking when my 6 yr old came into my lap crying his eyes out saying he doesnt want me to die and asked me to quit.  i guess they talked about it at school or something, but it was enough to tell him yes and we set a date.  


So fast forward to a few weeks ago, thinking about my dad's 20th anniversary.  i started feeling selfish for giving up on quitting.   I had made it through 6 months, but i lost my will power and gave in and was back to over a pack a day in no time.   i managed to hide it from my son pretty good, but i was sneaking out to go smoke.   I kept telling myself i was going to quit again, it wasn't that hard, but i just kept procrastinating.  


So on the eve of my dads anniversary, i was out back enjoying a bourbon and a smoke, thinking about life and wishing i could have a drink with the old man.    I smoked the last cigarette in my pack and made a decision it would be my last.    I originally made the decision to quit for my kids and I couldnt think of a better day to do it than honor my pops at the same time.    I know he would've done anything he could to stick around and see me grow up.   


i made it through the first week and honestly, it has been pretty easy.   Ive had a pretty stressful week at work, but i haven't had the urges like i did before.   In my last attempts, i made the mistake of bumming a smoke here and there which eventually became bumming a couple every day, which eventually led me to smoking again.   The VERY first time i bought a pack, i went back to a pack a day smoker.   I wont make that mistake anymore.  I dont NEED a cigarette, i want one, but i want to be here for my kids way more.   

i didnt make this thread to brag or to get support.   Hopefully it will inspire someone who quit quitting.  Dont give up!  You have to want to do it for yourself, but having motivation sure does help!