How I lost my mum in one weekend

I posted this elsewhere a while ago but I thought it might serve as motivation for quitters with kids here. (Sorry for the wall of text)

A couple of years ago when I was 18 I came home from college for a spur of the moment weekend visit. The day after I got home my mum, my dad, and me went for a day out at a Tibetan monastery a couple miles away. At the end of our day as we were making our way back to the car my mum started feeling really unwell and headed to the toilets, that's when she collapsed. My dad sat me down just before the ambulance arrived and told me a couple weeks previously my mum had been diagnosed with lung cancer and they were planning on telling me that night. The rest of the night was spent sitting in the emergency room waiting area trying to process what was happening.

The next morning we headed back up to the hospital to spend another day waiting around for someone to tell us something, this is the day we were told she was terminal. This was also the last time I ever seen my mum conscious. She woke up just before we left and told me she loved me.

The morning after that me and my brother decided not to go to the hospital with my dad and we tried to have a somewhat normal day thinking we would see her tomorrow and she would be home soon aswell. About an hour after my dad left my grandma showed up and told us to grab our things as we were going to the hospital immediately. She dodged all of our questions the whole drive up and I tried to pretend I didn't know exactly what was happening. When we arrived my mum had been moved to the ward were people go when there's nothing left that can be done for them. This is when my dad told my little brother that mum wasn't going to get better and then later told us both she was unlikely to make it to tomorrow.

We sat with her for hours holding her hands and stroking her hair but she never woke up. We all took a few minutes separately to say our goodbyes hoping she could still hear us then at half past 3 in the afternoon she started breathing erratically and convulsing my grandma ran for the nurses and they checked her over but said there was nothing that could be done and this was it. I remember my dad shaking her and shouting at her to hold on then eventually he looked at us and said it was time to let her go. We sat for the next couple of minutes and watched her die, then it was over.

On the Friday as far as I knew I had a happy healthy 42 year old mum and on the Sunday I had none. Lung cancer kills quickly and it kills young don't put it off till next week or next year and risk your kids having to grow up without you. Don't let your 41 year old husband go home one night without you and try and figure out what he's going to do every night from now on except sit in the living room alone watching the shows you used to watch together. As a smoker myself I know how hard quitting is but losing a parent or a spouse is harder, don't put the pain on them.
