Long time lurker, 90% of my lurking time reading your posts was accompanied by a cigarette. At 12:30 pm I will have completed 4 days without a smoke!

Browsing through people's stories really helped push me to take quitting more serious. Quitting the awful creation that took not only money from me but also my health.

I know all the terrible consequences that come with smoking but I just couldn't stop. I tried quitting on a couple occasions with no success. I'd make it maybe a day before I just gave up and lit one up again.

I began smoking when I was 22 off and on. I thought I had control over it, that I wasn't addicted. I was smoking only a few a day, a pack would last me at least a week in the beginning. 

The past 3 years my habit has increased to a pack a day, some days even more than a pack. I bought a vaporizer around that time as I had a friend who was having some luck with it. It helped for a day before I just began doing both. The vape did not satisfy my cravings at all and fell through as a failed attempt.

I had a few small attempts in between but I suppose there was a piece of my that didn't want to live without the cigarettes. I began making rituals out of smoking that really got deeply intertwined into my conscious.

While cooking dinner I'd smoke one. After dinner was made, another. After eating I would have another. Hell I couldn't even walk somewhere or play a video game without the feeling of being 'incomplete' if I wasn't smoking. It's almost as if I couldn't enuoy these activities without one. It was awful.

I began having anxiety the past couple months about smoking. Having dreams my teeth were falling out or I was on my deathbed being fed oxygen because I could no longer successfully take in a quenchable breath of air. Some mornings I would actually awaken having to breath fast and heavy to get oxygen into my lungs which was quite frightening.

I commend all those who go cold turkey but I knew with my addictive personality I felt if I went that route I'd set myself up for failure. I've tried the gum, patches on multiple occasions with no luck. 

One evening last week my co-worker had brought in his newer vape. Mind you I had a vape from years prior which didn't help me at all, his vape was much different - more advanced as technology seems to do over time. He let me try a drag out of his vape and it was quite satisfying. I got that feeling on the back of my throughly, I felt it in my lungs, it was that feeling I loved from smoking cigarettes. I thought maybe I could try this whole vaping thing again as its seemed to come a long way.

I finished my last cigarette at 12:30p on Wednesday. Instead of buying a pack like I do daily, I went to the local vape shop and got set-up with a nice, brand-new vape, 'VooPoo Mojo' and some juice, could.

Felt like this was going to be a gamble again but with this thing and 3mg banana nut muffin e-juice I've been able to successfully stop smoking. The first day wasn't bad, even had some drinks with my girlfriend who smokes with 0 temptation. However Friday and Saturday really started to make me itch for a smoke. My co-workers all smoke and these were especially stressful days. I used the vape to rid myself of the cravings but I felt if I didn't force myself to use the vape that I may have, most definitely reached for a cigarette.

I'm starting to cough up thick mucus, my taste is coming back, and am definitely starting to smell things much better than I did before. It's an amazing feeling
My goal is to mark my date here, push as far as I possibly can without a smoke - which hopefully is forever.
I'm enjoying the vape and plan on slowly reducing the amount of nicotine until there's none. Maybe one day retire the vape as well but for now it's one day at a time.

Thanks guys for sharing your stories, I wish success to all of you. 
 
