52 days into my quit hurt my back at the gym got drunk relapsed

I've been free of tobacco for 52 days, it felt really good, I was getting somewhere. In the beginning it was easy. I started by making quitting smoking a priority. No more cigarettes, that's it. For some reason I craved those slim jim beef jerky meat sticks. I bought them by the dozen. Different brands, whatever beef jerky snacks I could think of. Expensive but I figured since I'm no longer spending money on cigarettes I can afford the luxury. This got me through the first couple of weeks.

The main symptom of withdrawal that I noticed was night sweats. The moment I go to sleep I sweat like there's no tomorrow. The sheets are wet, the pillow is wet, I have to put a towel under myself to make it through the night in some sort of comfort. 

This finally subsided about a week ago, a little more than a month into my quit. At the same time, my head felt clearer. In the beginning, it was a battle to stay awake at work sometimes, especially after lunch. Gradually, it became easier to concentrate, the fogginess went away, I was able to do things without feeling mentally handicap.

I also started working out. First, twice a week, then on Mondays, Wednesdays, and Fridays  I would do my 5x5, and fill in the Tuesdays and Thursdays with cardio. Today, as I was doing squats, I felt a pain in my lower back and realized I pulled a muscle. As I limped home, my girlfriend got some wine to take the edge off.

Now I've had wine before, and I also felt the temptation to smoke before but never given in so I guess I figured I was safe. My girlfriend smokes occasionally but it was never an issue. We like to mix wine with water, the way Romans used to do back in the day, but I guess this time the mix was stronger than usual (she was mixing it for me since my back was hurt) so I go drunk pretty quickly. Soon enough she was asleep and I was still awake and craving something extra. I deliberated with my inebriated mind, and kept logically telling myself that it's a bad idea to smoke, but part of my brain kept saying that I should do that naughty thing that I want to do and I eventually gave in. I reached for her stash and smoked a couple, and then some more. And it felt good. It feels really good. It still does. I can smoke, and smoke, and smoke... 

Tomorrow I have to go to work. I know I will get up with a shitty feeling, a sore throat, a bad taste in my mouth. It's not going to be fun. Getting up is never fun. Going to work is never fun. I don't want to smoke, I know if I keep doing it I will most likely get cancer, my health will deteriorate, my mind will get worse at solving problems. 

But in the short term, how do I convince my brain, how do I convince myself not to take that puff? When I am alone, at night, in that moment of leisure after work and before the next day of work, how do I tell myself that the high, the pleasure, of smoking is not worth it? I'm afraid that tomorrow comes and I won't be able to resist the temptation.

 