Today is the 2 year anniversary of when I stopped smoking. Whoa.

Two years without a cigarette would have been unthinkable to me even when I stopped.  I didn't believe that I had the willpower and that I would always be a smoker.  I thought that I enjoyed it too much.  I thought that the cravings would get so intense that I would go insane without a smoke.  But I made it!  I made it passed those first three days, and I made it through those first two weeks and now I've made it through those first two years.  The person I was two years ago wouldn't actually recognize me now!  


One of the biggest hurdles I faced was changing my definition of self from "smoker who just hasn't had a cigarette in a while" to "non-smoker."  Today I went to the park near my work on my lunch break and took a walk.  I did not run out of breath.  I didn't even breathe heavily.  It didn't even occur to me until just now that that would have been impossible for me to do two years ago.  There was this group of three younger people there who stopped me and asked if they could bum a cigarette.  I told them, "I don't smoke."  


"I don't smoke."  Those words actually left my mouth--and they were honest and without hesitation.  I didn't say, "I quit smoking."  I didn't say, "I don't have any on me."  I didn't say anything that a smoker without any cigarettes on him would say.  I said, "I don't smoke."  Even when I said that I surprised myself.  My definition of self has changed.  


Don't get me wrong, I still have cravings every once in a while, but I can easily ignore them.  I've had a couple of close calls, but I've always reminded myself of how hard it was to quit.  The first three days were hell for me, and I seared them in my mind and I can remember exactly how it felt.  I don't want to ever repeat them--which I would have to if I ever lit another cigarette again.  I know me.  I wouldn't be able to stop at just one.  But cravings only last for a minute or so.  And it would take far, far more effort to give in and go to the store and buy a pack and a lighter and smoke one than it does just to wait it through.

&amp;#x200B;

Today marks the 2nd year of the rest of my life, and even though there are other struggles--with money, with relationships--the future is bright.