Slow and steady substitution method

I wanted to share my method to quit smoking and I thought this might be a good place for it.

It's my belief that one of the hardest things about quitting is that there is way more in cigarettes than just nicotine that you're addicted to. So nicotine substitutes such as, patches, e-cigs, or gum, don't satisfy all your cravings. Your brain is still screaming at you for all the other stuff. This IMO makes quitting  cold turkey nearly impossible and I think that's why a lot of people relapse when trying to go cold turkey. At least that's how it was for me.

I've found that where nicotine substitutes don't satisfy all your cravings, using them a lot will give you a relaxing nicotine buzz. This can help you ignore the other cravings. I used an e-cig but I don't see why my method can't work for gum or patches. 

So what I did was write down the time, every time I had a cigarette in one day. Then I found the average time between each smoke lets say it was a 20 min time interval. I used this to slowly substitute my e-cig for real cigarettes. I would have one cigarette then one time interval later I would use the e-cig. 20 min later I would have a cigarette. After a day or two of this I would have 1 cigarette then 2 uses of the e-cig in a row. Then to 3 uses of the e-cig between each cigarette, then to 4 and eventually I just used the e-cig. This made it a lot easier on me and made quitting, which I had tried to do many many times, possible. 

The main reason I decided to quit was that I kept waking up really early and started coughing like crazy for at least an hour. After this I was awake and couldn't get back to sleep. I wound up functioning with about 4 hours of sleep a night because of this. 

Before I really tried to quit I ended up switching to lights, then ultra-lights, I don't know if this helped at all but I thought I'd detail everything I did in the quitting process. Then I started cutting back with the e-cig. In a week I was down from a whole pack a day to half a pack a day, and it continued on like that until I never touched a cigarette again. 

Another thing that really helped was I quit during a rough winter where it was negative 15 degrees outside on average. So I had to decide if I wanted to go out in the cold or stay inside and smoke the e-cig. The cold made the decision a lot easier. I know this doesn't really effect those of you who can smoke indoors, but it might help you if you made it a rule that you have to go outside when you want to smoke.

I hope this helps some of you, best of luck, I'm rooting for you