First Post here, First week in, rant/wtf is going on

I will give an intro about myself, then give basically how I am feeling today/concerns I have. This is not meant to be a rant, but I do not have the time to see someone right now and figured that someone here may be able to shed some light on what is happening. 

First, I am 24, have been smoking since I was about 14. For the most part I was a half a pack a day for the last 5 years but recently (last 6-8 months) was near a pack a day (maybe 18 smokes a day). I had tried to quit before with half assed, decreasing the amount of smokes a day or vaping and all that. I had quit cigarettes by vaping but was still spending the money on vape juice/coils and eventually went back to cigarettes anyway. I had enough and money was tight anyway so I told myself Saturday 5-22-17 that once the remaining smokes in this pack are gone, so am I. There was like 2 left Saturday morning and so by noon i was out. 

And so it began. 

I should also mention I take vyvanse every morning which helps with adhd but can sometimes make me a little stressed. 

Okay Monday sucked badly, Tuesday was crappy but not as bad as Monday (tried kicking my front door in when the key was being fidgety), Wednesday was alright, Thursday was fine and thought I would start to see some big changes. I thought by today i would see some kind of improvement in my life, some shining light I have not seen before coming into focus. But no. I have seen no real changes in my breathing (which were not bad to begin with, only when doing cardio sometimes did I notice anything wrong), no changes in mood other than depression now, no changes in my physical health at all. But there have been changes in my mental health.

I knew that the nicotine would be a bitch. and the cravings and agitation from that would be rough the first few days. I am over that for the most part. Yeah traffic sets me off on my commute home and all but little things are not making me angry or anything anymore. not like the first couple days. So once i am over that i figured i was good to go, smooth sailing. But that is far from the truth. I am severely depressed, i have zero drive to do anything at all and am just generally miserable. Not because of cravings or whatever.

I am afraid to do anything that i did before that was a trigger, i am afraid of playing video games because i would smoke after every couple games when it got really suspense full and stuff but I worse of all is my lack of energy mixed with the pointlessness of doing anything. Before i would reward myself and plan out when my next smoke would be i.e. I will smoke when I get off the highway, during lunch break (multiple), when i am heating up my dinner in the microwave, etc. I would reward myself i guess with them and plan out my next one. It helped me accomplish tasks. Now my brain is still like smoke after you put that load of laundry in. I am able to be like no I will not smoke and it is not even a craving, its just a thought, how my brain works. I do not get agitates or mad or whatever by it. What happens is, I do not complete a task or want to do anything because I see it as pointless without being able to reward myself with a smoke after. 

So my energy levels have gone up some over the past couple days but still are really really really low and am extremely disappointed with the lack of benefits i am seeing from this so far (as in none). I see i have saved like 26 dollars so far which is cool and all but like my depression is like, is this shittyness and more boring, low energy, depressed life worth saving 36 bucks a week? As I have noticed zero health benefits which i though i would, and only bad things is kinda were i am at. Like I am past the nicotine cravings and agitation, now just depressed as hell. 

So that is that. Like my brother and mom are stoked for me but I'm like wuw great yeah awesome... whenever they say anything. Just not what I expected. 

I know i am not killing myself anymore, but I never felt like i was dying in the first place so I don't see any health progress. 

Halp.

TL;DR: I quit 5 days ago and am over the agitation and nicotine. Expected more out of this. Having doubts because I thought it would be a whole lot better. It is not. 