In 4 days I'll hit 7 months smoke free

And I feel amazing!  I know that if I did it, being as weak-willed and prone to caving in to cravings as I am, then it's possible for anyone out there to do the same.

Other than taking Wellbutrin for about a month before I quit and a month after, here are the things I did. Maybe it will help someone else out there, too:

Read [Allan Carr's Easy Way to Stop Smoking](http://prdupl02.ynet.co.il/ForumFiles_2/15119301.pdf) (free PDF link).  I didn't hear about this book until a few days after I quit, but I wish I had read it sooner.  It definitely helped put a lot of things into perspective for me, and I would recommend it to anyone who has or is thinking about quitting.

Download a free stop smoking app on your phone.  I use an app called myQuitTime, but I know there are others out there.  Through myQuitTime I just plugged in the date and time that I stopped smoking and there's a timer that counts the days, hours, minutes, and seconds since I've had my last cigarette.  During a craving it's really helpful to look at that and see how much time has passed, how many cigarettes I haven't smoked, and how much money I've saved.  It gets to a point where you don't want to ruin your streak.  myQuitTime also has a red button that you can hit in an emergency that will give you inspiration in the form of what good having quit is doing for your health and lifestyle, and preprogrammed quotes that you can either keep, replace, or add more to.  There are also progress bars to different milestones.  This little app is simple, but has been extremely effective in keeping me on track.

[whyquit](http://whyquit.com) has a ton of stop smoking info that was extremely helpful as well.  This site can be a little militant for my tastes and looks like a geocities page from the 90's, but it definitely instilled in me its "not one puff" philosophy.  It hammered home for me that a single drag off another cigarette is only going to lead me back to smoking a pack a day.  It convinced me that when I'm craving a cigarette, I'm not thinking about all the cigarettes that I've had that made me feel sick, or the cigarettes that I've smoked without thinking about them, or the cigarettes that made me feel dizzy or out of breath.  I'm craving that "one good cigarette," which, after not smoking for so long, the first one after such a long time wouldn't be anyway.  It would make my head swim and me feel nauseous.  There's no more such a thing for me as "one good cigarette," only a fall back into addiction.

Blueberries.  I honestly don't know what it is about blueberries, but a friend recommended me to eat them when I was feeling a craving and they work some sort of magic.  They may not completely take away the craving, but they definitely lessen the intensity of it for me.  Similarly, gum.  Gum is invaluable.  I also used to smoke menthols, so the mint flavor really helps.  Brushing my teeth during a craving helped as well, as did sipping ice water through a straw.  Actually, the water thing was the biggest thing that got me through those first two weeks.  I constantly had a huge cup of ice water in my hand and a straw in my mouth.  It was pretty much a pacifier.  I would take small sips in a way that would mimic taking a drag off a cigarette.  It made me pee a lot, but it was worth it.

The first 3 days and by extension the first two weeks were hell.  Absolute HELL.  I knew they were going to be so I locked myself in my apartment when I had a few days off work and asked a friend to hide my car keys from me so that I wouldn't be able to leave and get cigarettes.  I made sure that the last cigarette I had was the last one in the pack.  I emptied all ashtrays so I wouldn't be tempted to smoke butts and looked in all my cigarette stash places where I would keep "emergency cigarettes" to make sure there was absolutely no tobacco in the house.  I stayed pretty much away from everyone I knew because I knew I was going to be angry at the world and no one deserved that because I had decided to quit smoking.  I stayed as far away from smokers as I could for about a month.  I then tried my best to sear the terrible feelings of those first three days into my memory banks so that now, when the rare craving occurs, I can think back to that and say, "That.  That's what smoking made you feel like.  Do you want to have to go back to feeling like that again?"

I've had a lot of support from my family and friends.  I can make a post on Facebook and get a ton of likes and comments from people who tell me they are proud of me.  It makes things a bit easier knowing that people I know have my back.

And, finally, this subreddit has been invaluable.  It pointed me to Allan Carr, myQuitTime, and whyquit.  I don't post much here, but I do visit and read.  I posted a lot more when I first stopped smoking, mostly because it was easier to get through my cravings if I could find someone who was struggling and help get them through theirs.  This place is a lattice of support.  We lean on each other and through helping each other, we help ourselves stay on track.  It's an amazing community, and I'm really happy to be a small part of it.

I quit smoking on the first of September of last year.  Knowing that I could stop smoking, I also have started to cut back on other "addictions" that I have, like fast food.  I stopped going to fast food places in January.  It has really given me inspiration to make other drastic changes in my life, because I know that if I can stop smoking, I can really do anything.  The only bad side effect that not smoking has had is that I've gained a lot of weight--mainly because food tastes so much better now without the ever present coating of tar on my tongue, the dead taste buds, and the deadened sense of smell that smoking causes.  I'm making the changes now to get the weight off.

I hope that what I did on my journey might inspire people.  I hope that by sharing the things I did I can help someone else.  Quitting smoking is hard.  It is really, really hard.  But now, 7 months later, the cravings don't come as often, and when they do they're easier to get through.  Cigarettes are not the only thing I think about anymore.  I can go days or a week or two without even thinking of them.  I feel like a non-smoker now as opposed to a smoker who hasn't had a cigarette in a while.  For anyone reading this and struggling, you will get there eventually.  You just have to hold on.  Sometimes you have to count the seconds, but just hold on.  Cravings don't last forever.  They always fade in time.  You can do it.