After more than 3 weeks, I'm ready to post the initial changes.

After attempting to quit two times prior to this and never making it past one week, I think I finally quit for good. In the previous attempts I wasn't really trying, I was doing it with a "Well, if I end up smoking again, it just happened, y'know" mindset. This time I actually couldn't stand my smoking anymore, I had narrowed down my choices of cigarettes to Camel Lights, I couldn't smoke anything else without becoming disgusted and was holding on to the only cigarette that actually pleased me. My packs ended and I decided not to buy any more. Cold turkey, just like that.

Now for the changes. I have a very weak immune system, sneeze at anything that touches my nose and get colds because of simple weather changes, not to mention lately I have a very lazy lifestyle, so my stamina and lung capacity is already not great at all. As a smoker I had a chronic cough and was tired all the time, not to mention how my non-smoker friends mentioned that I smelled pretty much every time we hung out, despite my efforts to hide the smell. I have plenty of free time, so I had created a habit of chain smoking all day, or at least having a cigarette after any activity. If I didn't have a cigarette after not smoking for a while, I'd start getting stressed out and anxious, distracted from everything else that was going on because I was thinking about smoking, so you can imagine how hanging out with friends was like. After these three weeks, I'm having very few cravings every now and then, my chronic coughing stopped and I already feel way more energetic. I'm getting more efficient sleep, I last longer awake, I do everything better than I used to as a smoker, and since it hasn't been too long, I expect this to only improve. Yesterday I had breakfast with a friend who smokes, he lit one up while we were walking about and I that didn't make me want a cigarette at all. I don't mind the smell of cigarettes, probably because my aunt was a smoker and I got used to it, I actually kinda like it, which it probably why I started smoking in the first place. The smell didn't make me crave one or anything, though, and that lack of an urge made me feel really proud of myself.

I hope I keep this up, I've created milestones so I have goals to look forward to, they are: 10 days (already reached ofc), 30 days, 60 days and 100 days. I'm glad I managed to stop and I hope to get back into a healthier lifestyle soon. And for anyone who's making up excuses not to stop smoking: You know it's bullshit. The pros far outweight the cons(if there actually are any) and if you're in this sub it means you're willing to stop. You may not be able to quit cold turkey, everyone's brain is different, but know that the cravings and the excuses are all a chemical reaction in your brain, your conscious mind knows better.