100 Days! How it worked for me (bit long)

Today marks 100 days since I quit smoking and I’m so pleased to be able to say that. For me 100 days always seemed like a good milestone that would mean I had really quit rather than just managed to stop for a bit. I suppose now is as good as time as any to share my experiences. I’d like to point out that these are just how things appear to me and other people will most likely have very different ideas. Seriously though, I am the sole possessor of truth so you all need to take notice of my wisdom. 

One of the things that always seemed daunting about quitting was the idea that I’d spend the whole time thinking about cigarettes and that the choice was between smoking and feeling bad about that and having to constantly stay in control to not smoke. Seemed impossible. What about when I’m drunk or feeling reckless or bored or something? In reality, I had maybe three to four weeks of actively forcing myself not to smoke. After that I just stopped giving a crap about cigarettes. Obviously since then I’ve had the odd moment when I’ve been hanging out with a smoker and thought about bumming one and had to ask myself whether it was worth it and concluded that it definitely wasn’t. The main reason being that I believe that having just one will lead back to the pit of smokey bullshit that I’ve just climbed out of.

I bought an e-cig just before I quit so I’d have something in case I needed to replace the action. When I bought it I got 0% nicotine liquid and I used it a bit at the beginning. I think standing there feeling slightly ridiculous inhaling vapour without nicotine made me realise how I wasn’t addicted to the physical action or taking time out or anything and it was just nicotine. Try spending a week inhaling nicotine-free apple flavour vapour and see if you want to keep doing it. It sucks. You’ll probably find something better to do and realise that nicotine is what keeps you coming back. Even after the last nicotine had cleared my system I think that cravings are still related to your body wanting it. Though I don’t really know anything about this so don’t quote me. In any case, I’m sure there are loads of people who continue vaping with 0% indefinitely and swear it’s brilliant but for me it suddenly seemed so pointless. 

Before I quit I’d read easyway and found it helped a bit and made me think about how getting prepared mentally is important. If you haven’t read it you may as well but don’t worry if it doesn’t work for you. The main ideas that are interesting are that cigarettes don’t actually help with anything and in fact make everything worse (true story) and secondly that you’re not giving anything up stopping smoking will be a positive experience (also true). 

As I quit I came up with a few rules and ideas to help. This stuff is gold I’ll probably write a best-selling book about it:
1) Smoking is shit and it’s killing me 
2) It’d be difficult to do a lot sport and still smoke. I’d probably puke! 
3) Anytime I feel like I want to smoke if I could read some stuff from people who are quitting /have quit it’d probably be motivational
4) I’m a simple character and I need simple rules so no smoking. Not one.
5) If you go into a trigger situation identify it beforehand and think it through so you don’t crack 
6) People are different so don’t worry if other people have different plans or ideas about how to quit and don’t be a dick to people (even on the internet)

So I quit. Then I went running quite a bit. I read this sub, particularly when I caught myself wondering whether it’d be a good idea to sneak off and smoke a couple. I didn’t smoke. After a few weeks I stopped wanting to smoke much, I started liking  running more than smoking and I didn’t call anyone a Nazi for having different opinions to me on the internet. I read a lot of posts from people on here who all seemed to agree that smoking was shit and that they were happier when they didn’t smoke. Gradually I didn’t have any desire to smoke anymore. If I have any advice for people just getting started it’s that it gets easier with every milestone. If you can make 3 days, a week is possible, from there a month isn’t too hard. After that 100 days is just cruising. 

So here we are at 100 days and I guess the next milestone will be 1 year. Until then I’ll keep running, not smoking, and check in in this sub now anytime I feel like that’d help. 
