I wrote on a notecard the reasons why I am quitting.

I've kind of taken a pretty big dose of reality lately... I'm finally recognizing that smoking is an addictive and harmful habit, and that I am indeed a smoker. 

I used to call myself a "social smoker", meaning I only smoked with my friends and it will be a really easy habit to kick when I need to kick it. I don't even remember how it happened. Why I smoked my first cigarette. Why I kept telling myself that I would be able to quit whenever I wanted to, and that it isn't THAT addictive. Bottom line, I was in denial the entire time, and I didn't feel the withdrawals because I kept smoking and smoking and smoking. 

I've been trying to cut back lately. I'm not buying packs anymore, which used to lead me to smoking at least three or four times a day and every time I'd go and smoke, I would text my buddy that I'd bum him one. I was so in denial that I would legit hand out my cigarettes to my friends so they'd smoke with me, and I did this because I wanted to keep telling myself that I am a "social smoker". 

So I searched online for some ways to quit smoking. One of the tips is to write down your own reasons to quit smoking, and to keep it in your wallet and to look at it every time someone offers you a cig or every time you get a craving for one. 

So I ran through my head why I wanted to quit smoking... I knew that I was wasting my money from the start. I knew the health risks before I started smoking. What I wrote down on the card was the year my mother was born and the year she died. Her name, her age when she died, and a little note saying "YOUR OWN MOTHER DIED BECAUSE OF SMOKING". I looked at this after just caving in and taking a cig, and I feel like such a moron for letting this happen to me after my own mother died because of the same habit. I feel like fucking crying and breaking down, because if she saw me smoking a cig today she would smack the living shit out of me. 

That's my goal guys. We're in it together. I'm going to leave this card in my wallet, and honestly I'm going to show this card to my smoking friends, because they honesty don't ever believe me when I say I'm gonna quit. If I show them this card, they'll know what's up. 