I inadvertently quit smoking before a 15 hour flight. My bad.

I️ stopped heavily drinking in preparation for a vacation to England tomorrow. Three days after avoiding my local bar, I️ began to cough lightly. The following day it became compulsive and my head and back began to hurt. I️ figured I️ had shot my immune system by overworking to save for this trip.

Then I️ looked at what I️ was coughing up. Disgusting, yellow/brown, snotty mucus. Suddenly it clicked. When I️ stopped getting drunk, I️ accidentally quit smoking!

Whoa. I’m one of THOSE people.. that only smokes when they’re drunk, and I️ mean DRUNK. Two doubles and I️ am fine, anywhere after that and I’m probably eyeballing who I️ can approach to sweetly ask for a menthol. By the end of the night I’ve chain-smoked everyone’s cigarettes and probably bought my own, which I️ without fail drunkenly leave behind, all while forgetting I️ ever bought the damn things.

Trust me, I’m glad I’m not smoking. I’m grateful it’s not my toughest crutch, because I️ know many of you here suffer enormously. Noticing my body in overdrive for what I️ subconsciously considered a nonissue habit, has been eye opening. I’m grateful and I️ don’t plan on going back.

But my head hurts, my eyes, my back and my brain. I’ve gone through two rolls of toilet paper blowing my nose. I️ can’t stop coughing, dry then wet, then the snot begins to pour from my nose. It’s hard to breathe. It’s like the flu without the overall weak an exhausted feeling, yet all the other symptoms.

I️ can’t be that person on a 15 hour flight that is making everyone squirm in their seat. It’s giving me anxiety! What if I’m sat next to an elderly person and they’re terrified for their lives the whole flight. Or a mother and child and she asks to sit elsewhere. Is that even allowed?

I️ asked myself what am I️ going to do, and the jerk in my mind replied: have a cigarette, get drunk at the airport bar and pray you pass out for 15 hours.

I️ don’t want to do that. I️ do, but I️ don’t because I️ just can’t.. I can't move backwards, while flying upwards, towards a dream I worked really hard for.

Wish me luck I️ guess. If you’re flying to Gatwick tomorrow and see a woman in her twenties, wheezing over her neighbors seat, coughing up yellow baby snot.. it’s just me. And I’m so sorry.

Let me buy you a drink. Just kidding cuz then I’ll want one, and we know where that leads.