Im quitting smoking - diary entry, day 1

its almost midnight here in my country and I would like to review the day. (Btw if anyone is reading this, I encourage you to listen to [this](https://youtu.be/fm9_frUShBY?t=15m28s))

To be quite frank I kind of half assed it. I didnt smoke a cigarette, but I ended up vaping at the second half of the day. But back to the morning. 

It started out with out any problems whatsoever. I felt a little bit tingly but I was still pretty calm. Then I got hungry. Which is quite strange for me. Because when I am smoking, I always skip breakfast. I remember reading somewhere that smoking affects your bloodsugar. Maybe it has something to do with it? After eating I got more and more anxious. For some reason I feel anxiety in my back. Another side effect was that everything was also more pleasureable. Especially music would give me a high far higher than usual. I also felt the need to be active. So I put on some music and shadowboxed for about 5 min. At this point my lungs were already done I stopped boxing and went out for a walk (with my music). 

Outside I started to get really emotional. Thinking about problems with family. over dramatisizing the problems. Likewise I started to think what it means to be a nonsmoker. I remembered my (longer) last quit and how I still occasionally wanted to smoke one. So I thought that I will always will want to have a cigarette. I kind of accepted that and felt a little bit of peace within. 


After getting home again I got bored and it felt like the withdrawals were reaching their highest point. Not knowing what to do, I went on reddit. I randomly browsed subreddits and came upon /r/electronic_cigarette. 

To keep it short I ended up thinking that cold turkey is too hard and inhaled my ecig. I felt a soothing calmness. After vaping for a while I got indecisive wether I should actually try vaping or try cold turkey again. I mean it should be easier to gradually cut down to 0 mg right? But on the other side I think that I will have to gou through withdrawal anyways. . 

Anyways. I'm still not sure what to do. I'll go to sleep now and decide tomorrow. Thanks for reading :).