Experience so far with nicoderm cq

Three days!  Does it count if I'm on the patch?  In any case, I haven't smoked, and I don't plan to.  I'm doing two weeks of nicoderm cq step two, two weeks of step one, and then off.  When I tried to go cold turkey last week I was a huge a-hole at work, and, well, that just can't be happening.  Every little thing made me want to rage.  With the patch, the nicotine withdrawal is completely under control and I feel fine.  I get the urge to smoke now and then, but when I'm around smokers the smell of it makes me kind of nauseated.  I feel slightly nauseated constantly, on the patch -- but not in a way that's too hard to deal with.

I'm 30 now and started drinking coffee at 15.  For years I had to have a cup of coffee in the morning.  I'm still on caffeine, but not necessarily coffee.  It all started in college when I began using caffeine pills to swim faster. Eventually, rather than just using it for performance, I would take them if I didn't have coffee available.  At this point I'm still on them.  I usually take 100mg when I get up.  Often, that's the only caffeine I have all day -- about as much as a cup of coffee. 

So the other day I'm waking up and popping my caffeine, and it hit me:  I am not addicted to drinking coffee.  I am addicted to caffeine.  Simple, but so true.  I'd bought into the idea that addiction to cigs is about the act of smoking.  So I thought I'd try the patch and see if I could use it to eradicate my habit, which, by the way, was on the light side at about a half pack a day.  All I can say now is that yes, smoking became about getting nicotine, not really the social side of it, or anything else.  My body was telling me to smoke because I needed the drug and for that reason alone.  I don't think it's true for everyone. 

It's only three days so far, but I don't have intense cravings.  I can't predict exactly what might happen on step three (7mg a day), but I have a good feeling about all of this -- that I'm in control of this, whereas before I was not.  I felt chained to smoking, and now I'm unchained.  (Maybe chained to nicotine in its various forms?  Time will tell). 

I'm coughing up all kinds of yellow stuff and nastiness like that.  The cough is worse now than while smoking.  I imagine this will last for a few weeks. 

As a competitive swimmer for almost twenty years, I developed really excellent lungs, and something about that, I think, meant that smoking was very rough on me. I don't know whether it's that my lungs have more surface area, or sensitivity, but when smoking, I developed a bad cough on a regular basis -- to the point where it was offputting and interfered with my work (which is telephone-based).  

So, there is my little story.  Nothing too interesting.  Just my story, and it feels good to write it.  Cheers 
