From a psychological or hypnotherapy perspective, how does Allen Carr's method work?

Is anyone familiar with Allen Carr’s work?

From a Psychological/Hypnotherapy/NLP/CBT perspective what does he do? How does his method work.

I’m trying to reverse engineer the process so people can use it for other bad habits.

I want to break it down to a framework.

So far I broke this theory down to the following explanation: As we know, humans are pleasure seeking animals. Pleasure, (for our ancestors at least) was natures way of rewarding you when you performed actions beneficial to our survival. It also used pain to keep us from undesirable elements of nature. Modern living has messed this system up a bit (desire for calories, addictions, etc.) But aside from pure rewards and  there’s also a subjective nature to pleasure and pain

You can seemingly focus on the pros and cons of any given behavior and alter that behavior.


For example B.F. Skinner’s experiments with rats showed that a rat would perform an action that produced pleasure (reward) and would avoid an action that produced pain (punishment.)

But Dr. Aaron T. Beck, the founder of Cognitive Behavior Therapy added a caveat. These rewards/punishments have a subjective nature to them. Pure behaviorists see things differently, but let’s save that for another time. For now let’s take it at face value  So Rewards and Punishments are at least partially subjective. In very laymen terms people do things they think are good, and avoid things they think are bad.

While that sounds obvious, that may be the most profound notion when it comes to modifying behavior.

What it seems that Allen Carr does is take every argument that smokers generally have gategorizing smoking as “good” and shows them why they’re full of nonsense.

Examples from the illustrated version:

http://imgur.com/a/sUQo8

He basically says “oh you think this is a reward? Let me tell you why this is actually a punishment.” Or at least a neutral stimuli.

He systematically takes every “benefit” to smoking and crushes it.

This really hits home when there’s a chapter on the benefits of smoking. It’s just 4 or 5 blank pages until he continues the rest of the book.

But he takes a unique approach to smoking cessation and behavior modification. Think of every smoker having a mental Pros and Cons list. While the commercials try to add reasons you shouldn’t smoke (thereby adding things to the “Cons” list) Allen Carr seemingly removes the things that that smoker has on their “Pros” list. Which works like a charm. They say “Why do you smoke” then removes those mental reasons.  It’s essentially the carrot and the stick argument. The commercials, national health organizations try to add mental sticks by showing you images of people with their voice boxes removes, amputees, etc. But Allen Carr just says “There’s no carrot there in the first place, so why even do it?”

The technique I came up with so far is:
A) List all the PROS, or positive aspects to this behavior. Be honest. What does this behavior do for you?
B) Now pretend you’re the world’s greatest defense attorney and explain why this argument is completely ridiculous, and provide a counter argument.

Make yourself realize it’s just a trick you’re pulling on yourself.

i.e.: “I don’t get enough work done when I know I should

Reasons: “I like to relax”
Argument: “Is this really helping you to relax? You constantly stress about deadlines. You would be significantly more relaxed if you just got it done THEN relaxed.”

Anyway, can anyone provide a little insight, or help me develop my technique? I heard NLP has a similar technique called propulsion. Maybe understanding that will help me. But any insight will help.
