A Month into quitting as of today, craving gone but smokers flu persists

Hey guys, today marks the one month anniversary of the day I quit smoking :D I had only one in this entire month when I was drunk at four in the morning around the 2 week mark (and with my sense of taste returning it tasted horrible). But other than that one (which was a VERY skinny rollie that I couldn't even finish) I have been smoke free. Its my first time quitting having gone this long not buying a box, as I never got past the 3 week mark before.

My cravings are almost completely gone with only the occasional little craving when I'm hanging out with my smoker friends. I posted on this subreddit around the one week mark about my smokers flu. It has subsided quite a bit. 

My throat still gets sore but not as often or as sore as before. Im started to get quite gassy last week which I am told is normal around the 2-4 week mark. Although my main issue at the moment is nausea and fatigue. 

I have been getting quite nauseous pretty often lately, especially when on trains (which is unusual because been travelling my whole life and never gotten any kind of motion sickness before) or at just seemingly random times.

And I also find myself getting very tired quite easily. Like after maybe 2 hours of walking which used to not bother me too much, I will land home and feel very fatigued. I have been resting up a lot over the past month and haven't been exercising much so I wanna change that but I'm finding it difficult because I tire out so easily :/

Just wondering is fatigue and nausea like this normal a month after quitting cold turkey? I went to see a doctor just to get checked up, make sure that there is nothing wrong and he was able to tell that I recently quit smoking without me telling him by looking in my mouth and after he examined me (normal stuff like pulse, blood pressure, checked my breathing, throat, etc) he said he doesn't suspect that there is anything I should be worried about, and that it all seemed pretty normal. Although he took some blood for tests to be 100% sure and to help alleviate my worries and I'm waiting on the results which I should have by Tuesday.

Any advice would be appreciated on the nausea and the fatigue and whether they are normal at my stage of quitting smoking. Sorry for rambling on btw, I tend to babble haha
Thanks guys :)