4 days strong after 20 years

Hello all.  This is probably the 3rd time I've realistically quit or tried.  All in the past 4 years or so.  I've managed to go up to 9 months before falling back in.  I'm hoping this time will stick.  It's been four and a half days so far and It going surprisingly easy.

A Few things I've learned is that when you want to smoke, just wait.  It's just a craving and it will pass.  In time, there will be less and less cravings.  Eventually down to a couple a day.   My problem is when I'll be out drinking with friends months down the road and I'll look at myself as strong and I'll "reward" myself with a smoke.  Well that never ends well as one lead to many more until I'm smoking all the time again.  
Second It's all about breaking your routine and relearning what you know.  These are the triggers that can get to you.  Getting in the car, after a meal, after a bowl, with my coffee.  Just breathe and wait and the craving will pass.  After you do these things a few times your routine will change and you wont even think about it.

The first time I quit I found a website and watched videos religously.
http://whyquit.com/joel/  I dont know why i latched onto this one but it wasnt flashy and just had a lot of good videos that made sense.  When I started to learn about the effects of smoking on the body, I was much more willing to give it up.  

I've found a new tool in this modern age, and that is actually what led me to this website.  An app called Smoke Free Beta.  Its a study some college kid is doing but basically it keeps track of all sorts of stats for you.  From money saved, to time regained on your life, to tracking how many cravings you have each day.  It has me enter a diary each day to keep progress of how you are doing.  And each day it gives you a mission to give you something to keep your mind busy.  That is what led me here to this subreddit.  At this point I've been 108.28 hours smoke free and saved $42.86.  

I hope I can stay strong in the coming months.  I think this app will help me to see how far I've come so I wont be as quick to throw away the progress and hard work.  Hopefully with a little support I can stay quit for good this time.  I've been smoking for more of my life than I haven't and I'd like to start the second half smoke free.