1st txt on Reddit 13 days in on smoke free app

1st time posting.. but I've been reading posts here which have been really helpful. I've smoked 25 yrs & failed to quit so many times i can't remember how many. Longest time was 3 months. (Google- icky three's)
 I've had my slips since beginning Smoke free almost 14 days ago and watch my health badges or health dashboard go away or back to zero on some & get reallllly bummed & figure since i screw up 1 day having 1, then whats 1 or 2 more for the day. I feel stupid for letting big tabacco control ME. Like a devil on my shoulder constantly! So i started using a vape pen (0% nicotine) to help combat that evil invisible prick and that helped me get to 3 days completely smoke free, finally. I have started expelling phlegm which is good i want it all the way gone out of my system. The last 6 months I've been waking up feeling like I'm drowning! That gets ur attn! I hate smoking!
 Its not so much the nicotine withdrawal I'm struggling with. Its the pure habit!  So, i go to where i used to smoke when i get a really tough craving and NOT smoke there.. just use the pen. However, I am concerned I'll just trade one addiction for another. So I'm trying to not use pen on my normal triggers. I try & fight those with mantras and reading posts or snacks. Also, i let people at home know when they're actions are making me want to cave and they help by stopping whatever they're doing that's not helping me stay strong. (Anxiety is a biggy for me) so w/ their help, im grateful for them! It does take help from others whether here or at home & work. 
 I want my life back! I wish I had succeeded the 1st time with 3 months under my belt.  Especially now that i realize how much time ive wasted all these years. And i just read the icky 3's ...wish I'd  a known way back then! Instead I thought I had it licked! <Smh> The Time stolen from my family & soon to be grandkids is/will not be ok with me. I question all the time 'why the hell did i ever start!?" but I know the real question is 'why the hell am I giving it the control & power over me, still!! When I want to be a non-smoker this badly!!?' How can a person be so conflicted & know deep down it's the last thing I want to be... A smoker.

I do feel better I gotta admit! Also admit I Find im feeling more depressed than normal. This is really difficult.  Ive quit worse things.. and succeeded a heck of a lot easier & way faster. Which baffles me about why i am struggling so hard w nicotine! Sorry so lengthy... just disappointed im not stronger & the willpower im not exactly finding. Best motivation ive found is when i can say i haven't had any for 3  days (in this case ..so far). Hope to keep this momentum going upwards, even when I'm feeling so helpless... 
Glad there are so many of you doing so well. Congratulations! And to those who are struggling... You're not alone but I do know it gets way better.