Made an account just to post this; I will never smoke again.

http://i.imgur.com/wzn6xsa.jpg

This post may get a little dramatic so I apologise in advance for any writings that seem egocentric and just generally over the top, it is my quitting story and I don’t think I’d be able to tell it well without a bit of passion.

It’s been a year today since my last cigarette. The attached pictures are how I looked last year whilst I was still a smoker and how I look now. My first cigarette was when I was eleven and I still remember it well. One of the older kids in our village was generous enough to give me a cig behind the pub down my road whilst we were on the hand made rope swings that fell over the ditch.  I was smoking on and off for a while afterwards but that stopped when I was 13 and I started taking an interest in fitness. I was obese as a child and one day I just had enough of being fat and unhealthy.  After two years of going to the gym doing cardio exercise and weight lifting on a regular basis I gained a lot of muscle and lost all the fat. I was leaner, faster, and very physically fit. It was a welcome change to my childhood obesity.  

A change that wasn’t so welcome came when I was 15. I started smoking again, properly this time and to the point where it (and it inevitably always does) became an addiction. I gave into peer pressure and simply didn’t realise I was a full blown smoker until I was buying packs for myself instead of scrounging them from my friends. Needless to say my health and fitness suffered greatly, I first realised in school playing rugby when I couldn’t run half way across the small pitch without my lungs killing me. I was still exercising on and off but it could never be like before, the impairment on my lungs was too drastic for tremendous amounts of cardio activity so my fitness was essentially pushed aside for a long time because I couldn’t handle my previous intensity and I didn’t want to stop smoking. It’s a funny cycle, how could you possibly improve if you aren’t able to push your body anywhere near it’s full potential? You can’t, it’s not how exercise works. I regrettably made the wrong choice and I stopped doing cardio exercise, soon enough my weight training fell through too and I would hit the weights as a passing phase once or twice a year, which is of course pointless. I was completely drained of motivation and stopped going the gym. 

When I first started university over a year ago I was the weakest and heaviest I have ever been at 14 stone. I signed up to the universities gym in hopes I could get my health back and although I made some progress poor nutrition and smoking destroyed anything it could of become. I was weaker than when I was 15 and I could only run for 3 minutes now with max effort, afterwards my lungs would be feeling like they were going to collapse. 

My priorities were set straight one night after a very bad hangover at university. I had an epiphany, although I felt absolutely dreadful with my mouth tasting like an ashtray drowned in vodka I lit up anyway even though it was clearly the last thing I needed or wanted. I took a look at the cigarette in my hand and realised it was this would one day kill me. I was feeling awful and it was almost 90% down to the smoking. I had enough, just like before with my obesity I wanted my health back.

I decided at the turn of the next month I’d quit and I did on the 1st of February 2012 after 6+ years of being a smoker. I didn’t finish my last pack and I just threw what I had away. I gave my ashtrays and lighters to my housemate and smoked herbal cigarettes for two weeks until I eventually couldn’t stand the taste. The first 3 days of not smoking were the hardest, I’d like to advise those on patches or other nicotine replacement therapies to just ditch them and go cold turkey for the first week of quitting to be truly free and save yourself a lot of heartache and money. The withdrawal is temporary and the lifetime benefits of health are more than enough of a reward.  During this time I’d like to say that the NHS quitting pack helped tremendously. It was nice to track your progress and to know exactly how better off you were regarding both health and finances. 

After less than a week without tobacco I went to the gym again and my max effort running went from 3 minutes to 10. I fell in love with fitness all over again, something I failed to do when I was still a smoker.  This became my motivation to stay away from cigarettes and it became so much easier because the benefits were amazing. I looked healthier, I had more money, I was faster, stronger, tougher and the biggest benefit was that I had no need to light up or buy cigarettes ever again. There was no constant state of withdrawal and I was finally free. I’d like to say if anything helped speed up the recovery of my lungs it would have to be successfully completing Shaun T’s 60 day Insanity workout, within the first two weeks I felt like I had never smoked and by the end of the 60 days I felt the healthiest I had ever been. (The workout can be found here http://www.beachbody.com/product/fitness_programs/insanity.do)

I continued working out after finishing the program and with a combination of strength training, cardio, and intermittent fasting I’ve lost two stone and put on a lot of mass within quite a small period of time. My fitness and health is now primary again (as it should be) and has replaced cigarettes as my addiction.

As corny as it sounds all smoking ever did was stop me from being who I was always meant to be. I love my current lifestyle and I feel like a completely different person. I’m hoping to take the Tough Guy challenge in one years time (http://www.toughguy.co.uk/) which is something the old me could never of done. I’m sharing my story and pictures with you because I felt if there was ever a chance they might be able to inspire those who can’t see a way out of their current lifestyle it would make sharing them worthwhile, I know I couldn’t see a way out 13 months ago. It’s never too late to change and it’s never too late to quit. I have never had a hangover as bad as the night I decided to give up the cigs; you’ll only feel better. I hope you all find great progress like I have whatever your goals are. 

I wish you all the best of luck on your quitting journey. 
