Thank you guys :)

Hey guys, exactly 8 weeks ago I quit smoking for good. Now I have had one or rollies when drunk over this period but they didn't cause any form of relapse, in fact they cemented in my mind how much I hate smoking and I couldn't finish them either times, just took a couple of drags and snubbed them. Any previous attempt at quitting only lasted from 1 hour to 3 weeks and when I opened this subreddit today, I was shocked and delighted when I realized that I had hit the 2 month mark :D

I posted on this subreddit once or twice asking for help with smokers flu and I got some lovely supportive responses and I am happy to say that it has completely subsided. No more coughing, sore throats, chest tightness, fatigue, nothing. I am breathing better, tasting better and smelling things properly for the first time in forever.

Although I only posted once or twice on this subreddit, a lot of nights I found myself going through peoples posts and stories, reassuring myself in the fact that others were going through similar things as me or were having a much worse time than I was quitting but still powering through, which gave me hope.

I spent over 4 years smoking thanks to college stress, which included both regular tobacco and a lot of joints since I lived with stoners, which was a huge mistake on my part because it made it that much harder to quit when literally everyone in my house was smoking something at all times.

So I just want to say thank you. And I hope never to go back on them regularly and hope that people here can beat smoking. It's difficult and stressful but so worth it in the end. I have an incredibly addictive personality and I never thought it possible that I could go a day without a cigarette, let alone 2 months. 

I hope you all have success in your quitting too, and I have no doubt I will be tempted in the future, but its reassuring to know I can always come back here, read some personal stories, and see how much progress I made :)

Thank you :D