Fear and a Box of Toothpicks: How routine hernia surgery caused me to quit smoking cold turkey.

Thursday, Feb 21st, I was scheduled for routine hernia surgery. Since I had to fast, my last cigarette was about 10:30 pm the night before. This procedure is supposed to be an outpatient one: go in the morning, 45 minute surgery, rest of the day in the hospital to make sure you're fine, go home in the evening.

Instead, what went down was much different. After the surgery was over, the doctors were removing the breathing tube from my trachea. For some reason, my body panicked, and my throat slammed shut on the tube and started to spasm. My unconscious body felt the lack of oxygen, so it began pulling hard, but I couldn't get any breath. My lungs started to fill up with fluid.

When I wake up, they tell me what happened and say I'll need to stay until my breathing, blood oxygen and blood pressure levels are back to normal. I ended up staying until Saturday afternoon, fighting for breath and coughing up thick red/black garbage. The doctors had asked if I had ever had any breathing problems before. None. Ever. They asked if I smoke. About half a pack a day. They said I should quit, it could have been much worse.

So, I've been without cigarettes for about a week now. It's not my first time trying to quit, but it is my last. You hear all those stats and numbers, and sure, they mean something, but they're always too abstract to mean anything real. You always find a way to justify smoking to yourself. But honestly, a couple of nights in a hospital, fighting for breath and needing an oxygen tube to be able to get through a sentence without being winded is great motivation. Honestly, I had never been scared like that before. 

Thanks to someone on this subreddit, I downloaded the Cessation Nation app. Don't get me wrong, I am still getting the occasional cravings after a good meal or such, but with the help of fear and a box of toothpicks, I'm making it through. Every other time I tried to quit, when I wasn't smoking, I still wanted to smoke. I was just trying to force myself through. Nicotine gum made me continue funneling nicotine into my veins so that the cravings never reduced, and when I fell off the wagon, I fell hard.

Now, I actually don't want a cigarette. I understand that my body is still purging, but the idea of sneaking off and getting a quick one in whole nobody notices doesn't appeal any more. I actually feel proud of myself. That doesn't seem like much, but that is an odd sensation to focus back onto yourself. I can remember very few times where I've ever felt proud of myself, and this is definitely one of them. 

It might have taken the specter of death hovering in the neighborhood, but it worked for me. I know there was probably little to no chance of me dying, but when I woke up and I just couldn't fill my lungs, it was a horrifying feeling. The nurse wanted my lung capacity on a flutter valve to be at around 2500 units. I could barely do 750.

Now I come to you confidently as an ex-smoker. And I wouldn't wish that feeling of not being able to breathe on anyone else. Do yourself a favor. Just be done with it. You'll be proud of you.