Day 1 Vent...

I am 31 years old. I have smoked a pack a day since I was 19. For about 5 years of that time I would also dip at least a half a can a day. I have always had a few beers in the evenings. I am disgusted typing this out. This is just not me anymore, and I can't continue with it.. It's just time that I kicked all of their asses. I have two boys and have to set an example. It sucks that this is going to consume my thoughts for awhile when I'm trying to do more productive things.. In some ways quitting feels counterproductive short-term.. but I'm willing to go for it this time regardless..

I have quit for about 5-6 days twice before. One time was a few months ago. Then the weekend comes and I have a drink, which leads to more, which leads to the "I haven't even had a craving, I'll be it's fine if I have some cigarettes and then a dip, then start back quitting tomorrow". I have only gone a week without any alcohol whatsoever one time since I was 19. I'm not an alcoholic, I just like to have 2-3 cold beers or mixed drinks of an evening. Anyhow, I can't have one without the other. I'm barely handling this coffee right now, probably switching to water after 1 cup. Also I dip about 1 can a week. That's not a lot, I'll just throw a tiny pinch in when it's inconvenient to smoke...

I have been budgeting hard to get out of debt.. and I spend $100/wk on cigarettes/alcohol/dip/energy drinks/ice.... That is unacceptable... Also I want my mind to be sharper. I noticed during that week of no drinking / smoking / dipping that I felt  a bit fresher every morning and mentally sharper throughout the day. Anyway.. I will struggle with the self-pity-excuse-making-whiney cravings for awhile.. 

Day 1 strategy...

1. Post here... but not tell anyone personally. 

2. Don't snack a lot and get fat.

3. Chew on things.

4. When angry, walk a lot and do maths in my head.

5. If extremely angry, do 15 pushups/pullups.

6. Find a decent tracking app. (Reddit may work fine)

Everyone here has really motivated me a lot, and although I can't actually surround myself with people who have the same situations or goals.. I feel like seeing the occasional post from this sub on my front page really helps me feel a bit connected with people who have the same goal as me. Makes me feel like I'm not a piece of shit or weak for having a hard time with it, and that it can be done. Today back to my #1 personal rule "Don't ever pity yourself." It helps me to do something about it, or see the opportunity in it, or you know be a half-full guy... I'll really have to cling to this when I get anxious and crave. 

I apologize for venting and the vomit of the keyboard.. I am very optimistic. Thank you to everyone in /r/stopsmoking for your support. 

