The most important thing I learnt as I quit smoking

To start with - I'd tried to stop countless times, and one day I was having an argument with my girlfriend about smoking as we were walking past a bookshop in Bristol, and we both saw Allen Carr's book on stopping smoking at the top of a pile of books labelled "Free, please take". After reading that, it's now been 1 year and 5 months since I've smoked anything and I just wanted to pass on something I will never forget and will always remember from the book when I think about the whole smoking subject.

It's important to remember is that when a smoker has a cigarette, they are getting back to the same level of satisfaction a non smoker has their whole life. There is an illusion that you are improving your satisfaction levels when you smoke, you technically are but only because you decreased them by the addiction making you want a cigarette so badly.

So for example - after 2 hours in the cinema, you want a cigarette more than ever as you've been forced not to smoke. And when you come out of the cinema, you light up that cigarette and it feel s even better than usual.

This is the same reason that convinces people that they enjoy smoking. When you have gone a long time without a cigarette or are forced not to have one, maybe your boss doesn't allow you to take a cigarette break, then when the time comes to finally have one you treasure that cigarette more than you would usually, and therefore creates illusion that you enjoy it.

I used to say I enjoy it, and all of my friends give me reasons why they still smoke. But the reality is that you're taking something away from yourself to then have it again and this feels like a positive. 

You're only going back to square one. Where all non smokers are with in the first place.

The same goes for cutting down, it makes you treasure the cigarettes that you do have and you see them as a positive addition because they make you feel satisfied. But that great feeling of satisfaction is the feeling of you have forever once you quit.

Just wanted to reiterate some things that Allen Carr really helped me understand.

Good luck to everyone!