Day one (second day one in a row) and I am feeling depressed and suicidal.. god help me.

Me and my bf have been together for a little over a year. We smoked together through all of that and as we were dating, whenever I had any emotional problem (and I have a lot of them) I would withdraw into my cigarettes. I started smoking more and more heavily, relying on them as my only friend. 

A month or two ago my boyfriend decided he was going to quit smoking. He told me I was quitting too, so I resented him for telling me what to do and I kept smoking. Ever since he has been on my case about smoking and I finally decided, atleast I try telling myself that, that I would make a real effort to quit. 

I havent had a smoke since about 10am today (I smoked less than half and got rid of it. Telling myself it was time to stop) and it is now 9pm. So I'm only at like 11 hours since smoking and I am absolutely miserable.

I have been crying nearly all day, I feel absolutely depressed. I don't want to think about what it will feel like tomorrow... when I have to get up and go to school. I was able to spend my whole day crying by myself.. but tomorrow I don't have that option. 

I feel absolutely alone. I have no real friends except for my boyfriend and one distant friend who I see every month or so. I really relied on smoking to be that one thing I could go and do, that one thing that was always there for me.. and now I have nothing. I feel so lost.. I feel so alone.. I don't know what I am doing with my life.. 

It doesn't help that the main reason I am quitting is because of my boyfriend.. I have been grumpy today and yesterday (I tried to quit yesterday as well, but I broke down and smoked around this time), and since I am grumpy he is just avoiding me.. So instead of having him to lean on, I am forced to be by myself and just rot in my pity. 

I am thinking about suicide at an increased rate.. Which is absolutely pathetic, considering I am trying to quit smoking which is something for my health (more to just get bf off my case). I have always been the type who looks at suicide when really depressed, so this isn't uncommon.. But it is making it increasingly hard to not smoke. I think to myself, god if I just go and have a smoke I know I will stop feeling this way..

I don't know how to keep going. I feel like I am falling apart.