confessions of an addict

I think I am severely addicted to cigarettes. I have a pretty addictive personality as it is, but the cigarette addiction seems different.

I used to regularly smoke about half a pack a day. My boyfriend would sometimes join me. He had previously quit, and generally only smoked when I did because he finds it harder to abstain when he is around me (or others, but especially me). Then one night (about a year and a half ago) he said that we would have to break up because he couldn't be around me anymore due to the smoking. I offered to quit right away, because I was sure I loved him more than cigarettes. 

I did quit for a while, and I switched to vaping. Eventually I felt confident enough that I had quit successfully, and so I would have a very occasional cigarette from time to time. At that time I could have a few "cheat" cigarettes and then go back to abstaining without much difficulty.

Then, about a year ago, my boyfriend and I got into a very serious fight about something unrelated. The stress of the fight and the sadness I felt led me to go out and buy a pack of cigarettes. I had a 2 day pity party in which I stayed in bed, only going outside to chain smoke.

Well, we made up after this particular fight, but now I found myself  buying a pack EVERY time we had even a minor fight and every time anything remotely stressful happened. 

Then one day I realized I was back to smoking anywhere from 3-15 cigarettes almost every day, regardless of stress. That is because the stress happens, at least in part,  BECAUSE I need a cigarette. 

I have been smoking semi-regularly, although I still hide it from my BF so I do go without them sometimes. I'm sure my boyfriend suspects, and we both (even now) occasionally "give in and have one" if we are out drinking. He is the one to suggest it most times, but it always leads to a fight anyway because if I suggest it he says "no" and we abstain but if he suggests we have one I lose all willpower and say "sure."

I do want to quit, of course. Right now I am sick and congested with a persistent cough, and I still find myself smoking. It's very hard not to in my work environment (which by the way is a small business with lax rules, and people still sometimes smoke INSIDE).

I started listening to Allan Carr's EasyWay in the car. I don't feel like I'm ready to quit TODAY but I know I will have to by the time I finish listening. 

I'm just wondering... I realize this is an addiction. I am obviously displaying all the classic "Addict" behaviors. But if it is purely a NICOTINE addiction, why is it not fully satisfied by vaping? I still use the vape occasionally, but I always crave a cigarette. The vape actually makes me cough more than a cigarette does, and now I basically use it to hold me over until I can sneak a cigarette.

Sorry for the long & disorganized post. I just needed to get that out.

