Its been a year, I can actually hear Rose on the Titanic say that at the beginning of the movie....

Yes I know, it was way longer than a year for her in the movie when she spoke that line.  But today is my year...  There were days that I felt like I was hit with an iceberg and even some days when the ship actually hit me when I first quit.  Survivors guilt was there too on so many days when I just wanted one more but held on tight to my life vest while I watched my friends continue with their habit.  I expected weight gain but I never in my life thought that depression would kick my butt.  Don't let anyone tell you this is an easy quit.  My guess would be if it were that easy then they will probably fail and go back to smoking.  For me, I never want to experience this again and my health was beginning to suffer because of my smoking.  Not only that but my Dad passed with COPD and Emphysema and listening now to my Moms breathing with COPD is absolutely awful.  I don't want to live a life that struggles every day to breath or die a life where I feel like I'm suffocating.  I don't want to have to rest after walking from my vehicle into a store or live my life around when my next breathing treatment will be.  Now, 365 days later and I can breath better.  I can say that I don't smoke or I'm not a smoker for insurance purposes.  I don't stink but my smoker friends do. I have not saved money, but I'm not in debt due to a $10-12 a day habit and the anxiety of running out no longer exists. I don't have to take smoke breaks any longer just to feed my self indulgent monster.  I can fly in a plane and not knock people over as I run to the gates just to get outside to find a place to smoke.  I don't have people look at me funny (well, at least not for this reason), because they know how bad smoking is and I never could except it the truth behind it.  So many things have changed in the last year and it only took time to be able to look back to see how far I have come.  I stepped on the scale this morning too.  With my weight gain I decided I needed to do something about that and I wanted to do it before my one year anniversary.  Down 15 lbs now which is probably about 5 lbs less than what I gained, but still have about 45 to go in total.  Figure if I can stop smoking, I can get the weight back off too.  2 life style changes in a year and proud to say I've beat one and am steadily progressing in the other.   To those of you who are struggling, you can do this.  You can win the battle and kick the tobacco companies butts. Why put money in their pocket when you can keep it in yours.  You can live a healthier life and a longer one.  Best of luck to each of you who is starting today or reading posts here just thinking about starting your quit or just struggling to get to your next day.  You are stronger than you can even imagine.      