Forever grateful

A little more than 9 months ago I smoked my last cigarette. I’ve gone through everything you can just about imagine from depression, bleeding gums, eating anything and everything to  about going postal on a coworker. It hasn’t been easy. I spent many an hour on here, reading, learning, trying to get support as well as give it. It just dawned on me that it’s been a while since I stopped in. Never thought I’d go a day without this place but it did happen. I still have the days where I want to smoke, not because of a physical addiction but the mental one. But I bring that thought into my consciousness and force myself to remember the damage I’ve done and the struggles I faced for 35 years while I smoked. The money I spent, the damage to my health, teeth, psych health etc just because I picked a cigarette up to begin with. I’ve showed my kids that it’s ok to smoke and my I could kick myself in the ass for that one. Anyway just wanted to thank Everyone who took the first steps in this journey with me over 9 months ago. I appreciate everyone’s struggle, their help, insight, support etc. and to those of you who wonder will I ever get through this, you can and you will. Even if you fail today, start again tomorrow. Don’t waist a day trying not to quit and know that one day you will do as I did and realize that it’s been a while since the monster drove you to this site.   Always stop in, to read a post can be a reminder of your own struggle and help keep you on track. Since my last visit here, I’ve found out that my son and his new wife will be having twins in June and my youngest daughter just got engaged. I’d say I have a lot to look forward to and now I ca spend that 4000.00 that I’m not spending on cigarettes on something that really matters, those grand babies and my own babies pending nuptials. A little late but Happy New Year to all and best of luck in all of your quits. They say that if it’s easy, it’s probably not worth it. The struggle is real but the outcome is where you find your strength. Later all. 