30 DAYS!

So I just made it to 30 days!  About a 7 - 10 days ago, it started getting a whole lot easier..  I started quitting in October, and it was very difficult...  I have gone pretty insane during that time, trying to fill the void left in tobacco's wake..  Now I feel amazing, and actually feel self confident in identifying and tackling any problems in my life.  I actually consider myself a non smoker!!

In order to be successful, you have to completely reprogram your brain, which really only comes in time and persistence.  What really helped me was cleaning up my room, house, and car...  Sort of making a distinctive change in my visible surroundings, along with my brain chemistry..  This made it possible for me to change into a non smoker, by creating an "old me" and a "new, improved me."  Old me is dirty, doesn't care about his health, and is generally unattractive.  New me, however, is constantly improving, cleaning, and refining...  New me is not constantly hungover, and craving a deadly substance...  New me actually takes steps to better himself!  Old me got weaker every day, new me gets stronger every day!  ect.

By taking a few steps every day, in cleaning various aspects of my life, I could actually see myself becoming something different, which made all the difference.  Also since installing a quitting application on my phone, I have had another visual reference, which marks the breaking point for choosing to better myself.

Yesterday I went on a run for the first time in over 500 days.  I used to run about 5 miles a day, on average.  I got home, and in true reddit fashion took a massive explosive shit and vomited all over the bathroom.  Then I took a shower and went back to bed.  Now that I've quit smoking, it's time to tackle that demon.  The difference is that I actually feel capable to better myself..  So be persistent, and choose to better yourself.  It's a gradual process, and doesn't happen overnight.  Thanks for reading and sharing your help, couldn't have done it without this community