Advice on staying a non smoker...

Hello stopsmoking, I've been coming here periodically over the last several months to gain motivation to quit smoking, and finally acted on my decision 2 weeks ago.  I read Allen Carr's book (well actually listened to the audiobook, more my style), and found it to be extremely helpful.  It basically shattered all of the illusions I had about smoking, why I smoked, and made me realize I had been tricked into thinking I was benefiting from the addiction.  

However, quitting is easier said than done!!  After about 3 or 4 days smoke free, I started scrounging around my car for old DRY rolling tobacco, and loading it into a corncob pipe, also trying to roll pathetic cigarettes using pages of the Bible for rolling paper.  This is a hilariously pathetic mental image- me rolling dried tobacco powder, spilling it all over my desk, tearing a page into a rolling-paper-sized rectangle, BARELY getting the paper to stick to itself, and then huddled over a disgusting "cigarette" which won't even stay lit or drag properly.  This proved to me the addiction was real- I was so far beyond "looking cool" at that point, I was starved for nicotine and looking for any way I could get it!!!  Then what really did me in was pulling an all nighter- I decided I would "reward" myself with a pack of cigarettes, considering they were my staple item on all night work binges.  I didn't even enjoy them, and instead felt immense guilt, and smoked the entire pack in about 15 hours (which is far faster than usual) just so I could be rid of them.  I haven't smoked since then, but it was only 5 days ago since I had my last cigarette (or any nicotine whatsoever).  I feel like the failed attempt at quitting helped me in knowing my enemy, and since my failed attempt I have been taking this much more seriously, and finished listening to Carr's book.  This brings me to my problem- I have been feeling incredibly lazy and unproductive!  

I am a freelance artist/ business owner, and recently began working from home, which means I am spending all of my time at home.  Not being on the clock, I don't have anyone forcing me to work, and having quit smoking, it's almost like the carrot at the end of the stick is gone...  While I HATE that carrot on the end of the stick, it marked my break times, and also kept me working for that cigarette.  I basically associate making art and screen printing with smoking cigarettes, because they are such lengthy processes which involve tons of waiting around....  I am trying not to replace the cigarettes with substitutes (as per Allen Carr's advice), because it doesn't truly satisfy the craving and just makes me wish I were smoking (I went through like 12 pieces of gum last night and a bunch of snacks).  ANYWAYS, I truly want to quit, just need some empathy/ advice/ someone to tell me to quit being a little bitch.  Thanks to all you strong people out there, the encouragement definitely helps and reminds me why I quit in the first place.

I find it much easier to get out of bed in the morning, but for now at least, I will drink a few cups of coffee and feel like going back to bed...  I am hoping this is just a phase, or my brain rewiring itself to its more natural levels of dopamine..  I have been forcing myself to be active, which helps, but I'm still feeling lethargic...  As for specifics on my smoking habits, I smoked for about 5 years, mainly handrolled unfiltered cigarettes, until I lost my tolerance for them and started receiving countless negative physical side effects. I'd smoke an average of 10 a day.  Thank you everyone!