5 days, 19 hours, 19 minutes.

I have decided at the age of 25 to quit smoking. I have quit on and off but whenever something stressful happens or I'm at a low point I pick up the habit again. Yesterday was the two year mark of when I started smoking again. 

Two years ago I was at a beach house with a large group of close friends. Every summer we would go to our friend's beach house to escape the world for a week. It was always something we looked forward to and would talk about year round. It was the first night and we were all having a good time, drinking and cutting up.  It was a beautiful night and we were all out on the back porch. One of our friends was really drunk and we saw him go inside.  We thought he was going to sleep since we all were going to be staying at the house. 

Minutes later we hear a car crashing into other cars in the driveway. I run out to see what was going on. By the time I made it to the driveway our friend had crashed into a few cars and sped away.  We called the police and told them to keep an eye out for him because he was a danger to himself and others. 30 minutes  pass and his roommate decides to go out looking for him.  About thirty minutes later we get a call.  It was the roommate. He found our friend's car wrapped around a tree. The roommate said he rushed to the car to find our friend badly injured and unconscious. He tried to give him CPR but felt his heartbeat slowly fade.  He died less than a mile away from us.  When the roommate returned from the scene he had blood on his pants and shirt.  None of us knew how to process what had happened.  I didn't know how to deal with it.  I reached for a cigarette and sat in silence with everyone else for the rest of the night. Smoking one after another. It was the only comfort I had at that moment. 

Two years ago we lost a friend. I picked up smoking again as a crutch in a hard time, and then it just hasn't left since.  But having it be two years, and recognizing that this habit is nothing but an insult to my well-being, I'm done with them.  

Good luck to all those trying to quit, and kudos to all those that have stayed strong. I hope that when I visit again I get to be proud of my badge number.

Cheers