Forgot my vape at home and didn't bum a cigarette to compensate!

(Sorry in advance for the rambling and any formatting issues. I'm finding that writing this stuff down helps me figure out ways to help myself, and if I'm honest, internet stranger support is pretty swell too.)

I've haven't had a cigarette for 6 days, though I've had two puffs of my boyfriend's 3 days ago. The vape is the only reason I haven't gone and bought a pack. I started at 6mg for the nicotine, and it has been the perfect amount to shut my brain up when I get cravings. It also helps with the hand to mouth feeling that is a major part of my addiction, so on my break I go out to vape because I don't know what to do on breaks besides smoke. 

Today I forgot it and was so upset and didn't know what I was going to do on my break, or how grumpy I was going to be, but I told myself I wasn't going to bum one. I even told the other smokers as soon as I realized to not give me one if I asked. 

First half of my break I went to the Tim Hortons near my work and then to the bathroom, and didn't get any major cravings. So that was good. Second half of my break I went and stood outside for a bit, and took another bathroom break to avoid being too bored (which triggers cravings real bad for me), and I made it through that without major anger. It helped that my coworkers are amazingly supportive, and even some customers who heard I was quitting were super supportive.

The biggest test for me was busing home. Having nothing else to do makes me crave a smoke something awful, so waiting for the bus and walking places is when a lot of my smoking would happen. I discovered that listening to music with a really heavy bassline to it helps, because the tapping of my foot gave me something to focus on.

I'm so pleased with myself, I managed to go without nicotine for a long ass time by my standards, and I didn't immediately run for my vape when I got home!

I honestly didn't think I'd be able to make it this far, yet here I am. If I can do it, anyone can!