16 days in!

Thanks for this forum, I found it on my Quit Smoking app and has helped me relate to others with the same problem.

I’m 38, father of 4, been smoking on and off for 23 years, pack a day or so.  Also mixed in Copenhagen while working or in the Army, I was infantry so cigs were frowned upon at night 😉

So I quit 11/1, that same day about 7 hours in child number 3 sliced the tip of his finger off, he had just turned 4 and the whole house went into high stress, anxious mode (as you can imagine).

When it happened I thought, I can’t quit now, this is horrible and bad timing.  We went to the hospital, the whole time I’m thinking I’m not going to quit today.  Problem was child #3 had to sit on my lap, during the X-ray, during the doctor visits in ER, during the time the doctor sewed the tip back on.  He was always leaning on me and did not want to get out of my lap.

No way could I get up, my stress cigarette and excuse to smoke could wait.  I left that night with him in my arms never having smoked, got home and didn’t smoke, didn’t smoke the next day.  

I think in a sense it was a sign from God truly testing my resolve.  Make it through this and you are serious about smoking, make it through this and it will be clear going forward.

For this situation happening day 1 was eye opening.  I realized there will always be that shitty, stressful, anxious day that pushes us to the edge. But to just hang on.

I’m on day 16 and I feel great, everyone in my house still smokes.  They are easily accessible.  The beast is always there.  The ridiculous empty chore is available.  But I realized while holding boy number 3 that me being there for him was more important than that chore.  I would have smoked half a pack while at the hospital.  There is too much to be present for than thinking about when I could smoke again.

I wish you all the best.  I found Blow Pops work great!  Also sunflower seeds, spicy gum, and mints.  I sometimes get mad when all the adults walk outside to smoke and leave me with all four kids, but in those times I learn a ton about myself and my kids.  I’m in the moment with them and have one on one time.  Too much future there to cut it short.

Thanks for all your stories and keep them coming!  Very inspirational.