Hi, I'm a 10 year addict. Multiple quit attempts.

Just wanted to share my story and explain what brought me to this subreddit for the first time today. When I was in college I had a hectic schedule. I was working two jobs and driving to technical college 50 miles away three times a week. I used to pass the time in the car by singing and tapping on the steering wheel. But the second job was a radio gig overnight from midngiht to 6am friday and saturday nights, then I'd have to show up at my regular job at 7am til 4pm, and I'd stay up til about 6 or 7pm, crash, and repeat.

Working the radio gig overnights was lonely and boring. No one really calls in to the station at that time, and I'm the only one there. I decided a way to help keep me awake and give me something to look forward to, was to walk down to the nearby gas station, get my first pack of cigarettes, and then I could walk around the station building every hour and smoke a cigarette.

Then I found it was AMAZING to smoke while I drove long distances, so I could smoke four or five each way back forth from college. Again, giving me some break in the monotony of driving interstates by smoking a cigarette every so often.

I used it at my other job on my breaks as well. But I never smoke at home. it was always a reward while at work. 

Over the years, it's developed into a crutch for everything. stress, passing time, and awkward social situations. I've calculated that if I stopped quitting cigareetes for a year, I'd save over $2,500 USD. And still, I smoke.

Now, I've noticed that I cough alot, either when lighting up, or those hours between cigarettes. Plus, the smell is finally getting to me. It's on everything. I've noticed it change my voice, too. I've been happy singing Tenor in the church choir, but I've noticed a significant deeper range developing, too.

I got my car back from the mechanic and there's a leak in the head gasket where my car is burning gasoline and antifreeze. My car is on life support. I don't have much in savings, and I need to shift a large portion of my income towards a downpayment on a newer vehicle. And I'm tired of all the side effects from cigarettes. It's time to quit and take some responsibility. Once I finish this pack I won't really have the money to buy any more, so I figure I might as well just quit tonight.

I like the idea of drinking water as a curb to lighting up. Plus I could use my break to walk around the large office building I work in. Working towards two goals at the same time sounds efficient enough for me.

Thanks for listening. 

**TL;DR**=I'm quitting and there's no reason to go back.