2 yr smoke free- this is what I did to break free

I was one pack a day smoker for about 20 years. I started really early when I was 10 or 12. I was the type of person who wanted to smoke all the time. I would smoke and chew on my food at the same time. I would go running while smoking a cigarette. I thought I would never be able to quit. I tried the patch, gum, and hypnosis apps. I think it took me a good 7 year battle to actually quit for good. I never knew about reddit but I just stopped by to share what helped me and I hope that it would help someone else quit this nasty habit. 

The gum straight up never helped me. I vaped for a bit but I could do that thing all day. I think it messed up my brain and chest a little bit. I forgot to mention I tried those prescription meds. That messed up my brain too. I don't think as clearly anymore after using them. After all these things I was left to the patch and hypnosis apps. 

Finally I tried acupuncture. After the first day of acupuncture I got the sudden drive to finally just give it up. I must also mention that I had never been able to go more than 6 hours without a fix before so it was kind of scary to think about a whole day without nicotine. I woke up that early morning and decided to take my patch off. 

The acupuncturist scheduled an appointment the next day because she knew my body would be in shock. I was shaking and couldn't think straight. Acupuncture seemed to calm me down. Before I left, she taped some small beads in my ear over pressure points and whenever I would get cravings I would push down on them until the cravings went away. 

I didn't think I would talk about acupuncture that much but try it out. It might work for you too. The real tip that got me through the smoking was I put a lot of money on the line. I forgot exactly how much I wagered , I think $2000. If I were to give in and smoke one more time I would give $2000 to an organization that I hated or a cause that I didn't like. On the other hand, if I quit for 6 months, I could buy myself a new bass guitar. I thought the money was good because I would be saving way more money from not buying cigarettes anymore. In the end I quit smoking and bought the bass and have a lot more cash in my pocket. 

So I would suggest thinking of something that you really want. I figured I buy a pack a day at around $9.50. That's about $3400 a year!!! Take that money and spoil yourself instead of killing yourself. I would also suggest that you get someone to hold you accountable. Let them know, or even let them hold the money, if you falter then the money must go to a pre-identified place.  

I surprisingly don't really think about smoking anymore. It was a tough road and to be honest quoting nicotine was just the tip of the iceberg for me. I realized that I used nicotine to mask a whole host of other problems. In any case I'm glad I ditched the cigarettes. 

The real pain pain pain for me was the first three days. For the next month or so I would be tried. I think after three weeks my body would be sore but I never wanted to ever experience those first three days again. 

Hope this helps someone. Good luck. God bless 

Edit- if you can't think of a pre-determined place to give your money if you cave, you can easily consider giving it to me. Nah I'm kidding. But no I'm not kidding. 😉