Smoke Free for 8 Days - Physical Symptoms are scaring me

So, 8 days ago a lightswitch went off in my brain, and I decided I didn't want to be a smoker anymore, after smoking for roughly 7 years. I threw away what was left in my pack, and went straight-up cold turkey. I haven't even wanted one since. I even went out to a smoking bar with some friends over the weekend, and wanted to leave immediately due to the overpowering smell. 


The first 5 days flew by without any problems, but for the last 3 days, the physical withdrawal symptoms are really starting to get scary to me. I really don't know what to do. I searched the internet up and down, and everything I could find said that normally people have 2-3 specific symptoms show up over the first 2 weeks... well, here's what's been going on with me.


Insomnia -- Seriously, I haven't slept for more than 2 hours a night over the last few days. I'll lay in bed for over an hour, then wake up feeling kind of refreshed, only to check the clock and see that 45 minutes has passed. Repeat the process for the rest of the night. I'm exhausted, but I can't fall or stay asleep.


Night Sweats -- Even when I can fall asleep, when I wake up, my bed and comforter is completely soaked. Last night I had to sleep on two towels just to be safe, and I needed to change those as well. What the fuck???


Sore Throat -- I figured this one would happen as my celia are growing back, that's no big deal. But this has been persisting like crazy to the point where swallowing anything, even water, is a fucking challenge. I don't think I've ever had a throat this sore in my life.


Sore Gums -- Seriously, I can't even brush my teeth, my gums hurt so bad. I read somewhere that this is akin to babies teething, that your mouth is growing new tissue that's more sensitive compared to when you were a smoker, but how long does that take? The pain is unbearable, and I don't even want to open my mouth to talk.


Blisters -- Okay, this freaked me out, but when I was taking a shower this morning, there were small blisters randomly all over my body. A few on my arms, a few on my legs, etc. I couldn't find anything online eluding to the causes, is this just the toxins leaving my bloomstream or something? It's gross, and I'm super itchy.


Constipation -- Enough said. It hurts.


So from what I read, physical symptoms usually clear up naturally within a week. But after 3 days, this is unbearable. I just got to work and already feel like I should leave, it's difficult to even pretend to function normally. Part of me wants to go to an urgent care facility for any kind of relief whatsoever, but would they even be able to do anything? Is this just my body purging itself from all the shit I put in it over these years? Don't get me wrong, I have absolutely no interest in ever smoking again, but these symptoms are really making me question why I did it in the first place.... HALP