It hasn't killed me yet... time for this whole experience to make me stronger

Just posting to post. I know I can quit, but it's way fucking harder than I ever could have imagined. I started smoking with a "whatever doesn't kill you makes you stronger" sort of mentality. It was particularly exciting at first, as I knew that smoking literally could and probably WOULD kill me... if I let it. This might sound just plain stupid to some of you, but I wanted to let my mind feel the effects of addiction and then conquer it. I wanted to figure it out so I could really help people. I didn't want to destroy my mind and body, so harder drugs were out of the question... but smoking cigarettes seemed to have a level of uncertainty to it that was intriguing to me. There are people who have smoked their whole lives and are still alive and kicking. I wanted a taste of what it truly felt like to be addicted, and cigarettes seemed like the safest option. So, I gradually started smoking more and more to assist my baptism by fire mentality until finally it had me. So here I am reddit. Someone who wanted to experience addiction, and has had his fill of the stuff. Sometimes I still wonder though... would I be as addicted as I am if I hadn't been told that I would become addicted to it? I'm not usually one to follow the pack, but part of me just wants to live up to the expectations of those around me, whether they're good or bad. Sometimes I smoke cigarettes because as an addict I feel like I SHOULD be smoking one, rather than just because I want the stress relief. It's all incredibly confusing, and there are endless mind-games I play with myself surrounding the topic, but I'm ready to get out of this hell hole. I need to conquer it or the entire process will be for nothing. I want to be able to look back in a year from now so I can truly begin to understand what I'm going through. The more I try to take it on, the more I realize this is something I'm not going to be able to do alone.... and yet I am completely alone in doing it. It doesn't matter how many people I talk to that have quit, my addiction is my own dirty love.