I bought my first pack of cigarettes for the first time ever today. But now I want to quit as soon as possible (long post)

Hey guys, hope ya'll are doing well in your fight against smoking addiction. This post is a bit long, but I realise in order to face this problem sincerely, I need to let it all on the table. I'm writing this on my smartphone reddit app and have no clue how to format, so I apologise if it's a bit messy. I also get pretty sappy later, so I apologise for that too. There's a tl;dr at the bottom as well.

It started around 3 weeks ago with me smoking marijuana for the first time ever with a friend. I've been curious about weed for the longest time. I haven't seen them in a while and invited me over at their place to catch up while getting high, so I thought why not try it while I have this opportunity. There was also tobacco in the joint, but thought that it would be harmless, since I was informed that it wouldn't be as addictive as smoking a cigarette straight. I had a good time, and the effects of the THC calmed some of the stresses I was going through at the time. At least, I thought it was just the THC that was giving me the high.

Cut to 2 weeks later, I was craving for a high badly. The thought of wanting weed intruded my mind here and there, but it was at its worst that time. I texted my friend who I did marijuana with and asked if they were down. They replied back that they weren't. I don't know why I did, but then I found myself at my roommate's desk and stealing a cigarette from him while he was out. That's when I should've already noticed the first flag of the effects of nicotine: wanting it so bad I'd resort to stealing. I lit it up outside, and I felt the buzz I was looking for. It was enough to forget the fact that I stole from my roommate who is the nicest roommate I could ever have. That was flag number two: suppressing guilt that would normally compel me to correct my wrongs immediately.

Cut to this afternoon, and I had a rough time at work. I work in a restaurant, so anyone who's worked in a service-oriented job knows this feeling. People were rude, stubborn, selfish, incompetent- it was just a string of problem after problem. I'd honestly say I'm the most positive person out of all my co-workers, but that's probably only because I'm a part timer and only started about 8 months ago while everyone else has been working there for years. It so happens that this line of work also tend to have many smokers. I see a lot of my co-workers go out for a smoke break and come back seemingly "better". Before today I'm usually able to pick myself up after work because I understand it's natural in my job to run into difficult customers, and I'm able to forgive that fact. But after finally failing to keep the same optimistic person I was back when I first started this job, I thought "screw it, I'll buy a pack after work". I went to a convenience store, bought a pack of slim lights because I'm stupid enough to believe this option is less harmful for me despite all the scientific studies showing otherwise, and lit one. All the tiredness and frustration floated away after getting that buzz. Finished the cig and went off.

Then on the way home, for some reason the thought of my mom came to my mind. It was probably my conscience telling me she'd be saddened if she knew what I had done today. I tried to swat it away and focus on listening to my music. Then I thought of my dad, who'd be disappointed in himself that he didn't guide me well enough. Then my closest friends, then the people I look up to- by then my brain raced through everyone that I love and love me back. The train enters a tunnel as I'm looking out the window, and it goes dark enough to be able to see my reflection staring back at me. I looks hideous. My eyes are sunken and slightly redding, skin dry and lost all colour, hair long and unkempt. People comment that I often have a resting bitch face, but this is more than that. I simply couldn't recognise myself anymore. And a picture formed in my head, that my family and friends are surrounding me in my deathbed, holding my mom's hand, regretting that I have to go first before she does. All because I bought my first pack today and continued to do so for the rest of my life.

I lied in bed and cried a lot. I've already got a few things going for me, and now smoking is part of that too? It's too much, and I want to it turn around as soon as possible. In my other account I'm subscribed to a subreddit dedicated to getting over pornography addiction and figured there probably also is a subreddit for quitting tobacco.

So here I am now. I'm Cleaningoutmylungs and addicted to smoking. I've enlisted myself into a tough battle against smoking which I never wanted to be in. But I nevertheless intend to fucking win and come out on top. My friends and family probably won't see this because I don't think any of them are redittors, but I'll apologise anyway. To my friend who I did marijuana with: none of this is your fault, I am fully responsible for my own actions, and I'm sorry if I ever made you feel guilty. To my roommate: I'm sorry for stealing your cigarettes, and I hope your e-cigs work out for you. To my friends, I'm sorry I don't reach out to you all enough. To my dad, I'm sorry I've failed you. To my mom, I'm sorry that I worry you so much. To God, please forgive me.

Thank you, stranger on the internet, for reading my post. I hope you have a good day.


Tl;dr smoked a joint for the first time ever three weeks ago, got addicted to the nicotine, bought a pack today and want to quit already

Edit: I don’t think I mentioned it properly in my post, but yes, I’m a new smoker and the time I stole from my roommate was the very first time I smoked a cigarette.