Not Even One. (Rant)

Holy shit, has it really been one week since my last cigarette?

A little backstory.

So my fiancee's family goes on a vacation every year. They are incredibly strict on drinking and smoking (read: NONE EVER SO HELP YOU GOD). Well of course, they invite me to come and I am not turning down a free trip to Florida. 

Well, I have been a pretty regular smoker for several years... I would say four to five. Ever since I turned 21 and started drinking more (which seems to be a common thread). It especially kicked into high gear when I started my new job as a travel agent. It was a good way to burn stress, a lot of people here smoked so I met more people.. seemed like a win-win.

Fast forward, I have been here in a year now (almost exactly) and I have gained 35 pounds and I went from smoking 3 or 4 a day to around half a pack or more a day. That's lightweight for some, but for me that's the most I've ever been at without some booze in my system.

Anyway, so we are on vacation. I am actually sitting here in bed typing this out with my bags packed to leave in the morning. I haven't had a drink, or a smoke, in exactly a week. The first couple of days were cakewalks. But the third and fourth... were absolute hell. I was irritable, I was introverted, I was lethargic, and I couldn't help but notice EVERYONE smoking when we were out. Truly a dreadful experience.

Days five through seven have actually been a breeze. I had one craving on day five that was mild, but six and seven have passed without incident. Unfortunately, this is the typically the part where we as smokers tend to lose it... we get home, we unwind, we have a few beers, we light one up, and boom... you immediately begin to tighten the grip you've loosened on your chest and your life.

"Oh, well I've had one so my streak is broken. What is the harm in having another?"

"It's just one, as long as I keep it at one, or one a day, I will keep up."

WRONG. FUCKING WRONG.

Just reading those two sentences aloud gets my blood boiling. At myself, at all my friends who have tried to quit, at my family that has tried, they are logical fallacies we've constructed to help cope with our failure. The sad fact is, some of us will never ever stop smoking. We will only be smokers who "aren't smoking right now". Are you going to be that person? Just a figure on a statline? I hope not.

Confession time; remember that I mentioned my fiancee earlier? She has no idea how much I smoke. Sure, she may see me light up at the bar occasionally, but she has literally no idea that when I go to work I stop at the gas station to make sure I have enough to get through my shift. That my center console is littered with empty boxes, and that the cigarette butts in my dash ash tray aren't months/years old... they are maybe a couple weeks old.

That is the part I feel worst about, honestly. I have robbed her of time. Robbed her of time she could have had with me later in life. By how much? I have no idea, but too much all the same. I have robbed myself, my family, my future kids, all because I enjoyed the most transient and passing highs you can experience. Because I am stressed out over being fatter than I used to be, about graduating college and not having a position in my field, over trying to move away from this god-awful hole in the wall town. STRESS.

It has done this to me, and I did it all by myself. This rant really became more than I expected it to. I guess it is a call-to-arms, but it is also very much a cry for help. Help me do this, because honestly it is so much harder doing it on your own guys and gals. Your success rate depends on the support of those around you.

Lift each other up, God knows I will need it if I'm going to survive out there.

Tomorrow, I go back to reality. To being around friends that smoke, to being around situations that lend themselves easily to that familiar taste of tobacco on my lips. To feeling that itch in the back of my mind that I know only one thing can scratch, but forcefully denying myself even a moment of terrible, tar covered, cancerous respite.

I can do this. I just have to keep telling myself. Keep writing it down. Keep saying it over and over and over until it's not something I have to repeat. 

No more excuses. No more cigarettes. Not even one.

NOT. EVEN. ONE.