I always thought life was too stressful to quit smoking. There was always something ...

TLDR-stopping smoking during a stressful life event is the secret to my success. Stopping smoking probably saved me from suicide. And the more times you experience situations without having a cig, your brain gets a chance to learn to not want a cig when that situation happens again.

&amp;nbsp;

I always thought I would quit when things calmed down in my life. Always there was an excuse why right now was particularly stressful. 'Not now, im stressed. Im starting college' 'my girlfriend and I just broke up' 'working two jobs sucks' 'stressed with my last year of college' 'I'm moving to a new city' 'my family drives me crazy' 'starting a new job' 'I'm trying to lose weight' etc...  It was never the right time. But then I realized stress wasn't holding me back from quitting, time was holding me back from quitting. Time never stops. 

 I always feel like I've gone through enough stress for a lifetime already. I always feel like mylife couldn't get any worse. And then, on a particularly normal evening, I got news that would change my life forever. And even though I didn't think it was possible, my life got worse again. Time was never going to stop getting in the way of quitting. Circumstance and life was only going to get harder for a very long time. 

Fast forward to the next day, for the first time in my life I went into some sort of panic induced asthma attack. This has never happened before. But I couldn't stop coughing for at least 8 hours. I thought, 'is this what having emphysema is like? Is this what COPD feels like?' I thought, 'what if I felt like coughing every few minutes for the rest of my life?' 

I finally stop coughing and go to the store to get some groceries. I'm on the way to the shampoo aisle as I pass by the pharmacy and stop at the nicotine patches. I don't even think twice and I pick up the non-generic brand name version off the shelf. I'm sure the generic work just as well, but I think, this is investing in the rest of my life. I think, this isn't nearly as expensive as the worth of my life. 

I get home and put the patch on. I don't tell my SO im quitting. I don't tell anyone. I just do it. I don't think about it. I don't dwell on it. I smoke 1cig each day for about a week. Then I don't smoke cigs for a whole day. Then I go to the bar and smoke about 10. I woke up the next day with the biggest headache of my life. I tried to smoke a cig and realized that it is giving me a headache again. That was the last time I lit a cig. I was still wearing a new patch every day at this point. I found myself rubbing the patch each time I wanted to smoke.

I fake smoked in the car for a while. I held a cig without smoking it, drawing it, inhaling it, blowing it out. I kept one cig in the door for that purpose. I didn't throw away my last pack. It was easier for me to not smoke knowing I could if I needed to. But i never did. And it still sitting in my car now, a nearly three month old pack that I haven't touched. And now I'm almost 3 months without a having a cig. 

So, I did it, i quit during one of the hardest times of my life so far. I spent days crying, being pathetic, dealing with how hard my life is. And I did it without cigarettes. Quitting during a really stressful life event instead of a calm time, was the secret to my success. 

At this point Life itself was a trigger to smoke. But it made all of the little triggers easier to cope with, driving, break at work, watching the rain, after eating, all paled in comparison to what i was going through. 

Quitting smoking is what made me not suicidal during this hard time. Not smoking was the only thing that made me feel strong. And if I hadn't felt strong, I probably would have killed myself. 

I still have moments when the 'I want a cig' thought pops in my head. But I don't and then I am happy that i had that moment. I think of it like this, they say that by the time you're 25 you've likely encountered every situation you can experience while driving a car. So right now, I'm like a metaphorical teenager who hasn't yet experienced every situation that I used to smoke a cig in. But each time I do, and don't smoke, my brain is learning to not trigger that thought of wanting a cig when that situation happens again. Each time I drive and don't smoke, my brain thinks less and less about smoking when I get in the car. Each time i eat and don't smoke after my brain learns to not want one after. 


You'll be surprised to see the weirdest things trigger you wanting a cigarette once you've not been smoking for a while. The subtle triggers, like seeing rain sprinkle on the windshield, hearing the windshield wipers, drinking a sip of a certain soda, hearing an ambulance go by your house, walking out of a job intsrview that went really well, calling a friend you havent talked to in a while. These are all triggers that I realized happening and I was happy I went through those moments, because I'm getting closer to that metaphorical 25 I said before. I'm experiencing life without smoking.  

