I've smoked for half my life, I am done.

I am not a redditor. I'm using an app to help me stay quit. The app has been very useful for me - I have the paid version that also includes little missions to complete every day. Today's mission was to talk to other people that are quitting, and it recommended this subreddit.

I started smoking when I was 14, and I've tried many things over the last 14 years - patches, gum, chantix, cold turkey, vapes... The only way I have ever been remotely successful is cold turkey. But there's always one more puff.

It felt different with every attempt, but this time still feels... different. My doctor prescribed me the smoking-cessation version of Wellbutrin. I am curious whether I'll be depressed when I stop using it, because smoking was always a way to self-medicate for me. My app shows several positive markers for health and finances so that I can see my progress. I'm thoroughly enjoying watching my health percentages climb. Every time I want a smoke I open the app, record my craving, and look at how much money I've saved, and how much closer I am to a never-smoker's risk of lung cancer and heart disease (I'm still real far out on those, but it's nice to see it's already closer).

Every time I've quit I've had insane dreams about smoking, and this time is no different. I wake up feeling so guilty, and then I'm only slightly relieved when I realize it was a dream.

I've also started running. I was in track as a freshman in high school, the year before I started smoking. I don't even remember what it feels like to be able to run, and I'm excited to find out.

I've quit for a few months a couple of times in the last 3 years, once for 8 months, once for 3 months, and last time for 1 month. Every time I am surprised at how easy it is to do everything without smoking. At how I am the same exact person, except I'm not smoking. At how walking is even better when I am not smoking. But every single time, I've fallen back into the trap. It always starts out as just one puff, but then I'm smoking full-on again a few weeks later.

Not this time though. I'm trying things I've never tried before. Running. Medication. An app to constantly validate me. Not one more puff. Wish me luck.

Note: Edited to remove mention of a specific app