Keep at it!

I've quit smoking cigarettes four or five times before. The longest I've gone is six months and I screwed up because I had 'just one cigarette'. As you all know, you can't have just one cigarette. When you smoke one cigarette, you're getting ALL the cigarettes that come afterwards. I was unexperienced with quitting, it was my first real time giving it an attempt.

I'll just add in that I never would have started trying to quit if it wasn't for Allen Carr's book and video, as well as this sub. All are great resources, as everyone here will tell you.

I remember being six months into that quit and feeling so good. I felt healthy. Never thought about smoking. Stopped counting the days since I quit. I couldn't help walking down the street and smiling just at the fact that I didn't have a cigarette in my hand. I had energy to run, breathing was easy. Everything smelled so good and food tasted amazing.

My relapse happened so suddenly. I was in the shower and this strong overpowering craving hit me. I hadn't craved in a while so it screwed with my head. I remember getting out of the shower, speed walking to the store, buying a pack and smoking a cigarette without even thinking or giving a chance for the craving to pass. Disgusting, smelled terrible and instant depression that all my work had gone to shit. The addiction took over my brain again. I threw away the pack and bought another, threw it away and bought another. I was trapped again.

Since then, my longest quit was nearly two months and relapsed again. The drive wasn't there.

Now I'm doing this again. It's my fifth or sixth go at this. This time I have the same mindset going in as my six month quit but even more so.

I will never ingest nicotine again in my entire life. As Yoda would say, "Do or do not, there is no try."

The point of this whole post was that every time I quit, I learn something new. I learn more about myself and how my body works. Keep trying no matter what and don't give up. Relapses aren't a 'given', and they don't need to happen. You can quit your first time and stay quit for the rest of your life. If you do relapse, dust yourself off and try it again with your newly attained knowledge.

The company I work for has gone bankrupt. We're in the final week of liquidation and it's probably the most stressed I've been in a long time. But I'm on Day 5, and I'm so proud.