Ending my story.

###The story of my life through Cigarettes
(8min read)

 

The first time a cigarette touched my lips was when I was 13 (early 90's).

I was hanging out with my "bad influence" friend because he had hot girls hanging around him all the time and I wanted hot girls to hang out with me. That first time it was me, my friend, and a couple girls. I didn't know what to do, so i just drew the smoke into my mouth, held it for awhile, and then let it go. After a few minutes one of the girls called me out on it, "you're not even inhaling." Of course I had to show her...  that first actual inhale was disgusting, and as I let it out I did my best to stifle my cough. It appeared to satisfy her disdain as she didn't make fun of me again. That was the day I decided I would rather be a nerd than be "cool." Remember nerds weren't cool in the late 80's early 90's.

I stopped hanging out with that friend and friends like him and eventually found new friends in high school, chess team, math club, band, choir, theater, friends with the teachers, french over spanish because the preppy girls were in that class, the "bad influence" girls took spanish.

Diablo and starcraft led to Magic the Gathering, which led to game shops, which led to DnD, which led to LARPing... but not DnD LARPing, Vampire the Masquerade- goth culture was strong in my area in the late 90's. A friend that is still my longest standing relationship played, and as part of his character he smoked "black" cigarettes (djarum's.) This led to him to actually smoking them outside his character. They were still disgusting to me, and I only had one with him occasionally in character.

skipping over a novel that is not cigarette related, he got expelled, and I almost got expelled; that was the day I really learned the benefits of "it's not what you know, but who you know." Being friends with the right people, in this case the Dean's son, the Principal's Son, and all of the teachers got me off with just a suspension.

I didn't see him again until we both, by chance, ended up at the same college. I smelled the kretek cigarette smoke on my way back from class one day and looked for the source. I could not believe it was actually him. We caught up on our lives over the next couple months, and more than a few djarum's.

Ended up meeting more gamers with him on campus, and ended up rooming with one, who smoked camel lights. This was where it really started for me, light at first, smoking 4-5 a day average. Fast forward to moving into an apartment with him and some other guys, we ended up buying a bong, legitimately for tobacco, as it was the cheapest way; to buy tobacco in bulk bags.

Was too smart for my own good, didn't go to classes enough, dropped out, now staring at $287 dollars to my name, seasonal part time job over for the year, and rent will be due soon. Fuck.

Called the military recruiter and Schneider National. Schneider got back to me first. Being intelligent in an industry where the majority are poorly educated was interesting. I rose to the "top" very quickly, where other drivers would bitch about the "system" and "these computer things" I would effortlessly hit numbers and made myself look very good on the computer screens of the dispatchers and administrative personnel. After a year and a half I was in a position where I could basically pick what account I wanted to run on. Camel lights were there with me for my whole 8 years of driving. I knew they were terrible for me, but long drives with nothing to do... I tried to quit several times, got all the way up to 6 months one time. Even at this height of my smoking, I made sure never to average more than half a pack a day. In my mind (for whatever reason) this was the break point between a "real smoker" and whatever I thought I was.

Weekends at home were just parties, young 20 something, no responsibilities, and 45k a year. Rent and phone and car per month (my only financial obligations) was *maybe* $300. the rest went to elaborate partying on the weekends I was home from trucking. The original goal of course was to work for a year, save it all, and go back to school... haha, oh how naive I was.

Anyways, met my eventual wife at one of these parties, her mom has smoked her entire life (apart from pregnancy,) my wife has the usual lung issues because of growing up in a smokers house.

This helped immensely and brought me back down to a 4-5 a day smoker. Never in the house. Almost never in the car with her.

Finished my degree, got an office job.

Once my daughter was born, I knew that my goal needed to be that she never knows. For a long time, I got it down to just 3 or 4 a day, and just at work on breaks (boss smokes.)

Occasionally I would have one late at night, outside in the driveway.

My resolution was strong, I would abstain all day on the weekends with her around, only having one at night, or while her mother and her were out shopping. More than once I stayed home from joining them with the primary motivation being so that I could have one while they were gone. I often regretted those decisions immediately after, I regret them even more now.

 

On August 1st 2016, my daughter was taken from me in a car accident. It was 10 days past her Fourth birthday.

She was the greatest thing ever. So smart. Loved when I would explain complicated things to her.

As you can imagine, with the motivation gone, I started heavily smoking, and my drinking was getting close to being an actual problem as well.

I'm not the type to believe in silly new year resolutions, but after a few months, the immense pain had time to wear-in and make a stable home, my faculties and senses have returned, and I knew I needed to put an end to it. The wife telling me smoking is an inhibitor when you are trying to get pregnant was additional motivation (we were already starting to try before the accident.) My last cigarette was a few days before 2017 and we got good news 2 weeks ago, today she sees the OB for the first appointment.

I'll be 36 soon. I promised myself when I bought my first pack of camel lights (just for me) that this would never get to be a problem, and that if i was still smoking at 30 that it needed to end there.

I'm 6 years past my deadline, but 2017 and beyond will remain smoke free. Today is the last time I change my badge.

I will never be whole again, but I can be healthy again.

This is my testament.

This is where the story of my life through cigarettes ends. Because this is where I want it to end. I'm tired of writing this book. I'm tired of writing the same stories chapter after chapter.

You can't change the past, but you can make a better future. Ask yourself how you want your story to end. Ask yourself where you want it to end.

You can close the book if you choose to.