6,000 days since I last smoked

...or it will be very soon, I made a note in my calendar that on Friday 5th of July it will reach that milestone so depending on where/when you're reading this my flair might say a day or so to go, it doesn't matter, I'm pretty sure I'll make it.  


Back in early 2003 I had been smoking for over 15 years.  


I had a persistent cough, especially when I woke, and usually when I woke I'd light a cigarette almost immediately.  


I was often short of breath.  


My house smelled, and my then girlfriend/now wife noticed but didn't pressure me to stop, she didn't/doesn't smoke.  


I had a worrying pain in my throat after smoking heavily, which I did quite often, a "normal" day was a pack but I could easily smoke double that when drinking.  


I'd tried quitting several times and found it a miserable experience, like I was denying myself something, usually I caved after a few days.  


Logically I wanted to stop but emotionally I was afraid I'd miss it.  


After viewing Amazon reviews I bought Allen Carrs book (yes, I'm one of his converts/sucesses). I had a hard time reading it and stopped part way through, I was afraid of stopping and missing out. A few weeks later I picked it up again, you are supposed to keep smoking while reading it but I got near the end on the night of 31st Jan. The next day I picked up the book to finish it and smoke my last cigarette but I had no desire to smoke, I read the last few pages and put it down, a bit stunned, I didn't want to smoke. I'm a sceptic and thought it wouldn't last, but it did.  


I've had no desire to smoke since, I went from at least a pack a day to nothing overnight and its lasted more than 16 years, I'll never smoke again, if the world was ending tomorrow I wouldn't smoke today. If cigarettes were free and safe to health I still wouldn't smoke them, there is no point to it.  


I'm so grateful for the book and for the freedom from smoking, I've known almost since day one that I'd never smoke again.  


Good luck and if you haven't tried it, read the book, you can find it online for free but you must finish it, its not hard or scary to read and you will be missing nothing when you stop for good.