15 years ago I stopped smoking for good

Actually, it will be 15 years in 3 weeks but I'll be overseas on a major trip (Africa) so I thought I'd post now, sorry for the slight exaggeration but I'm pretty sure I'll make it. Maybe this is a good time to post for those who stopped for new years, I meant to but actually stopped on Feb 1, 2003.

The TL;DR is I'm now 51, smoked for 18 years between 18 and 36 and now have not smoked for 15 years, not one single slip-up, life is better in every way and I've saved about US$70,000 in that time. 

I wish I'd stopped sooner.

There is nothing to be afraid of, smoking does nothing good for you at all.

I still feel exactly as i did when I wrote an Amazon review 8 months after I stopped, which is below. I'm still so thankful to Allen Carr.

"
'I'm 37 and have been smoking for about 20 years, 20 a day. For the past year I've slowly been realising that I should stop but felt trapped, that I couldn't give up, I'd tried before and failed, each time becoming more convinced that I could not escape.'

That was what I thought 9 months ago - then I read Easyway and have never touched tobacco since. I still go out socialising and drinking with people who smoke, I still have a life and job that is sometimes stressful but I have never even been even slightly tempted to light up. Everything the book said turned out to be true; I am a happy ex-smoker.

The NHS should give this book out for free, anyone who smokes knows that the TV ads with those poor people dying or health warnings or pictures of damaged lungs do not convince people to give up, they certainly didn't make me stop, I just ignored them or changed channel.

I decided not to write a review right away but to give it some time and see if it continued to work, if anything it has got easier as the months passed by. At the time I bought the book I read lots of Amazon.co.uk reviews and still didn't believe it could work like this for me. It's beautifully simple, no gum, no patches, no scare tactics, its not about why you should stop, more like why should you continue, all you have to do is read to the end*

When I decided to buy it I thought "it's worth a try", now I don't miss cigarettes, quite the opposite, I wish I had read this 10 years ago. I was highly sceptical but decided it wasn't much money to risk, now I think it's probably the best buy I'll ever make in my lifetime.

*One word of caution - although the book is not especially long I stopped reading partway only to pick it up again a couple of weeks later. At some point it seems I realised that I would stop smoking when I finished the book and the only option my subconscious mind had was to stop reading (you are supposed to keep smoking until you finish the book), happily I picked it up again, finished the book and am still convinced I will never smoke again.

EDIT (2011) - 8 years on and I'm still a happy ex-smoker.

This book has been the most worthwhile purchase of my life."



I don't profess to be an expert but by all means AMA.