Dispelling Myths and Giving Pointers a Year Down

So I'm almost a year clean. Yes, I refer to my former smoking as an addiction and disease. Here are some pointers and information I have learned about my addiction:

1. How to quit? Do you imagine smoking the rest of your life?  No, then quit. Smoke your last cig, keep that memory for every cig you ever will want to smoke in the future, and succeed.  You are no longer an addict when you decide, only a better person.  
2. Physical Cravings are done within a few hours to days of quitting.  Go on dry runs in preparation if you're fearful, like see how long 12 hours feels, see how 24 hours feels. You will see mental cravings always seem to exist, however be aware they are simply mental and attribute nothing to them.  Before smoking, you never thought as a kid growing up, ohhh let future me smoke because I like the way it makes me feel.   
3. Drinking will always trigger a crave for me, 51 weeks after the fact.  Some people drank so they could smoke, I smoked so I could drink.  I drank within the first few weeks with the intention of addressing my urges because I knew I wouldn't fail.  
4. Figure out early the difference between a mental/physical crave, and actually being hungry.  Don't deviate from your normal meal routine.  Eat when you are hungry, stop when you are full. And yes you will learn to love sweets again because of insulin resitence. 
5. Don't substitute anything for that craving, it's absoltley pointless.  Plus, do you want to have a trigger for another habit the rest of your life?
6. Many people say it gets easier, but I would like to say it doesn't, it becomes memoriable and nostalgic.  Almost like an embarassing moment when you were 5 that your mother still brings up at dinner when visiting. It becomes more satisfactory with reqard to knowing that you are doing something that others can't seem to do.   
7. Mental Cravings will always persist. But it's more of a "Hey remember when you smoked?  You would be away from others, ashamed, apologetic, systematically killing yourself, wishing you never started. Do you want to go back and wish you quit again?" ..."I think I'll pass"
8. The reason(s) why you quit will change as cravings become less infrequent. What's the long term reason you are quitting at 1 month, 3 months, 6 months, and a year?
9. Know that you are preconditioned an addict since you quit, no amount of nicotine can enter your body with your consent. Nicotine is slick, be aware that you prove yourself worthy by quitting, and never ingesting that poison again. 

