My New Years resolution three years ago was to quit smoking, and I am now over 2 years clean, you can do it!

I just wanted to stop by and give everybody a note of encouragement and share my personal feelings on quitting via New Years resolution. 

Three years ago I had been smoking for 10 years, and I was ready to quit. I had never attempted this before, and I was quite nervous about failure; I had seen so many friends make a New Years resolution only to "fail" a month, a week, or a day in to the new year. Needless to say, this did not appeal to me, so I began thinking about the whole process. Sometime on new years eve, I was struck with the thought that **if you make a resolution to lose 20 pounds, you don't expect to wake up the next morning missing those 20 pounds.** Instead, you are in a contract with yourself that by the end of the year you will be 20 pounds lighter. This is the approach that worked for me; I gave myself an entire year to quit smoking, and guess what? It worked! 

I got a slow start at first, but after a few months I began to take my pledge more seriously, and I started skipping cigarettes. Before long I was down to only smoking a few cigarettes in the evening on most days (although I definitely had some chain smoking days in there), and I continued this habit for another month or so. Next, I started skipping days. One day a week at first, then two or three. It was difficult, but I knew it was a process and I never considered picking up a cigarette to be a failure, I only counted successes.

The final step in my quitting process was the most difficult. I made the decision that I was not going to smoke any more, and I quickly realized that for me this meant isolating myself socially for a short while. I spent a lot of time with a few key friends who were sympathetic to my plight, and I buried myself in my studies. I spent many hours on reddit, and every one at /r/stopsmoking made my life so much easier. I had a cigarette now and then, but I found myself going whole weeks without one, and eventually made the decision last fall that I was completely done and I started my badge. It was actually rather easy from there, and I haven't picked up a cigarette since. I even had the opportunity to study abroad in Cuba, and those world famous cigars had zero appeal to me. My cessation has been a complete success, I am not at 802 days and counting. 

tl;dr: If you are planning on quitting this holiday season, take your resolution seriously, but realize that it may be a year long process, and that is totally fine! You can do it! 