I smoked last night. Here's a novel explaining my behaviour. 

It was the end of a very long day of drinking with friends. I was by myself at the end of the night downtown and ended up buying a pack of cigarettes and lit one up. 

The reason I did this wasn't because I had a particularly tough day, or was even that stressed in any way. I've found different ways of dealing with stress since I quit smoking but I smoked because I had stopped going to the gym because of the constraints it put on my time, and without that other release I slipped back into smoking that god-awful cigarette. Here's how it felt;

To start with, putting the thing in my mouth was just such an incredibly foreign experience it felt like the first time I had ever done it. It was absolutely fucking terrible. The taste was horrible, the smell was horrible, and my lungs and throat reeled IMMEDIATELY. It was incredibly painful to finish the whole thing. I almost started crying after I was finished (22 y.o. Male) because of the absolute shame and utter disgust I felt with myself. The headrush nearly knocked me unconscious. The taste was like it had never been before, it was absolutely revolting. It nearly made me throw up and shit myself at the same time (remember the laxative qualities?). Even just looking down at what I used to consider such a staple of who I was lit between my fingers made me feel like such a complete moron. 

Smoking that one cigarette made me feel weak beyond any comparison. I had done so well and to slip up in an instant of poor judgement was absolutely devastating. All last night and for the most part of this morning I just considered myself a smoker again and was so angry with myself. I smoked four cigarettes today as I would have usually but after my last one (and when my sobriety had returned and the hangover was gone) I had a revelation. The cigarettes were exactly the same as they had been the night before and I realized that this slip up was a blessing in disguise. All this time I've been considering smoking this forbidden fruit sort of thing that's so tempting because it's so good and I enjoyed it so much. It's not. It's the furthest thing from it. It's a vile, disgusting, assaulting, viscous activity that I'd convinced myself I loved because of the incredible strength this addiction had on me. 

So in the end I appreciate what happened. I knew I could beat the physical aspect of smoking and the withdrawl symptoms considering I've gone a third of a year without it, but that entire time I just thought it was only a matter of time before I started again. I still had that nagging in the back of my mind that wanted the cigarette more than anything. Now I can say without a shadow of a doubt that I will NEVER smoke cigarettes again for the rest of my life. 

Thanks for reading, I really just needed to write this out to get it off my chest and maybe help out one of you guys who are in the early stage. It's an arduous journey but the rewards are incredible. Oh, and I got laid on Friday because I'd quit smoking. So that's pretty sweet too.  

Keep fighting the good fight everybody and remember that you can do it!