Realized I need to quit while I’m ahead

I’m not sure if this is quite the place for this, because it’s not smoking, but vaping and nicotine addiction in general.  I also don’t mean to marginalize anyone else’s addiction to nicotine with my own brief stint, but I wanted to share.

I’m a 17 year old who just graduated high school, and of course, everyone around me is vaping.  I’d tried it a few times, and I enjoyed the nicotine buzz, so I figured I’d purchase my own vape to have around the house.  I bought a suorin air, and it came in a week ago.  I also bought 50 mg nicotine salt juice, because if I was going to use it, I might as well catch a buzz.  Since it came in, I’ve been wary of using it too much, because I recognized that nicotine was addictive and I know I have an addictive personality.  However, tonight, as I sat at home with nothing better to do, I realized that despite not particularly wanting to, I kept reaching for my suorin to take a couple puffs.  The nicotine made me feel REALLY good.  It felt better today after fighting the urge to vape than it did when I first picked it up, and for the first time, I was able to face the truth I had been trying to avoid since I started:  For me, I don’t believe there is any way for me to use nicotine without becoming addicted.  The second I accepted that, I got up, walked outside to my dumpster, and threw my vape right in.

I got lucky.  I spent $40 total on the vape, the juice, and the cartridges before I realized what a beast nicotine was.  I realized I didn’t want to live a life controlled by nicotine, regardless of whether it’s “healthier than cigarettes” or not.  I have a whole new level of respect for people trying to quit smoking, because if I could feel that way after only a week of regular use, I can’t imagine the difficulty of trying to quit after years of use.  I don’t know if I’d have the strength to do what you guys are doing, so I hope I can provide you a little encouragement in letting you know that your battles with nicotine have helped me to avoid one of my own.