Struggling while life flips me the bird

According to my smoke free app, i am currently 244.15 days with out a cigarette. I started vaping the day i quit cigarettes, and slowly pushed the nicotine out of my ejuices. I cant remember the exact date but its been roughly 3-4 weeks since i have been without nic. 
its been a bit tough a times, but nothing i cant handle.......but im really struggling right now.
I have known for a while that my van likely did not have much life left in it. 215K miles....lots of noises, and a rough life. So i have spent the last couple months searching for a replacement, being very picky since there was no rush. Last Thursday it left me stranded with what i am assuming is a dead fuel pump. Rather than spend the $800 to fix it, i kicked up my search. Than this morning i test drove a van that drove great, low-ish miles, a few fancy dumahickys that i knew the wife would like, and at a fair price. I made the deal and as soon as the paperwork was filled out, i went to leave and the battery had died. I already had it in my head to get a new one because the one that was there was old and corrodid so no big deal. The guy i bought it from even kicked me back $50 for a new battery (which actually cost me $150) and gave me a jump. Got the battery and had some trouble getting the old one out, and being way past my bed time (Graveyard worker) had the wife take it to a shop to have them put it in. Then tonight on my way to work i stopped about a mile outside work to get gas, and as soon as i pulled away the damn thing started hesitating and trying to die. I made it to work, but now am going to have to get it towed to a shop after i get off work. I don't have the time or the money for this shit, and all i want to do is take a step outside and light one up. I have way to much going on in life right now to be piling more and more stress on top. ugh, wish me luck that i make it through one more day with out Joe camel trying to kill me, and thanks for letting me vent.