I'm a young 20-something year old male who has been smoke free for over 6 months and hasn't looked back (sorry if I offend anyone with language, if my foul mouth offends you I would kindly request that you fucketh thyself).

First of all. I contribute nothing to this sub, ever. Maybe once or twice. I do not contribute my success of quitting from this sub, but it surely was a catalyst. So for that, I thank the active community and moderators for all your efforts trying to fight the good fight.

Let's talk about how my life has been after I quit. It has been great. 

I have gotten in to literally the best shape of my life. 

I have so much more energy. 

I sleep better at night...even my dreams have improved from gloomy to motivating.

I can run farther. 

I feel better about myself on an aggregate scale.

 I don't smell like an ashtray (let's face it, when we smoke boy do we smell like ass). ...speaking of which, I can smell better. 

I am more aware about what I put in to my body, and as a result am living a healthier lifestyle.

My boost in confidence/personality/physique have been attracting some *good* attention from the ladies.

That disgusting black phlegm I used to cough out in the mornings? Gone.

This weird feeling I used to get in my heart is now gone.

Oh, and I've been saving a shit ton of money. A fuck ton. I can easily say that compared to my smoking self, I am one rich motherfucker. 

I am more in tune with what I stand for and by, and as a result I'm able to make the choices I want to make, rather than just fitting in with the crowd and complying with what everyone else around me does. 

Basically, shit is good for me right now. I am on a better sleep schedule, work a 40 hour job, at a company I am extremely happy to be in. I landed that job after I quit smoking, not before. I really don't think I would have been able to get this job had I not quit. No joke.

I used to smoke a shit ton. Every day, anywhere from half a pack to a whole pack. If I drink (and boy do I love my whiskey), the most I've ever smoked was 3 packs in a night. A drunken night of madness. I wasn't able to talk properly for a couple days after that, my throat was shot.

Before I quit, I had attempted stopping several times before. "Ah, I'll quit when I need to, I'm still young." or "Fuck that, so what if I'm doing harm to myself, I like it, so I'm going to continue it" or "I'll quit after I do ____". 

None of those really worked for me. 

Leading up to quitting, I ordered a Blu ecig starter kit. No nicotine whatsoever. I had this theory that addition to smoking after you have done it for so long is less of a physiological nicotine craving, but more of a phycological addiction to the habit of wanting something in your hand, in your mouth, a pack in your pocket, no money in the bank account, lighting up after a meal, lighting up as soon as I wake up, you get the picture. 

But shit out of luck me had to wait 3 weeks for my order to get to my house. It was at a time when these blucig guys didn't have anything in stock and I had to wait for the manufacturing process to take full motion.

While I was ordering my ecig, I kept telling myself, I'm spending so much money on this shit, I should really just stop once it gets in. I went to the store and bought a pack of Dunhills, the menthol ones. I didn't usually smoke menthol but I was like fuck it I just feel like trying these. I smoked less and less over those three weeks. Trying to actively keep myself in check when I would go out. 

Then my ecig came in. I still had over half of that pack I bought when I ordered my ecig, which by my standards was like turning water to wine. Very cool. 

I tried it out. I was able to pull a lot of vapor, and the flavors I ordered were a pretty cool experience. I'd take that fucker everywhere. Smoke in my car, smoke at the hospital, smoke at a restaurant. This shit was awesome! I was able to smoke fucking inside and when I was asked to stop, I would refuse and say it was water vapor! I felt a little douchey but fuck it. Yolo, as the kids would say it.

I was doing well for a bit, then one day I had one of those green dunhills. I was like okay I've been doing so well, I should reward myself. I did reward myself. But it felt empty. In the back of my head I kept on thinking, I'm rewarding myself for not smoking, by smoking. But I finished the fucker anyways, and it was good.

I was smoking a lot less after this purchase. But I was still sort of smoking, at this point I probably had 7 remaining cigs left in that green dunhill pack of smokes. 

One day, I said fuck it. I wanted to see this challenge through, so I threw away my dunhills. I got rid of the problem. If I wanted more, I'd have to go buy more or ask someone. I would have to ACTIVELY find a cigarette in order to smoke one.

I held my shit together, and stuck with my blucig. One thing I noticed about this device is that I felt like a gargantuan pussy using it. I just was the epitome of a hopeless faggot who couldn't commit to quitting so was using something else as a crutch. I felt lame with it. What I once perceived to be looks of curiosity and admiration while toking up on my ecig, were now perceived as melancholic looks of disapproval and a source of twisted humor. 

I eventually stopped using the blucig after my first round of cartridges. 

After that, I was neither abusing myself with actual cigarettes, or abusing my street cred with ecigs. I was just another guy that didn't smoke. Plain and simple. 

Over the course of this whole process, I had started P90X probably 3 or 4 weeks prior to quitting. After I went cold turkey, my performance and physique shot up, and everything just got better.

The only thing that I feel like got me to finally quit was my inner drive. No products, no support networks, nothing like that. After all, no one is going to light up a cigarette and put it in your mouth. You're (for 99.999% of all occasions) are the one who initiates the smoking process, one cig at a time. I wanted to smoke, and I acted on it. 

While smoking I wanted to stop. I had a desire to not do it even though I continually did, because deep down inside I knew I was slow cooking my organs away to the shitter. I wanted my lungs to be the way they used to be like, when I was a kid and could hold my breath for absurdly long times under water. I wanted to feel better about myself, but never realized that cigarettes were the things bringing me down, not pulling me up. People always say that smoking calms your nerves. Bullshit. I was a nervous wreck when I smoked. I would whip out a cig to confront insecurities. I'm still fighting some of those insecurities, we all have them admit it or not. But a lot of them have dissipated. Sure, I enjoyed smoking, but that enjoyment was like what you hear about heroin: it takes more and more for you to reach *that level* and it's never the same as your best time. Sure you can keep trying to chase the perfect cig, but that was a one time thing far in the past. You may not even remember it. Smoking has now become part of my daily ritual. Part of my daily ritual was killing myself. Fucking my body up. Looking back at it now, I think to myself fuck that; fuck smoking. 

I can stand around smokers, and not ask for a smoke. I've had one incident where while drinking I asked for a drag from a friend, which I took. I had a tiny drag, hardly had an inhale, gave it back to him and said, wow, I don't enjoy this shit anymore. I have no desire to go back. If your friends make fun of you for quitting, if they call you a pussy, if they really try to coax you into one, just say, fuck you, I am happier not smoking than I was not smoking, if you want to take away from my happiness, I am not going to be your friend anymore. Most of the time I just give a jack off and ejaculate in the general direction of whoever is being a jerk off trying to get me to smoke and that works well for me. But hey, to each his own I guess.

I'm not saying that this process was easy by any means. There are downs. But as time progresses, there are less downs, and more ups. And they only get better and better. I am a testament to that. I want my days to get better and better, and will actively ensure that I go about my life in a manner that makes this happen. Every day I am happier than the last...the sky is truly the fucking limit. 

You as well, can do whatever you set out to, as long as you want it, and actively try to achieve it.

***TL;DR: No, fuck that. I spent a long time writing this. Sure the grammar might not be perfect, and tenses might be jumbled. But I wrote these words for a reason, not just to be summarized in a stupid reddit-esque way. If you're like me and immediately scrolled down to read a TL;DR, this is for you: read this wall of text or get the fuck out!***