Quitting unfiltered cigarettes and help

Hey guys, had my last popper at 5:30 PM yesterday. I promised myself that after I finished my 3rd year of university, I could no longer claim exams and studying as a "stress" that needed to be helped with a popper, so here I am seriously attempting my first quit.

Poppers are a very regional thing here in Ontario, Canada. Poppers - NOT the stimulant drug that some people use to help with the enlargement of their butthole - are when you fill a bong bowl with xx% tobacco, xx% weed instead of 100% weed (poppers are usually 50/50). Smoking both the unfiltered tobacco and the weed together amplify the potency of both, spiking up your tolerance for both much higher as well. Smoking a popper is accompanied by a VERY huge headrush, similar if not waaaay better than those first couple cigarettes that every smoker seems to chase after. This meant that, instead of a regular pot user smoking 1 joint/2 bowls and being high and satisfied for at least 2 hours or more; I would be smoking 3 to 5 poppers EVERY hour in order to maintain the high. My ratio of tobacco/weed in poppers went from starting at a 30/70, to an eventual 50/50, to the point now where I've been smoking 60/40's or 70/30's, much more tobacco and much less weed. The fact that this is all unfiltered tobacco makes it much more worse.

After the relentless lecturings by friends whom have smoked poppers and stopped (Fuck you Tyler, I'm finally trying to quit you charmingly gay man) and browsing this subreddit for the past week, I think I've finally gained the courage to seriously attempt this. I still have 5 cigarettes left in my car but as soon as I leave for work I'm tossing them in the garbage. I realize now just how much of an addiction nicotine holds over me and how much it affects not only myself, but my loved ones. I want to have sex with my GF for more than 15 minutes without dying, I want to get in better shape and exercise more, I want to STOP all the nasty phlegm and coughing especially. The point of this post for me, at least, was to solidify my attempt to quit and show you guys another facet to smoking that you might not have heard about.

Thank you for posting your stories of success and your attempts at quitting. It inspires me to keep persevering through the cravings, and to know that there are people suffering just as much if not even more worse than I am, but have still gone through more days of quitting, really puts things into perspective. Thanks for reading guys.