First day on my own

..it's also my 24th birthday

I've been smoking for about five and a half years, a pack a day for probably the last four. I started seeing someone this last February, though, that has totally changed my life.

To me, it was hard trying to hide it from my family. My mom, most of all, who had said if I ever smoked around her, I'd had to give her one. Knowing she's like me, that having one just means you'll want another, and another, made it a little easier. I could handle a few hours, but after a certain point would just be looking for a way to end our time together so I could smoke in peace. 

Then I met Travis. Travis, who had the same upbringing, of both parents smoking. Who smoked at an earlier age, 16, for a few months, then decided fuck that. Travis, who knew I smoked, just not how much.

I felt horrible lying, but I also knew I've been wanting to quit for years. "Wanting", even though I do enjoy the escape. But the more time I spent with him, the worse I felt breaking away, just to come back and smell bad to him. More than that, because we've had many conversations about it at this point. He'd tell me how he can tell, even when I didn't around him, that I'm a smoker. He can tell my lungs are affected, and my energy. I have to breathe a certain way if I even want to go on a rant about something.

He's the first person, outside of my smoking friends, that I've ever been completely honest with. It's lead to a few "arguments", mainly me looking for acceptance of my addiction. Mainly when we've both been drinking, and even though I would only have one or two, even sometimes zero, throughout the day, it wasn't an excuse. He gets (even more) stubborn when he drinks, and I would get upset that he'd pull away and treat me with such disappointment.

Now, I usually spend the entire weekend with him. I think there have been 3 Sunday's so far that I wouldn't have any. I have been using an e-cig, but it's taken me a while to get used to, especially just making sure it's charged, filled, and just generally running smoothly at specific times. 

I told him several weeks ago that I wanted quit by the end of April, to which he responded, "that's great, babe! What are your weekly goals?" Honestly, no one has ever asked me anything like that before, aside from when I took guitar lessons back in grade school/middle school. It was a complete curve ball, and I was left speechless for a few minutes. Then I thought, I don't really have any. 

Here's what I've done though -

About two weeks ago, last Friday, I switched to American Spirits. Just that alone, after two of those, left me shaking. I'm not sure if it was from withdrawal from the other chemicals, but I stuck with them. I noticed that, with that, I immediately cut to half a pack a day, easy. Also busted out the e-cig that I had bought last, like, September? Started with a 15mg nicotine, and felt like it wasn't helping, because I still wanted to smoke at least half a pack a day, after a week. So I upped to 24. That, was harsh. Coupled with still smoking half the pack, I felt kinda funny when I got to situations of friends chain smoking. I'd smoke one, then puff the e cig for a while, until all the other friends had had at least two or three more a piece. Then I'd smoke another.

Then I decided, it wasn't the nicotine. It couldn't be. So, got some new juice last Thursday, two 30ml bottles of 12 a piece. I'm just using a starter kit vape, but on days I spend with Travis, it does the job.

So. I got through yesterday just dandy. I've noticed I will have cravings around him, but it's been getting easier to talk myself through. So much easier, that last night I had the thought, why not just be done? I saw a post yesterday (or maybe the day before, who knows with reddit) of someone giving themselves a birthday present. I thought that was brilliant! Today can be my first day, on my own. I can fucking do this!

I don't need anyone but myself, and at the end of the day, I have no one to answer to but myself. Travis has asked me almost every day the last few weeks, "how did you do?" And honestly, I lied a few times, saying only 3 or 4 when it was more like 6, or 7, or 10. How would he know?

But I know that by the end of the day, I can already tell, that I will be so proud of myself that I will cry. I will be able to tell him, and everyone else, I did it. I fucking did it, and will continue to do it. I'm on day two of no tobacco. But today is day one for me.

To anyone reading, if you're like me, you subscribed a year ago and have simply skimmed through, seeing posts and being inspired, but all while lighting up that next cig. But my advice is, just find those people that don't smoke - they won't rationalize with you the way our smoker friends do. Find those people that you CAN be honest with. Maybe you won't be 100%, but, it's all up to you.

Thank you to everyone who does post. You've inspired me, someone who usually does just lurk, to speak up. Thank you to anyone who spends the time to read this - I hope this inspires anyone thinking about it to go talk to someone, and take those first few steps.