My boyfriend almost quit...is cutting back...I need perspective

Hey all. 

I'm on a throwaway. I've dated my sweet boyfriend for a little over half a year now. He started smoking socially a few years ago, and after a stressful event in his life last year, he became a habitual smoker. Averge about 4-5 a day. I knew he smoked when we got together and while I respect his independence and appreciate that he doesn't have addictions that wildly change his behavior (pill abusers etc) I have never smoked cigs and I am an athlete with a lot of concern for health and whatnot. He knows his habit is bad, and recently decided he would try to quit for the both of us. It was a little impulsive at the moment and sure enough the next day he was questioning everything and in the full swing of withdrawal. He also realized how dependent he was on them whereas before he says he wasn't really dependent. With everything going on in our lives, we realize that it may not be the best time to quit. I told him I could compromise on him cutting back (he says he will do three cigs a day no more) and working out three times a week (he hasn't routinely exercised in years). 

I need advice on how to help. I don't know how this process works. Or if him cutting back is even going to help. The main issues I have are with his dependence on them for mood stabilization and what  could happen to his heart. Cancer isn't in his family so I'm not overly concerned about that. He smokes outside so it's not ruining the house either. He's been really indecisive about it all since trying to quit which I understand. It makes me nervous, however, because I don't know if I need to force him to be more decisive or just take a step back and let him do whatever happens. 

Is cutting back even going to help? Will adding in exercise help? Should I be active in making sure he is sticking to things? Not bring it up at all? Try to encourage him to quit altogether? Can he even go back to being a casual social smoker? Google hasn't been helpful and I am in the dark. My hope, of course, is that once he starts cutting back and working out, he will eventually want to ditch it altogether. I've tried asking him how I can be there for him but most of his friends and family smoke and don't intend to quit so I don't think he really knows what I can do. 

Thanks everyone. Be healthy and be strong.