Quitting in two days, any tips?

I'm 21 years old, been smoking since I was 15. The last two years it's been over a pack a day, as I've been rolling my own, which made it super cheap to smoke to my heart's content. I decided now that I'd quit as soon as I run out of tobacco... Well, now I'm down to just crumbs. Today I decided to buy a pack of my favorite cigarettes to go out on a high note.

I've been down to 7 a day recently, but I'm gonna finish off the pack tomorrow, and then try as hard as I can to stay off 'em after that. Honestly, I'm terrified. I'm scared I'll let myself down, or that I'll be a dick to the people around me. The habit is so ingrained in my day at this point that just the thought of not having a smoke after I wake up and before I go to bed is a bit unsettling.

I've got an e-cig that I plan to use to fight the cravings the first few days, but I don't know if that's a good idea. I was hoping some people could tell me about their experiences and give me some tips to stay strong.

Thanks

EDIT: Figured I should add, I've wanted to quit for a while, but I've been hesitant because so many people around me smoke. Recently, most of them have been quitting, so it seems like a good time. My brother and his wife quit, one of my best friends quit, my dad (who's 50 and has been smoking since he was 13) has been trying but still has a few every day... My mom's the last domino, and I don't think she has any intention to quit. She chainsmokes like a madman. It's still something I'm a little concerned about being around, but I think it'll be fine after the first few days. That said, I really don't know.

I'm most afraid about just losing the habit. I like having a cigarette when I start watching a show, or a movie, or playing a game, or after eating, going for a walk, to get some "fresh air" (hah) at a party... I dunno man, it's just become such a big part of my life that it feels like quitting water.

Sorry I'm rambling, I've been fighting with this since I made the decision to quit, and since the day is fast approaching, I'm a little uneasy about it. I wanna say that I *know* I can do it, but I've always given in to my desires. I'm a very indulgent person. That said, I'm also a very stubborn person, and I believe my will can win out if I'm determined enough.