Beginning a new life

Today is my last day as a smoker. This is the hardest thing I have ever done. Through all the years of abuse, trauma, loneliness, helplessness, disability and hopelessness I had one comfort. That little poisonous habit. It numbed me to the pain, it allowed me to keep going. Or that’s what it and I told me was happening. I knew if I didn’t get that next cigarette I would not be ok. All of the weight would come crashing down and crush me. In a way, I was right. There is a chasm of pain that I have been trying desperately to avoid. I tried to detach myself and intellectualize my issues. It’s so infuriating to know all the right things to tell yourself and yet not believe them. It’s something so much deeper inside. Something that the conscious mind doesn’t touch. Something primal. I can do it. It is physically possible. But it is a special kind of hell. It’s finally swearing off that abusive friend you have invested so much love, money and time to. That thing is not the cigarette. It is the part of you that is a smoker. The part of you that says you are weak. Because if you are weak, you know who to blame when it goes wrong. It is always you that let you down and you always will. Addiction is the worst kind of beast. All the self destructive, avoidant, scared and lazy aspects of our psyche shine brightly here. I have watched loved ones fight addiction and fail. I have seen them break away for a while and then go back. This is not the person I will allow myself to be. It ends today. And I will never be able to touch another one. I will have fought and suffered to survive this and I will not waste all that pain and energy. This is a death and I am grieving. It is also life though. It is the death of something that needs to die so that something beautiful can exist. I have tried to quit many times, but I always knew it would fail. This time, there is no option. I can, I will and in two weeks lets see if I’m a decent human being again. If you hear and understand this horrible process I am going through, please share your experience. Every little bit of hope will get used as fuel for my battle.