200 days done, roll on 1 year!

I have just checked my counter, nice surprise!
26 years of a pack a day of reds and most of a second pack if I went out. I know I will never ever smoke again in my life. I now absolutely hate smoke anywhere near me, I moved position in an outside bar area because of a table of smokers beside me. I don't hate the people just the act.

I still get ocassional pangs but I am comfortable in the certain knowledge that in less than 30 secs (used to be a couple minutes) they will have passed and in truth they are only faint almost ghost-like relative to how I used to feel.

Cold turkey worked for me and I can't imagine drawing it out with the NRT stuff but I can defo see how they work for some people, I just wanted to see the upsides as soon as possible and if I was still involved in the act then I don't think that would work.

I mostly notice upside in the mornings, I don't suffer bad hangovers any more and generally don't feel bad getting out of bed (I start very early). I snore a lot less and in general seem to sleep better. My breathing is still not back to where I want it and I don't feel my lungs are fully back where they will eveuntually get to. My taste buds are more sensitive and I rarely use a lift/elevator for less than 3 flights of stairs both going up and certainly going down. I did put on a lot of weight when i stopped initially and I am still a stone or two above my fighting weight but I will get on that more seriously soon. On the 1 year anniversary my insurance will classify me as a non-smoker. My wife and kids are delighted with me. Work notice I don't leave the desk anymore which is defo a good thing. Flying and airports are no longer difficult days for me. 

I hate smoking and I hate the hold it had over me for so long. I absolutely know that I will not even smoke again as the act of it has nothing that I want. It doesn't help me and it doesn't make things better or make me feel better. 

If anyone needs any help/sugestions or wants to talk about it then feel free to message me. I am on Uk time...

This is the greatest thing I have done for myself. I don't need rewards or treats or anything. Being free of those horrible filthy gaspers is worth more to me than anything else in this world.

A pox on cigarettes and the companies who sell them and perpetuate the cycle, they do nothing positive for the world.