Waiting for the day

I can't wait for the day to arrive when I am posting one of those "1-year and never felt better" posts. 

I have been a smoker for longer than I have not been a smoker (I am 42 years old...). I always planned to stop by 45 but on the morning of my birthday on Sunday I said what the hell and pulled the trigger 3 years early. I had 3 Camel lights in my coat pocket since then and only binned them yesterday. This is the first time I have ever stopped smoking in all my years. I cannot remember a day when I have not smoked, hospital stays & flu infections included.

I wouldn't say i was a particularly heavy smoker for the >20 years, normally I would say 7-8 a day, maybe a few more maybe a few less depending on health, every day and if I went for beers after work (2-3 times a week) then up to a pack of 20 could happen but normally 4-5 short of a full packet. 
My friends and I all have relatively stressful jobs so beer after work and standing outside bars smoking was a huge thing for our group. As a family man I would join for a power-hour or two but very rarely still there past 7pm. I have not really announced to many of them that I am going to stay from the post-work beers for a month or so as I believe that will be my downfall. At home on Wednesday I decided to have a few beers and that was the first time I had to really fight not to go outside the back door for a cigarette. Thankfully as everyone says the pang passed quickly and the emptiness or feeling that something was missing took a little longer and I could genuinely feel my resolve weaken with each small beer which I didn’t like at all. I know if I was out with friends who almost all smoke and was enjoying 2 or 3 pints in good company, it would be too much for me to resist.

I have done this without using any aids. Not sure why but I think I want this done as quickly as possible for my own sake and while NRT etc probably make it more successful I feel they will only drag out the process and slow me from re-training my brain to not want to do this or feel like this.
I am really trying to focus on the up-sides for me of doing this. I make myself be excited about how good this is going to be in the near future. This is going to be the best thing I ever do and  it is going to cost me nothing but discomfort for a period. This is way better than getting a nice new TV or a better car or even a new house, this is absolutely huge for me and my family. I can’t wait to be happy; no more horrible smells, no fear of sitting on a plane anxious to get out the airport the other side, no standing in the rain, no painful lungs when I have a cold, no lingering coughs & colds for weeks on end, no hangovers make 10 times worse by smoking a packet of cigarettes, no more constantly feeling like I am slowly killing myself and passing the event horizon for how this is going to impact my health for ever more. No more scrambling around looking for a cigarette late at night at home. No more making the kids sad when they keep asking me to stop and I don’t. I want to be like everyone that doesn’t smoke, I want this so very much and as I said all it is  going to take is some discomfort for a period of time and to retrain my brain to not make me feel that I will be in a better situation than I am now if I just walk outside and smoke a cigarette. Sheesh I cannot wait for the day. I can get cheaper insurance in due course and I can be the one telling people I used to be a smoker 10 years ago.

I am going to do this. I don’t want to smoke anymore and it does not help me or make me feel any better when I smoke. I rarely enjoy the act of smoking, it does not give me any real tangible pleasure or satisfaction or even relief. It is killing me and has been for the past 20 years and it is going to stop.
