Quitting Hookah - Day 2

I'm not going to write every day, but yesterday I posted about quitting hookah and I wanted to follow-up on that. 

In the evening after a meeting, I had a friend (S) tell me to join them at the local hookah bar. This is a place I had always been going to for the last 5 years, so I knew it would be a challenge. I went in there, said hello to some other friends, and sat down with them. (S) is trying to cut down on her hookah too, but not trying to stop completely. I hung out with her for a while (zero temptation!) before going to join my other friend (M) at her place for a little while. Got there, and guess what? Three more hookahs are going. 

I'm also trying to get a handle on my drinking, so seeing the beer sitting on the counter wasn't helping too much as an escape. Fortunately, I'm cool with weed :) So I smoked a bowl of that to help me chill out and cope. I did just fine there. 

Well, then guess what? Another friend called me (B) and she had just gotten a new car the other day that I haven't seen yet. Guess where she was heading? Local hookah bar (go figure, right??). So, (M) and I go down to meet her, and again, surrounded by smoke for a time. Thankfully, I do have supportive friends, and it was starting to get late, so I had an excuse not to stick around and be tempted. 

Around this time (S) hits me up (she's a nightowl) and asks me to come over to her place and play some cards with her boyfriend and our other friends. I show up.... and there's a hookah going. And there's liquor bottles on the counter. 

And yet.... I stayed strong. I read somewhere yesterday that every time the addiction comes back and tempts you with that "one more puff" or "one more drink," and you say no, you're taking its power and giving it back to yourself. I kept this in mind the entire evening, and by the time I took off last night, (S) took my hands, grasped them, and said how proud of me she was. All of our other friends were too :) 

I never reached for the hookah at all last night. I never talked about it, asked for it, gazed at it longingly, nothing. And I stayed sober too! (Well, minus a few bowls of weed).

I've been trying to kick this habit for the better part of 2 years, and now I feel like I finally have the strength to keep going. Even though I'm new to this subreddit, and most of you struggle with cigarettes, I've been coming here for a while and I want you to know that your stories, your inspirational moments, and your admission of struggles have helped me get to this point, so I want to thank you all for that. I hope this helps someone else too.

Here's to Day 2, and not another puff, no matter what!