Third time relapse

 I am 40. Started smoking  when I was 15. I quit three times. 

First time was when my wife was pregnant in 2011,  we both quit. I didn't smoke for two years. Second time was when my father got (and died from)  lung cancer. That was in October 2016. My wife didn"t stop this time with me,  I couldn't convince her. While I absolutely can't control myself and go through at least a pack a day,  she normaly smokes 5-6 cigs a day.  The second time I lasted for 10 months. The third time I stopped smoking in March this year,  my motivation being I am not gonna turn 40 and still smoke. I started smoking again in July. 


Uh...  Even typing this is difficult.  


My problems are: 

1) withdrawal phase - I absolutely hate it,  I am nervous  and belligerent all the time and I know I am very difficult for everyone around me. I behave like I have a really bad PMS and it lasts for at least two weeks. 

2) I can't seem to explain myself that this is an addiction. Few months after I stop I congratulate myself and then nostalgia kicks in,  I imagine just how great cigs feel and start thinking about how great it would be to binge smoke a pack. Few more months go by and I give in,  I usually have some excuse,  either I am upset about something, or I am in another country so "it doesn't count",  or some other stupid shit. I absolutely HATE those first cigarettes but I keep going knowing that eventually it will feel great again. It takes usually a month of "secret" smoking where I don't want to admit it to myself and others until full blown relapse. 

3) Binge eating. For months I eat like a have a hole in my stomach. I absolutely can't control through sheer willpower. About a year and half ago I went vegan and dropped 40 pounds in a year. From March to July I gained 15. I hate those extra punds and the fact I am not shading them off even though I am smoking now again. I am overwight + I have high blood pressure.  Funny thing is whenever I quit,  my blood preesure falls for at least 5-10 points,  so I KNOW that would be the best thing for me to do. 

4) Social (relationship)  moment. Smoking gives my wife and me excuse to spend time together on our beautiful balcony and actually talk while having coffees and smoke. I know it sounds stupid,  but when I quit last two times,  we just didn't spend the same amount of quality tike together. We couldn't have coffees together anymore because she would want to smoke and I couldn't just sit next to her. I KNOW we shoild find some other thingbto do together but that's easier said than done, 

I want to stop again soon. My sis actually gave me a good advice and said that I shouldn't look at this as a failure,  but only a lost battle and that the goal os to win the war. I really want to win this war and I fucking hate cigarettes (even though I am binge smoking while I type this). 


Now I have really hard time to get motivated to go though it all again. I would appreciate any sound advice about any of the four  sticking points above. And before anyone brings it up,  I read that book by Alan Carr and it did not help me. Also,  I am fully aware of the damages smoking does to my body,  my life expectancy and my wallet. I am also aware of the benefits of quitting. 

I just wish it wasn't this hard. 



