20 years smoker, 10 days quit, feeling good but know I need to stay strong

Hi reddit,

this is my first post. I quit smoking on July 31 because I started up in August of 1996 and could not face letting the habit get to its 20th birthday. I found this board through the smoke free app and have been reading consistently for the last week. Thank you all so much for sharing your stories and advice. It is very comforting and motivating to know that I am not doing this alone. My mission for day 10 is to tell people I've quit. But I'm not close to my family, I'm single, and my friends have all heard me say "I've quit" so many times that the words have lost all meaning. So I came here to tell you all that I have quit and I think I finally have all the tools I need to do it forever. Here's my story if you feel like reading:

I loved smoking. I smoked at least a pack a day, and at times more like 2 or 3. I started at 15 and so many of my positive memories and associations involved cigarettes. I smoked several first thing in the morning. The thought of going a day without cigarettes made me panic. The thought of spending the entire rest of my life without cigarettes was... well, unthinkable.

This is not my first quit. I knew smoking was bad, so I would periodically try to quit. I tried patches several times, with the first attempt almost 7 years ago (almost no success.) I tried vaping with no nicotine (no success.) I have read Allen Carr so many times, I made my own cliffnotes version of his book with my favorite passages. I got hypnotherapy ($$$.) I tried Wellbutrin.

Whenever something worked to help me quit, I would only make it a couple of months at best before using a stressful life event (mortgage, master's thesis, breakup, etc.) as an excuse to start up again. For the past 2 years, I have been a smoker/non smoker yoyo.

Mostly thanks to Allen Carr, I have learned how to get through the first few days of withdrawal without much suffering. But being able to go a few days without smoking always felt like such an accomplishment, and spending the rest of my life without smoking always felt like some abstract concept that I couldn't quite wrap my mind around. So each time, I would fail after a few days because I'd think, I'm strong enough to quit, I do it all the time, so I might as well let myself have one, and "really" quit "later." Crazy logic but probably familiar to many.

So now, I have 10 days down and am working on day 11. I know now I have to stay focused on the long game. I'm prepared for the really insidious rationalizations to come right when I reach a milestone and think I am "Safe." I know from experience that no nicotine product will ever be "safe" for me. For the first time in my life, that thought does not make me want to cry. 

For anyone interested, the best resources FOR ME have been Allen Carr and hypnotherapy. The last time I read Allen Carr, I tried the women's version of easyway and somehow found it less annoying than the original flavor. I don't know, his book really works but i find his style of writing very annoying and Easyway for Women was slightly less so. Seeing a hypnotherapist is expensive (and I relapsed after anyway) but it really helped, and I feel that it continued to help in future attempts--it's not like the effects wore off. Instead of going back for another $$$ session, I am using Andrew Johnson's app and listening to it while I sleep (perks of being single..) and I really like it. Smoke Free app is great too. I look at it several times a day and find that keeping a record of all my little triumphs is quite informative and motivating.

Good luck on your journeys, and stay strong, everyone. The best is yet to come.
