Almost a month free from nictotine! Fought some very intense trggers this week and won. Committing now to stay clean forever.

It's all in the title, but here are the details if you feel like reading. TL;DR: I am now a non-smoker. If I can do it, you can do it. Stay strong!

It has been almost one month since I ended my 20-year habit. Last week, I worked a really demanding gig (120 hours over 8 days.) Jobs like this one are a really big trigger for me, as many of the people in my field smoke, and taking breaks and shooting the shit together has been a really pleasant part of most gigs for me. An additional challenge was that there were cigarettes all around me and I had to handle them at times (both lit and unlit) and to top it off, they were my old brand. Well, I am very proud to report that I made it through without taking a single puff, and without even feeling the cravings that bad. I had one difficult craving but after I fought that one back, the rest were easy to shoot down. 

I smoked for 20 years and this is not my first quit, but I am finally confident that it will be my last.

I use the Smoke Free app, which has been really helpful in keeping me motivated, focused, and positive about quitting. I fell a bit behind on my missions due to the job, so I am catching up this weekend. I pent a good bit of time last night writing about the horrible legnths that i have gone to smoke in the past. There are so many stupid incidents that were caused because I absolutely HAD to have cigarettes, so many colds from smoking out in the freezing rain, so many butts picked out of the trash and smoked the last bit off in desperation. I have left the airport even though my layover was only 45 minutes and security lines were insane, in order to smoke. I have complained obnoxiously when I couldn't have a cigarette, and I have allowed my crankiness over not having cigarettes to be an excuse to behave horridly towards friends and family. I am so, so, so glad I don't do any of these things any longer. 

I noticed as well, in the past week, how bad smokers reek when they are fresh off a break, and how avoidant and annoying smokers are when they need a cig. I am embarassed and ashamed that that was me for so long. I am so happy to be out of it--even if I get sick sometime down the line, the immediate benefits of quitting are still so so worth it.

I don't have a lot of supportive non-smokers in my life, so I am going to make my committment public on this forum. I am never, ever going to smoke anytobacco product or take in nicotine in any form, for the rest of my life. No matter what life throws at me, I know I will handle it better as a non-smoker than as a smoker. In the past, right about this point in a quit is when I start thinking about rewarding myself for a job well done, with a cigarette. Not this time! I am in it to win it and I am in it forever.

Seriously, if anyone reading this is on the fence about quitting or staying quit, please believe me that if I can do it, you can do it. Today I am very much looking forward to my next check-in and to always seeing that little counter of "days without a cigarette" going up, up, up. Stay strong and healthy, everyone!