After 20 years. I'm smoke-free for 56 days and I feel like the person I always wanted to be.

Hi everyone, Like the title says, I'm a nonsmoker now for 56 days. Thanks for the encouragement in those first weeks, the culture on this message board is really amazing.

I am feeling amazing right now and I just want to let those considering quitting or early in the process know that the gains from quitting are almost imperceptible until one day you are like damn! when did things get so good? 

I think a big factor in my success this time around was that I did not expect the moon when I first quit. In previous attempts, I would quit AND try to start and exercise regimen AND start eating healthy AND try to date again or whatever. Basically, I would write myself a recipe for overwhelm and subsequent failure. This time, I planned my quit to coincide with the last few weeks of some time off, and I just allowed myself to be a total potato the first week of quitting. All  needed to do was not smoke. I watched a ton of tv, ate takeout, read magazines, bought frivolous shit online, cried, talked to the cat, took long-ass showers, read internet for hours--I literally expected nothing of myself besides not smoking.

I'm slightly shy of 2 months smoke- and nicotine-free now and lo and behold! I'm going to the gym, riding my bike at least twice a week, planning and cooking amazing meals, finding the motivation to tackle all kinds of projects, big and small, that have been languishing. I'm spending more time with friends, work relationships are proliferating and improving. 

I used to think that smoking made me happy. But how could that be true? by that logic, 20 years of smoking should have made me one of the happiest people alive! 

I know there will be challenges in the months and years ahead. I am still committed to this for the long haul and plan to stay vigilant, reminding myself of the gains I've made, actively undoing the years of mental associations and programming this addiction has left me with.  I'll continue to check in here as I log those days, weeks, months as a nonsmoker. Good luck to all of you, you have my encouragement and support in staying smoke-free!