I’m so upset.

Hi! I posted here about a week ago. I’m now two weeks without a cigarette- yay! It’s going really well. I’ve had no cravings and I feel great.

My boyfriend decided to quit with me, two days after I did- his idea! He’s been doing just as well- he’s coming up on his two weeks mark in a few days, according to him his cravings have been very manageable. He hasn’t seemed to struggle at all. 

Today, he lays a bomb on me that he wants to start smoking again. He has a guy’s weekend coming up soon, and wants to be able to smoke with his buddies, and knows that he will probably continue after that. 

I give him “the talk”- why?! You’ve already done the hard work. The worst of it is over! Why would you start up again just to look cool in front of your friends? One day you’re going to NEED to quit for your health, and you’re gonna wish you had when you were young. (We’re mid twenties)

His rebuttal? He doesn’t care. He wants to start smoking again because “he wants to”. Admits that quitting has been easy, he just likes to smoke and wants to continue. The words “I don’t care about bettering myself right now, I can worry about it later!” actually came out of his mouth. I just don’t get it. He has already quit! He’s two weeks out, and he’s done great! 

Even though we live together, I’m not worried about him smoking making me cave again because I really feel like I’m 100% past that. I just feel so fucking disappointed in him for having no urge to better himself or put in work whatsoever. It wouldn’t be as bad if he had had a really hard time quitting, gave it a good shot, but ultimately just couldn’t do it. But he has already done the hard part! He would be SO stupid to start smoking again. But according to him, he “just likes smoking and doesn’t feel like quitting”. I just don’t understand. I can’t get it through his head. It‘s so immature, careless, idiotic. We have no other issues in our relationship whatsoever, we’ve been together for three years, but this seriously makes me see him differently. 

I want to be the cool girlfriend who doesn’t give a fuck what he does and lets him make his own shitty decisions, but with this, I NEED him to see my side of it and he just won’t. Am I wrong for being this upset? Anything I can do, support I can give? What would you do?
