r/stopsmoking, we need to talk, about electronic cigarettes (4 year badge, not a vendor)

Hi Reddit,

To begin with, I quit, as I always did, using the Allen Carr Easyway method. I always found it easy, because I am quite 'brainwashable'. Seriously I just need to read through the book once, and I'm stubbing out my last cigarette.

That would be fine, but the brainwashing tends to only last for a few months, then I'll be at the pub, tipsy, borrow a cigarette from a colleague and it's back to square 1.

A few months back I decided to buy a big and powerful e-cigarette. I wasn't smoking at the time so decided to only vape nicotine-free e-liquid. I puffed on it for a few weeks; it was fun; my vaporiser was so powerful I could make huge clouds of vapour, and the flavours were nice too.

But after a while I totally stopped using it. It rested on my desk, unused, unloved. At this point I noticed a change. I could be tipsy, or drunk, and the temptation to smoke a cigarette was never there.

Coincidentally I read a great book recently called [the power of habits](http://www.amazon.co.uk/Power-Habit-Why-What-Change/dp/1847946240) by Charles Duhigg. He basically goes on to explain there are 3 elements to habit formation: the cue, the habit, the reward. In this case, the cue is the trigger that makes us want to smoke, the habit is smoking the cigarette, the reward is the nicotine hit. He suggests that to change habits, you need to change the habit, but keep the cue and reward the same.

I'm going to theorise here, and say that I changed the habit from cigs, to nicotine-free ecigs. There's lots of science in that book, basically the area of the brain in charge of this habit mechanism is called 'the basal ganglia'. This is where habits get physically hard-wired, and I'm pretty sure that by smoking on that e-shisha for a while I've totally unwired my cigarette habit, on a physiological level.

Sorry I know that I have no way to validate my claims here, this is purely my experience, but I wanted to share it with you all, because I finally feel that I am permanently free, while before it was only a matter of time before I had to reset my badge ;p

Cheers all, and all the best with becoming free. :)

