Headaches due to nicotine withdrawal or from lack of smoke inhalation?

I tried looking here and googling it but I can't find a real answer. I've been four days cigarette free (I "quit" last Sunday but relapsed on Thursday). Thursday night I started developing a headache centered mostly around the temples that would get significantly worse when bending over etc. Friday morning it was so bad that I had to go into work three hours late. I've NEVER felt pain like that before. My headaches are normally extremely rare and not debilitating.

I got another one last night and I woke up okay but then I got another one today around 11am and it's so incredibly painful. I've been on the patch so I don't think the headaches are from lack of nicotine. I've read some things that say the increase of oxygen is what causes headaches. Does anyone know if that's actually true?

I'm honestly not convinced it has anything to do with nicotine/cigarettes-Thursday I had smoked cigarettes. Friday I put the patch on first thing in the morning and the headache persisted. Today I forgot to put it on until 1230 but the headache started much earlier.

I've been doing yoga every day for the past 8 days-in case anyone finds any relevance.

Anyone have any ideas? Smoking/nicotine related or something else?

edit: I don't think they're migraines either-no noticeable light/sound sensitivity or anything

tl;dr- debilitating headaches seeming to happen regardless of whether I'm nicotine free, cigarette free, or on the patch halp

EDIT 2- possible resolution- Health center said it was due to stress which was causing muscle contractions in my head. I told her I've been very low stress the past few days (except for the first day I experienced the headache), but she said that even if I don't realize it, I may be subconsciously stressed because it's finals time. They gave me a prescription for Fioricet and said that if this continues after 3 days to come back. No headache yet today so I haven't used the prescription, but hopefully if the need arises it will help. Thank all of you!