Feeling lightheaded after quitting and switching to a vape pen?

Hi everyone,

I bought a vape pen a little over a week ago. After using it while also weening down on cigs for a few days (going from about 5-10 a day to 1 or 2), I finally made the full switch and haven't had an actual cigarette in almost 5 days now.

I feel proud to actually be here 5 days in, after thinking about quitting for so long but never actually trying it. I've already noticed some positive changes: better sense of smell and taste, I seem to be able to breather better, my heart doesn't beat as fast after some light physical activity, etc.

However the only thing I don't like so far is the feeling of lightheadedness I've been getting since quitting. I have a salt nic vape which uses higher level nicotine concentrations than typical vapes do. In the past 5 days, I've had a few instances of a 'strong' lightheaded feeling, while most of the time it was a much more subtle background feeling - probably not something I would have noticed if not for the prior strong feelings. I've also been experiencing some of the 'brain fog' as well. I've noticed driving or being in a car makes it a bit worse, almost like a motion sickness.

Just curious if others who have switched from cigs to vape have experienced this? I've been reading lots of stories that it's common to have this when quitting cold turkey, as well as from vaping TOO MUCH nicotine. Kind of odd that the same symptoms can occur from both lack of nicotine and excess of nicotine. I originally thought I was vaping too much nic, but I guess it could be the opposite, maybe a bit of both?

The weird part is I don't feel like I'm craving a nicotine, rather I just don't want to feel like this anymore.

I have read that drinking fruit juices, especially cranberry, can help as it may be changes in blood sugar regulation from quitting. So I will be trying that out today, and have been trying to stay extra hydrated as well. 

Does anyone have more tips or similar experiences? It was relieving to see so many posts talking about the same situation, glad I'm not the only one. 

Sorry for the lengthy post, I've smoked for several years now and this is my first time quitting so it's all new to me. Thanks!