I Smoked 3+ packs a day in August 2003 after smoking for ~30 years. I became a non-smoker in February 2004 and I have smoked every smoke (zero) that I have wanted to smoke (zero) since then. AMA

Yup, started smoking in the very early 70's (13) and I can't tell you how many hours I spent trying to quit. gf nagging me, the smell, the nicotine...I never stood a chance. 

Up until Aug 2003 you could measure the amount of time that I quit smoking total over the years in hours. Sometimes I even lasted minutes!  I was a very good smoker. The drama of quitting smoking was worse than anything else.. tell people (no!) set a date(no!) create pressure on yourself(no!)  and this is how I finally quit and went from 75 kingssize per day to zero in 6 months, smoking every smoke I wanted to smoke.

Essentially, I forgot to smoke. That is how I became a non-smoker. I quit nothing. After 30+ years of being a power smoker, I just  learned a way to forget to smoke. 

If this were an advert the send me your $$$ would be right here. It aint. The answer.. patches.

The thing I hated about patches is that they come with big lawyer legal shit that only increases the drama of quitting smoking. And on top of that they tell you to put the patches in a place where you remember that you are trying to quit and that only increases the drama. The more drama the less chance of success I have always found when it comes to quitting smoking.

** my disclaimer here:  anything beyond this point is non consenusal, non-scientific, and is not instructual and can kill you. Just because I survived this does not mean that you will. Talk to a doctor or pharamacist  before even casually thinking about what I am about to type. **

Yes, true story. I may have even done some permanent damage to my heart by doing what I did. **again, you may not be this lucky** And this is what I did:

I bought a box of the best nicotinepatches and I followed the enclosed instruction to the letter except that I smoked every smoke i wanted to smoke. I thought it was irrational for them to expect that just because I put on a patch I would somehow magically go from 75+ smokes a day to zero. So at this point my nicotine levels (etc) were up to around 100+ smokes a day when you think about it.

The next thing I noticed is that they tell you to put the patch on your arms. I noticed that I would touch the patch subconsciously often during the day and that would trigger a "gottagosmoke" response. Yet another drama increase.  So I did a big hmmm and I decided that out of sight, out of mind and I just started slapping them on my back. What a difference. For reasons that I do not know, the last time (long time) I checked they (patch manufacturers) did not include this as an option. I don't know why.. maybe they want you to fail and keep bying shit.

I'd get into the shower after waking up, take the old one off and toss it into the garbage. Then I'd shave, scrub the fangs, put a new patch on my back and forget all about it. I stopped after 6 or so weeks like it does say in the instructions automagically and then 6 weeks later I woke up on a saturday morning in January - I was back up to a whole pack a day by then - and I said, well, nope.. patch time again and the half pack I had left when I did that lasted to thursday and that was my last smoke and I don't care and I forced that last smoke down, just like a flat beer at 3am.

And that what I did. Forgot all about it. 

Could what I have done killed me or even worse make me like britteny spears? perhaps. I was very healthy when I did this and then I gained a shitload of poundage since then.. so win.. lose.. 

So, AMA Smokers!! 


