I went for a run for the first time in ages, the effects smoking has became obvious.

I decided some time ago that I'd quit smoking on the 5th of August, next monday. Two years ago I tried to quit out of the blue, I read some posts on Reddit that really motivated me at the time to give it a shot, only to find out that I wasn't in the right environment at the time and that it would've been better if I actually prepared for it.    

I'm in the middle of my preparations right now, starting to do the usual things a few days ago like cutting down on the amount I smoke, chewing regular gum in place of some cigarettes, asking myself questions about why I smoked and if I actually liked it... Stuff like that. Besides quitting smoking, I really wanted to do something about my physical health as I haven't actively worked out in roughly 9 years, around the time I started smoking.    

Tonight I had planned to go for a quick run to find out what my body is capable of. I set the lofty goal of a 20 minute run on my phone, thinking I was still capable of what I could do when I was 16, only to find out the exact opposite. My legs, stomach and the rest of my body didn't freak out as much as I thought they would've but my lungs... My lungs felt like they were burning, I swear I could feel the coating smoking left on them and my throat, like there's a thick grey layer covering everything. After having ran 2.2KM in 15 minutes (1/3 of which was walking out of breath instead of running), I had enough and found my way back home.  

For about 20 minutes after the run, I was coughing way more than usual, it felt like those coughs you make a few days after quitting where your lungs are cleaning up after the mess you've made for all those years. Funnily enough, my body felt like it could go for another round while my lungs disagreed.

The lesson I've learned is that smoking is holding me back from what I'm truly capable of. It doesn't matter how much I work out, I will never be in shape as long as I keep smoking. Monday is looking somewhat easier now that I know this.