1 week down, really thanks to you guys

Hey guys,

Had my last cigarette 8 days ago, and while it has been and continues to be extremely difficult, I am so happy and I don't want to go back. Although I still want to smoke sometimes obvi, I don't want to go back to being a slave and being unknowingly unhappy. 

I have not posted here yet but I have been reading this subreddit A LOT. I decided to quit kinda impulsively last monday, just had a gust of energy/hope after reading a bit of Paul McKenna's book, and so I just tried to ride that initial spark of motivation and use it to build up more, and with the help of this subreddit, it has actually been working! 

Regarding this subreddit, I just wanna say this is the best thing I have ever seen on the internet. At first I was truly shocked by the consistent kindness here, and I continue to feel very touched and empowered by reading these interactions. To see such vulnerability and realness on the internet (strangers expressing pride at their victories, shame at setbacks, a need for help)....that alone is awe-inspiring and life-affirming to me. But to furthermore see those outreaches be met with love and support and camaraderie from other strangers...that makes me really makes me proud to be a human.

The internet can be a mean, trolly place, so seeing such sincerity and kindness here really struck me. I think it made me realize how seriously strong my opponent is. When I came upon this subreddit and saw how all of you are taking your individual journeys seriously, and taking each others' need for support and advice seriously, it made me realize: “Shit. People from all different situations and walks of life are coming together to gang up on this smoking monkey on all our backs, because that is what it takes to beat him. This is a foe not to be trifled with.... time for me to stop fucking around."

Also, and even more importantly, I think the interactions on this subreddit show the strength that you fine folks have cultivated in your hearts as a result of living through this struggle. 

When I read a response from a guy who has 500 days behind him where he is giving advice to someone who is only 1 day in (or really any other interaction on here)…I see how smoking and quitting taught that non smoking veteran empathy and love and non-judgmentalness. I can’t think of any non smoker/non addict friend who could wrap their head around the way you all freely give up your time and energy to give each other strength. I am only just starting, and seeing the type of people you are to each other actually motivates me to keep going more than any of the health / lifestyle stuff. 

I have always had one particular weird complex about quitting (among others I’m sure) that goes something like this: in the past I felt like, I can't quit because quitting would mean admitting that I regret starting. And I don’t like to regret things, I don’t want to admit I regret things, because I can’t live in a world where I have regrets. I have always rationalized my mistakes by telling myself I learned from them or something along those lines, and my brain, like, can’t process the idea of having an actual real regret. I know that prob sounds crazy and yes maybe it is but thats kinda how I have always seen life/my world. So I felt like, if I were to stop smoking, then I am going to permanently feel like I am missing out (on smoking), plus I will still have the damage to my health that I have already inflicted. And if I quit, I will be constantly regretting starting even more than if I continue smoking, since you don’t miss out on the “pleasure” of smoking if you have never smoked (because of course its not actually pleasure at all in the first place but just relief from withdrawal). So I felt like, if I quit, then I don’t get to smoke anymore, and I have to live w the regret of starting, whereas if I keep smoking, I am telling myself and the world that I am doing this for a reason, that I don’t regret my decision to try my first cig, that I care more about "living in the moment” by indulging my urge to smoke than I do about living a longer healthier life. 

So thats how I felt about quitting before about a week ago. But now I see that I can quit and also not regret this smoking part of my life, because I can use it to make me a better person just as you all have. 

With all this ranting I am just trying to say that this subreddit has changed how I see the "quitting/admitting I regret starting" dynamic: I can quit and not regret starting because I can see that smoking and then quitting has helped make all you guys people better people, and it can make me a better person too. 
 
I am starting to realize that going thru being a smoker and trying to quit has already taught me greater empathy than I would have had otherwise, and also strength, and seeing you guys interact shows me how much better I can be, and that I CAN be like you all if I keep fighting, and that makes me REALLY want to keep fighting.

Thanks for reading and more importantly thanks for posting and opening up on here guys. Its great to be here with you! 

As Abe Lincoln said, the best thing about the future is it comes one day at a time. Here's to the future!