My fears of quitting and why I have continued to smoke even though I've told myself today's the day I quit everyday for years.

I've thought about quitting smoking for quit some time and have made numerous half-hearted attempts to quit, yet every time I finish that last cigarette I immediately want to purchase another pack. I spend the next few hours or rarely the next day or two trying to convince myself that I can quit and that I don't need to smoke, that I no longer want the stigma of being a smoker and that some how it will make all the things in my life better suddenly. Eventually I break down shortly after, purchase a pack of cigarettes and tell myself that I'll try again tomorrow or next week, maybe even the week after that. Its been an endless vicious cycle that I haven't been able to pull myself out of even though I feel that I desperately need too.

I've smoked for around 9 years, maybe 10. I personally can't remember what it's like not being a smoker, not to have that safety net. That little smokey treat I can run to when I've had a bad day or I'm bored. In reality what's kept me from not quitting is that I think I'm actually scared to quit, I don't know what life would be like with this part of my life gone. I feel almost dependent on my addiction and many days it's what makes it feel like I can make it through the day. Many people have hardships in their life, and I have my own whether its difficulty getting out of bed in the morning or being enthusiastic about work, or just doing well in life and accomplishing the things I want to accomplish to give purpose to my life.

I look at smoking as a crutch, a safety blanket and something to help me deal with what I find difficult in life and yet I also feel that it's hindering me as well. I've thought for a long time that quitting smoking would help me fight depression or get better at waking up in the morning and generally make me a function better overall as a person.

I keep coming back to it because I fear that I won't reap any benefits from quitting, I fear that it not only will not make me function better as a person but may hinder it and make it even more difficult to get from day to day. I fear that if i quit smoking that suddenly there's a part of my life that's gone, and I wont feel any better. That I'll need to fill that hole with some other addiction. I fear that I won't feel sharp and intuitive suddenly, that I'll feel constantly as if I'm jet lagged. I fear that it won't help me sleep better at night or be better at waking up in the morning. I fear that I'll basically give it up for nothing, that in the end I'll be a shell of a person without smoking and that it won't solve everything that I had hoped it would.

I'm posting this because I am going to be trying to quit again this weekend, and I hope that I can manage to kick this habit finally for good, I hope that it is everything that I hope it is and that I can finally live a life that isn't dependent on smoking and the only way I'll ever know for sure is if I try.

