I guess I had to quit smoking when I realized my "coming of age."

As an underage teenager smoking was as much a part of my rebellious nature as was cheap beer and property damage. Being able to "score" a pack of smokes off a young 19 year old, of whom I begged and pleaded with in front of a convenient store, was my right of passage into a world I created with my self, a world of fast music and carnage; Punk hardcore and teenager-ism. Music was everything, and the scene was was our world. Being tough, learning to fight with two hands and being as reckless as can be was our religion. Baltimore hardcore BABY! Smoking was like breathing air. Even though deep inside it made us feel like we were breathing helium. We were floating all the fuck over.

Then High school ended. Being from a blue collar family in a blue collar town, nobody went to college. Some did community college, others just worked as hard as they could. I was the latter. I became a full time associate at a grocery store outside the city. I was making a tad more money and working more hours. The reckless behavior of our youths started to wind down, as did the "do or die" mentality with showing our support to local shows. But I still smoked. As a 18-21 year old working 40+ hours a week, at the time, I felt as if smoking was the difference between life and suicide. I drank heavily with my friends on the weekends, had a lot of failed relationships, but smoking was as integrated into my life as drinking water, or eating food. It became so natural.

I eventually moved to northern Baltimore, the area of both rich and poor college kids who none-the-less only wish to fit in with their respected "subcultures," where I made friends quickly for my "authentic Baltimore vibe." At this point smoking was a part of my persona, That was my role. (In retrospect, I was merely a person who represented the very being they wished to represent, a boy who knew struggle, a boy who didn't take shit from no one.). So I smoked, I smoked and I smoked. I woke up and smoked a cigarette, drank coffee and smoked a cigarette then did anything and smoked a cigarette. 

I did this until the day came I realized my potential. It is not to say I never wished to quit smoking cigarettes prior. I was just always typecast-ed into that role of being a townie who was gritty. But was the day I had real ambition. In order to become more than what I was, or what I was from, I had to give up that lifestyle. Every cigarette made me feel like I was stuck in that role as "white trash." So I quit.

I decided the easiest way to quit was to treat it like I do any vice; do it when the time is right. I treated cigarettes like I did alcohol, social and occasionally. But even so, every cigarette made me feel like trash. I was already on the losing side of the tax bracket and smoking cigarettes made me feel more like a statistic than anything else. So I quit cold turkey, I started working out religiously and became the obnoxious fitness guy at the age of 27, as oppose to the scummy anti-everything guy I had been. And ever since, even though I still make a lower-lower middle class wage I feel like a million dollars because I am stronger, healthier and more tolerant then ever before. Quiting smoking truly raised my self esteem to be a real mother fucker. And a real mother fucker is who I was born to be.