Second day and feel awful. Sick or withdrawal?

Hi Reddit,

Glad I found this place as I think I'll need support over the next month or so. I'm 37, only started smoking about three years ago - self-destruction, divorce blah blah. I was on about 10 a day.

I actually have nothing at all against cigarettes, my partner smokes and that's fine. I quite like smoking. Our attitude has always been that you're going to die of something. Basically, the health implications whilst in the back of my mind are secondary.

The reasons I like smoking are the daily 'punctuation marks' that cigarettes give. I hate my job, and nipping out for a fag is a nice thing. On my own, away from the awfulness. Also, it's pleasant. It feels nice. Though recently, it hasn't (it really is the law of diminishing returns isn't it? One fag a day is amazing, but few out of your 10 are!).

Anyway, the main reason to quit is money. I'm a tech head and desperate for a new phone. I'm a music fan and have bought no more than 5 albums in 18 months, when it used to be 5 a month or so. We're skint, and so burning £30-£40 a week EACH is mental.

So, I decided on Thursday night I'd quit. And actually, other than to sate the craving I don't feel like I've wanted to smoke. I've wanted to get rid of the feeling of "wanting a cigarette" but I haven't actually wanted one, if that makes sense.

Yesterday, I had one final fag before work and didn't take any with me. I normally have 2 or 3 on my drive and didn't. I got to work, walked into the chemist and asked for help. I've got Niquitin Clear patches, step 2. Put the patch straight on and another this morning.

Now, I know symptoms can be awful but last night I was hot, sweating and feverish while being freezing cold. Everything from my mid-back down to my toes aches. I feel like I have flu.

My question is, do I have withdrawal or am I sick? As that's going to affect how I look after myself this weekend! I can't see much reference to flu-like symptoms.

Anyway, I feel good mentally. I don't want to smoke and I can get a new phone contract in about a month, which will make me very happy indeed!

EDIT I've just realised that most of you are probably from the US, so me nipping outside for a fag isn't what you think...