Identity crisis?

I'm sorry if this is long, I'll do a tl;dr at the end.

I quit cold turkey about a month and a half ago. I live with two smokers who smoke "at the door", so the smoke comes inside a lot and I can smell it. Luckily, unlike many ex-smokers I dont like the smell and havent felt any real desire to smoke beyond the desire for social interaction, so I feel comfortable joining the smokers and talking to them (I do chew a lot of gum tho). 

What I'm trying to say is, I'm having an easier time than expected with not smoking. I generally forget that smoking is a thing I used to do, I see myself as a non-smoker, I basically fooled myself into believing it's so divested from me as a person that I...

Am now having sort of an identity crisis. 

I quit smoking under dire circumstances while my life was in great upheaval. I had no routines, we were broke as hell and traveling all over the west US, I was constantly stressed out and anxious and miserable. Quitting during that was probably dumb, but I'm glad I did. The result of the chemical response/withdrawal to quitting definitely left me incredibly depressed and hopeless; for three weeks I could barely get out of bed, I had zero will to live and nothing gave me pleasure. The only reason I kept going is because I knew that most of my mood was a result of withdrawal and that it would pass. In fact, I promised myself that if it didnt pass after four weeks I could chew some nicotine gum and get a buzz off of it and hopefully stabilize my crazy emotions. 

Now, I've gotten a lot of my emotional variation back and am no longer in such a bad way. Most of my anxiety/depression has roots in very real circumstances that its rational to be anxious or worried over, so I'm doing as much self-care and self-kindness in response to that as I can while I try to resolve the issues. Hopefully by next week I'll be feeling a lot better and less oppressed.

But still, I dont really feel like myself. I feel like I'm having a bit of an identity crisis. I think this sort of makes sense, especially for someone who's smoked a pack a day for ten years, as smoking was so integrated into my life and sense of identity that it's hard to figure out who I am without it. But it's still kinda freaking me out, because I liked who I was. I dont want to start smoking again for this reason, especially when I have zero desire to do so otherwise, but I'm wondering if anyone else has experienced this, and what they recommend for it. Maybe I'm feeling especially uncertain about who I am because of all the other upheaval in my life?

Tl;dr:

- Has anyone else had a sort of identity crisis when quitting?

- What do you do with all your new free time? 

- How do you take breaks from life and "just breathe" outside of the socially understood/somewhat accepted method of smoking?

- How do you feel about who you are as a person, get comfortable with the new, non-smoker you? Does it just take some time?

Thanks for reading!