Consecutive Day #5 (2 cigarettes in 2 weeks)

So! I am turning 20 soon, and and I'm a male in perfect shape physically. But I can hardly go up 10 stairs without having to catch my breath. I was smoking since I was 12; peer pressure. Before that I was so anti smoking I would hide and break my Mom's smokes when I was younger. 

I am a student on a current budget of $650 a month living in Toronto, the most expensive city in Canada. I pay $600 for rent and food. I can't even afford to pay my phone bill and get disconnected frequently. And It's $108 a month for travel to school.

I can't work due to pretty bad mental issues (More than I can count). So it's not exactly as if I can afford to be smoking anyway.

I felt, before the Semester starts and in a few weeks, when I'm at my least stressed it would be a perfect time to quit. (Plus my boyfriend quit, which helped), and the family who I was visiting for Christmas are currently 7 months smoke free.

That I was finally ready.

I watched the Nicorette First Week Challenge video, and it really made me inspired. I became very confident that I will quit for good. I started off on the 2mg gum, and was still smoking, less, but still smoking a pack in a few days. 

I only got a 30 pack because that's all I could afford;
and like I said I'm pretty broke; and my land lady saw I was almost out of gum (We aren't related, but have a close relationship) bought me a pack of 105 4MG gum as a early Christmas present (pretty expensive lol). 


That was it, I was finally going to quit. At that point I became super confident. 

I was still having urges, and the occasional slip up; especially during times of emotional distress.


But I couldn't go without my morning cigarette still, it was so bad even if I needed to pee I would go for a smoke first.


So I did some research and decided on a combination therapy; the 21MG 24hr patch, and 4mg gum that I still have; spoke to my pharmacist and he agreed.

So I'm on week 2 of the patches, and boy! I feel so much better. I no longer need that first cigarette. The patch has it's side effects, I get up at 5am every morning now (Used to be 7/8) and have really vivid nightmares that wake me up screaming (Like killing my family, and a really stupid one that my old family disowned me because I changed their thermostat by 1.5 degrees).  


But other than that I am doing awesome! I have inspirational posters, my landlord and friends and family are supporting it, and most of all, motivated, confident, and ready to finally do it.


