Eleven months! How I stopped smoking.

Like many here I found Carr's Easyway and was jazzed by it.  I read the book twice, then quit smoking... for eight days.  I was working on a side business in addition to a full time job and I let myself use that as an excuse to start up again.  What had me worried the most is that Carr's miracle apparently didn't work on me.  I smoked for another year before deciding to give it another go.

Last year I read the book again, listened to the audio book twice, and watched the DVD a couple times as well.  Each time I quit smoking for a few hours to a few days, then started up again.  I understood the logic, but it just wan't clicking.  I started getting really down because I believed that if Carr's method didn't work on me, nothing would!  I was doomed!

Now for a bit of backstory:  A few years prior to this I ended a three year marriage to an absolutely horrible woman.  Our relationship started great, but turned south quick.  She was manipulative and abusive.  She kept me away from my friends, in fact, I didn't want her around my friends because she was embarrassing.  She lost her job and lived off me for several years, costing me a lot of money.  But all the while I fooled myself into believing that I was "in love" and could make it work.  One day I had finally had enough and left.

The freedom was incredible.  Almost instantly after leaving her I felt like a completely new person.  I could do what I wanted when I wanted, didn't have to worry about her making me feel shitty, could spend more time with my friends, had money to spend again, etc.  It was a glorious relief.  Every once in a while I would remember some good times we had, but I would remind myself that she was awful to me.  Every once in a while she would call me and try to get back together, but I ignored the calls and texts and eventually they stopped.

I was finally able to quit smoking when I realized that my "relationship" with cigarettes mirrored my relationship with my ex.  They did nothing good for me, cost me a ton of money, hurt me physically, and I was embarrassed to be seen with them.  It finally clicked.  I "broke up" with cigarettes and experienced the same feeling of freedom and relief.  Every once in a while I would remember some good time I had whilst smoking, but then remember that smoking overall was awful for me.  Every once in a while I'd get a pang and just imagined it was a phone call from cigarettes, asking to get back together.  I ignored the calls, and eventually they stopped.  :)

"Change the way you look at things and the things you look at change.”  - Wayne Dyer

The moral of the story is this:  the way that we quit smoking can be different for everyone.  Just because some method doesn't work for you doesn't mean you're doomed.  Don't give up!  You've only failed if you stop trying to succeed.

tl;dr: cigarettes are like an abusive relationship.
