Discovering why I kept starting after quitting: self-medication with cigarettes

Hey Guys!  
So I have been smoke free for the last 2 years, after smoking on and off for 17 years. A lot has happened since then, and I believe I have discovered one of the reasons why I kept on starting again so many times, and I would like to share in case anyone else may be in the same boat.  
I always remember feeling off after I quit, like something was not quite right. It wasn't a feeling that went away when I was a smoker, but it was definitely way less noticeable. After I would quit I remember feeling like all of the motivation in my body was gone. Like I just stopped *caring about everything I enjoyed*. But I blamed it on depression and moved along. I would also forget things more, and my mind would blank while thinking or during conversations, but once again I blamed it on the depression from quitting smoking and carried on. Personality wise I felt like a shell of myself. My productivity at work dropped, it was hard to get out of bed *every morning*, and I would just feel plain stupid. So, after a couple of months I would start smoking again and everything would improve again.   
Last time I quit it really stuck. However, about a year and a half in I was still experiencing all of the same issues... but I knew I wasn't depressed, so it had to be something else. I ended up doing some research until I found the symptoms of ADHD and everything just clicked. That weird feeling I had for years had a name.  
I took a mini step back in my life and looked at a couple other things, specially the way I had used stimulates in the past (I would stack caffeine and ephedrine just so I could deal with work) and realized, in addition to the drugs, I had been self-medicating my ADHD with cigarettes for years. Since then I have been working with my doctor to properly treat myself and have had much success.  
While I know this might not help... anyone really. But I figured I should post the story I wish I would have read 10 years ago. Sometimes a feeling is just a feeling, and sometimes it's more then that.