New here but already inspired by support

I smoked off and on (mostly on) for about 21 years but finally quit over two months ago.  My wife had been opposed to it for as long as we've been together (20 years) so I hid the smoking from her. It finally came out, there was quite a bit of fighting and hurt feelings, and we were lucky enough to come out of that with a renewed sense that we'll be stronger together moving forward.  Rather than letting it be an impetus for separating, she has become my biggest support in helping me quit.  I have a 17 year old daughter and a 4.5 year old son as well.  Although obviously I wish I hadn't already smoked anyway, I was ultimately glad that it all came out and there doesn't need to be any more hiding it or dishonesty anymore.  It was eating away at me but the smoking was so hard to quit...not that I have to convince any of you about that.  I work in a casino where smoking among guests and employees is very common. My office is in a generally non-smoking area of the building but there is no shortage of second-hand smoke and temptation around me.  So I found this reddit sub and spent the better part of today pouring over it and reading the conversations.  I'm impressed with how supportive everyone is here and I hope to be a part of that.  Sorry for such a long introduction to myself and my situation!
So I'm finding that my biggest cravings happen right when I get to work after drinking a cup of coffee during the commute and immediately after lunch when I'm full.  I've begun mixing up my routine during these times by mixing up my route back to my office to avoid the places I used to smoke (I even hid the smoking from most people I work with) and getting a glass of water instead of more coffee throughout the day.  Coffee is my biggest trigger but, oddly enough, I can drink coffee at home on the weekends without a huge craving for cigarettes like at work.
Here's a question for everyone...my doctor prescribed a 90-day supply of Wellbutrin...does anyone else use that and can you tell me how it works for you?  I've been finding that I still get cravings from my usual triggers (coffee, routine, times of day, etc...) but when I keep myself busy in my office I can spend a few hours without cigarettes even popping into my head.  
So thank you if made it this far into this message. I hope to keep learning from all of you!