Quitting today - would love some encouragement

Hey there.

I'm 26, and I've been smoking a pack or more a day for over 10 years. 

I am quitting today because I want to quit... but mostly out of necessity. I have maybe 40 bones to my name and I know I can spread that to a week or two worth of food while I figure out another means of getting money to feed myself and worry about next months rent. $40 wouldn't even buy me 4 days worth of smokes. I should've quit two weeks ago. No..I should've never started.

I stopped smoking last year and I felt great. After some time I found I was very anti social. I didn't hang out with friends because they all smoked. I didn't drink because I knew I would crave smokes. I spent a lot of my time keeping myself busy. Got very into graphic design and landscape photography and went on a lot of hikes by myself to keep occupied.

Then summer time came around. A time where my friends and I would go camping, drink beers, do drugs and smoke a LOT of cigarettes. I hold these camping trips to such a high degree because we go a lot throughout the summer, and we always have an incredible time. It's therapeutic to just let loose in the forrest for a weekend. I couldn't imagine myself having fun without cigarettes for some reason, So I started smoking again in preparation for the camping season. I literally went out, bought a pack, and a case of beer, went to my friends house and got drunk and smoked cigarettes. I was so relieved that I didn't even feel guilty about smoking again. I was just happy to be off of the high wire. Looking back, I don't think I really even felt proud of myself when I did quit. 
I made it about 4 months. It was easy until it got hard.

This time around though, I'm not in a great place. I'm dealing with a lot of anxiety and depression. I'm further away from hometown cause I'm in the city, in a graphic design program. I don't have access to a car for long drives or hikes. I have a bus pass and a roof over my head, and my camera to keep me occupied(which I'm all grateful for). I can only imagine how hard it's going to get when times get rough.

Really could use some words of encouragement to look back on when I need a pat on the back. Or maybe even someone to relate to.
Thanks.
