Officially over a month no nicotine and things that have helped me on the way.

 After finishing my last cig from the pack, I went to bed at around 2AM or so knowing I planned on quitting the next day. I personally find it better to quit when the only way to get cigs are from the gas station and you don't have extras laying around ( I know I would of relapsed a few times if I had some).

 I had nothing planned for the next few days so it was perfect. I slept for as long as I could to avoid cravings, (probably around 14 hours) I spent most of day 1 eating peanut M&amp;Ms or taking long showers when I felt those intense cravings. Day 1-3 are unbearable, but made it through with eating until my stomach literally hurt, showering a lot and cutting my night short with sleeping pills. I would also spend a lot of time googling things like "quit smoking timeline" and read different benefits of quitting, and "when cravings would stop". 

I would tell myself that if I can last a week, I could quit for good. Baby steps.... I was not thinking about the month, more or less I just did everything in my power to make it to a week. Once I hit one week, things were a lot better, but I still was getting really bad cravings, not as bad as the first 4 days though, but if you can make it through the first week, the second week is a cake-walk in compassion.

 I started exercising around 10 days in and running about a mile or so a day. Working out or running really does relieve stress and I don't care how big you are or how out of shape you are, do something to push yourself and you will feel BETTER ( maybe not during the run or lifting, but afterwards). This helps because setting goals exercise-wise will sway you further from smoking because you know smoking will take you further from those goals, or that's how I think about it anyway.

Around day 19ish I noticed I wasn't even thinking about cigs when first getting into my car, or after a big meal etc, although certain things brought cravings. On my way to work in the mornings, I would always buy a 5 hour energy extra strength with my pack of cigs, and after my quit I hardly ever went inside gas stations, but one day I was really tired and bought a 5 hour energy and BAM instead of waking me up, it just made me think about cigs for around 5 hours. These unexpected cravings will show up and you need to be ready for them and not give in. I read on this Reddit about someone that quit smoking for over 2 years and flew for the first time since he quit. After the plane landed and he got his luggage he had a strange urge for the first time in a very long time to smoke, because that is what he always used to do after getting out of the airport. Things like this will happen so just be ready is my advice.

Things are so much better for me now on day 32. I work an 8 hour shift without thinking about how I can sneak away for that cig, you don't feel that social stigma associated with being a smoker. I would always say I don't care what people thought of me when I did smoke, but there were times where I was on a first date or was around an attractive girl, job interview etc. and wanted to hide that I smoked, that issue is now gone. When I do get that occasional craving, it really is not that hard to deal with. I feel better mentally and can say I really am enjoying life more than before. If you are on the first week of quitting, or thinking about starting that quit, but worried that it is TOO HARD to quit forever, don't think of it like that. Think about just quitting for a week, make a week your goal and work from there. It gets easier, TRUST ME.

Also you need to quit for you. because it is so FUCKING hard to quit you will be expecting friends or family to be overly proud of you and extremely supportive, which may happen, but most of my friends and family had an attitude like " It's about time" and would never understand what you and I had to go through. Honestly don't worry about them and remember that you are doing this for yourself.

I will never be that non-smoker to tell people that they need to quit. That shit is so annoying for a smoker to hear all day. I know that if they do quit it needs to be because they want to do it for themselves. Most smokers really do want to quit and if they notice you quit successfully and how happy you are now, that will be enough motivation to where you do not need to say much. Lead by example

My journey is not even close to over, but these are my feelings after one month. I believe in you guys!
Good luck everyone! 

“Giving up smoking is the easiest thing in the world. I know because I've done it thousands of times.” - Mark Twain