It's been a long couple of days.

I quit Saturday morning, after having my last cigarette at about 10am. Had prepped for that day for a couple of weeks, had some nicotine lozenges and patches to keep me going. I'd gotten them through my GP, as part of the quit smoking clinic. The idea was that I would wear a patch every day, and top up with lozenges if I needed them. 

Since then I had 4 lozenges on Saturday, and then just ended up going cold turkey. I expected the physical side to quitting to be a lot more worse than it actually is. For me, the worst has been mental/emotional. 

Yesterday was the hardest day I've had for a while. I broke down around lunch time, because I didn't feel like I could relax without having a cigarette. I went to the gym instead. Then I cried over half a pack of cigarettes I still had last night. I intended to bin them, but I couldn't bring myself to do it. My partner took them off of me, no idea what he's done with them, and I don't want to think about it. 

Then this morning, I was dreading going to work. I was irritated, how was I going to get through this day without my 4/5 cigarette breaks? Well, that was 7 hours ago, and I get to leave work in an hour. Yes, things have been more irritating than usual, I've not been as focused as I usually am (brain fog, I think). But today has flown by. It doesn't feel like my day has been broken up into little segments. I can smell the smoke from my co-worker when he's come back from his smoke break. I don't actually like the smell of smoke. 

It's been a long couple of days. But I've been told I don't smell so much of smoke, that my flat and my car doesn't smell so much of smoke. I feel like I can breathe a bit easier. I slept so well last night. 

Do I miss smoking? If I was asked that yesterday, I would've said yes and cried. Today, not so much. And tomorrow, I'll miss it even less. And then before I know it, I won't miss it at all. It's going to be a long journey, but I am adamant that I win this fight against the smoking cravings. 