Four Weeks Tomorrow

Hey everybody,

So I just sent a message to have my badge adjusted. I've been smoke free for four weeks as of tomorrow at 9 am when I smoked my last cigarette. I had actually quit for almost four years but then I finished my masters degree and had some serious steam to blow off. I thought that I could be one of those guys that could only smoke when he drank. That wasn't the case. I started smoking at 12 and was up to a pack a day by 16. I smoked like that until I was 26 when I quit for four years. When I was 25 my dad died from lung cancer related to being a two pack a day smoker. I tried to quit again this past May after a breakup but the stress from that made me cave. Ironically she was in 12 step for alcohol. This time things are going a lot better. I don't have any really solid advice or silver bullets but here's something stuff I figured out for myself:

Wait until the time is right but be realistic. All of your problems aren't going to go away. Sometimes you have to make the time right. But if you're going through a divorce, someone you're close to has died, or your stress is generally high I'd recommend waiting until things subside before trying.

Don't rush it. That's only going to feed the stress.

I am currently using nicotine gum and trying to step down from that.  I use the 4 mg fruit chill flavor. I was doing 2 mg but all it did was piss me off, haha. I think the 4mg is keeping the depression spikes at bay as well. I still get irritable but I think I haven't been nearly as bad to be around as last time. I've seen great arguments on both sides for and against nicotine replacement therapy.I don't really care what you use, cold turkey or otherwise, I just hope you're not smoking. Or vaping.

One thing that really inspired my to try again other than wanting to quit was that my barber is in recovery for opioid dependence. He uses suboxone. It finally clicked with me that if he can do that I can knuckle up and take on quitting smoking.

If your friends smoke or drink heavily and can't understand why you're not coming around, try explaining it to them, and if they still take it personally try taking some time off from being around them. Alcohol has been a huge trigger for me to smoke and most of my friends have been cool about it. The ones that haven't...well...we don't necessarily have to be friends. If it's their feelings or my health then I'm taking care of myself.

The addiction we have is different than a lot of addictions. We can stay functional with minimal effort. The fact that we're all doing this and sticking to it despite not having our entire world cave in on us is pretty rad. I'm proud of everyone here.

That's my spiel. I really enjoy this subreddit and the success stories really help me.