One Year

It's officially been a year since I quit smoking. I don't actually know the exact date, but I know it was near the end of November last year. So I'm here to share some thoughts.

I smoked on-and-off for about ten years, from my early 20s to my early 30s. Previous attempts at quitting were usually driven by the women I was dating, and inevitably I would pick up the habit upon the breakup.

Last year I was feeling optimistic about my life. My partner wanted me to quit, but I made the decision to quit not because of her, but because I wanted to see myself grow old. I wanted to be a role model, and I started to imagine myself with kiddies and grandkiddies running around. I've struggled with suicidal thoughts ever since I was about 13. They come and go, but they're always there lurking around a corner. Smoking was a way to appease my lust for self destruction.

My grandmother never smoked a day in her life. She died of lung cancer in 2017. It was very difficult to watch her decline, as you can imagine. I hid my smoking from family and coworkers, but I'm sure they knew. I was disgusted with myself, smoking tobacco while knowing my grandma was near death laying in bed in agony in hospice care.

I used a vape for about 4 months after quitting. It helped me on those nights of drinking when I would typically chain smoke all night, and it helped adapt to the change in habit. Hit the vape before work and after work. But before long I really became disgusted with the vape. The smell is nauseating, and the action is really pointless. Just like smoking.

So I quit vaping and started to focus heavily on self-improvement. Started jogging and lifting weights. I actually confronted my alcoholism. I felt healthy. Probably for the first time in my life. I felt optimistic.

Well, my partner broke up with me in September. I don't blame her. I was struggling to get my head above water while she was flying free and living her happy life. Dating someone with poor self esteem and wavering mental health is draining, and I only brought her down. I'm really proud of her for putting herself first, even though I've been going through a very dark period as a result. I don't feel optimistic anymore. I don't know if I'll ever be able to get out of this mental prison that I've built for myself.

I don't know if I'll ever feel optimistic again. I have been drinking every day and struggling to find meaning in my life. I have a good job, but I don't really have friends, and my family hasn't really been talking to me since I told them about the breakup. I think they were optimistic for me, but that's gone now. They're coming to terms with the idea that they'll never be grandparents.

Anyway, it's been a year since I quit smoking, and as rough as things are right now, I'm not going to start again. Good luck everyone.
