Nicotene gum

Okay so Friday the 14th was the last time I smoked. Yesterday (Saturday) I was talking with my wife about it. We've got problems and two of the big ones are that I smoke and watch porn. So I'm working on them (that's why I'm here right?!) well to my wife's credit she its very tolerant of the whole deal, realizing she can't control me the same way I can't control her.

Anyway. It occurs to me that one strategy i've never tried was using Nicotine gum. So we're out shopping with our kids and they're being crazy as hell as usual. Last stop, I grab some nicotine gum. I'm surprised at how expensive it is - $40 for a box. But I later realized that it has 220 pieces in it and if it helps save you from smoking, it pays for itself many times over.

So i get home and i try a piece, having not smoked for about 18 hours at that point, and it hits me hard, and I feel _great_. All the nice effects of smoking without any of the smell or shame. 

The box says to chew nine pieces a day starting out but that seems like a lot, I'm kind of going for 'as needed'. In the afternoon I have another piece while I'm reading a book during the kids' naptime. It takes the edge off and i feel normal. This is awesome, quitting is going to be much easier with this stuff.

Once the kids wake up, we're heading out to an apple orchard and i chew a third piece for the day on the way out, and i start to feel kind of nauseous and dizzy, idk why. I chalk it up to the fact that I didn't eat much of a lunch and I'm getting hungry. But the dizzyness doesn't go away after eating, and it occurs to me to read the box.

I bought the nicotine gum that has 4mg per piece (as opposed to 2mg per piece). I didn't read the box at the time but it says that the 4mg gum is for smokers who smoke within 30mins of waking up in the morning. That's not me, I didn't smoke until I had gotten both the kids off to school and I'm on my way to the office for work.

After some further reading on the back of the box I learn that I'm experiencing a Nicotine Overdose. Dizzyness, nausea, fatigue. How embarassing.

Anyway I slept it off, thanks to my wife handling getting the kids to bed, and I'm feeling mostly better today but not 100% still.

**tldr:** gave myself a nicotine overdose while trying to give up smoking. Read the box when you buy things from the pharmacy.

Also, motherfucker, I spelled Nicotine wrong in the title.