Back 2 work, Big personal milestone today

Im the same as alot of you guys. Ive tried to quit countless times to some avail and about a month ago I decided to try again, but this time with some actual strategy. Here is my story. 

I had been a smoker for about ten years, smoking anywhere between 10-20 a day. When i was single i could smoke anywhere and anytime, nothing was "in my way" basically. But three years ago i met a girl and we've been going strong ever since. Shes the type of person who'd never buy me a pack but she wouldnt stop me from smoking either. 

I soon understood that she basically decided to accept that i smelt horrible anytime i went out and came back and it made me feel guilty. So bit by bit i started avoiding smoking whenever i was around her and it prob took me a year or two, but it actually worked. I eventually only smoked whenever i was at work or when she simply wasnt around.

So my strategy this time was basically to do it on my vacation, and I know it sounds dumb but it wasnt. I decided to completely avoid a summer vacation and took out my four weeks in september. The first week we went on a weekend trip to scottland (we're from sweden btw) and my last smoke was at the airport right before the flight. 

We toured a lot there. Walked the royal mile, climbed arthurs seat, went to some cute Island and I rarely thought about smoking (although there were a crazy amount of vapers in edinbourgh). So the first four days kinda flew by. We then came back home and I had just about three weeks ahead of me. My weakest moment was at the two week mark. That was brutal. My SO was away for the weekend so i was at home, keeping myself occupied with videogames and playing a lot with our two cats. The issue however was that these kinds of weekends, with so much alone time, always involved cigarettes. So the cravings were super strong and that's when i posted here for the first time, trying to find some support from fellow smokers. It got me out of buying a pack at three occasions that very night. So i was extremly grateful to this sub that night. 

Work is by far the absolute worst place for my addiction. I got several smoking co workers who would feel better about themselves if i kept my habit alongside them and work became a place for me to smoke since i barely had the opportunity to smoke at home. 

Today was d-day. Day 28 on my app and the 1st day back at work. I cant say it was easy, but i pulled through! Im crazy proud and excited about this. Today was the day i had been dreading for four weeks. I went to work terrified of failure and I got through the day. 

This sub is fantastic for someone like me who really needs to vent about this. It really made this quit easier. 

My challenge now is to understand that im still not in the clear. To not fall for the "one wont hurt smoke". I will makes this my last quit, because at this point i have simply invested too much of my lifespan in to Marlborough. 

Stay strong people! 