Seeking aid and affirmations desperately

Here's a little background, I'm 27, been smoking since 17 years old. I have never been a heavy smoker. Except the days I have alcohol, I almost never smoked a full package a day. I enjoyed smoking. Really I hate the taste at first but mostly enjoyed until only 2 years ago.

2 years ago it occured to me that I hate this addiction and realized how I made myself believe so hard that I had enjoyed it.

So, out of the blue 14 days ago, I quit smoking cold turkey for good. I quit several times and relapsed after. I think I have the worst kind of addiction because I really can go a week even 10 days without smoking and don't crave, this made me believe that I could quit anytime I want, but soon as I have the opportunity to smoke I take that.

This time however is a different story. This time I knew it was my last cigarette when I'm smoking it because I cannot stand with the idea that I'm a drug addict, with the fact that I live for the next chance to smoke, before work, after work, after shower, after dinner, when I'm drinking and on and on. We also lost a good family friend to lung cancer recently, which was enough to scare the shit out of me while I'm grieving at the same time.

I've never been a short tempered or an anxious person. But since I quit smoking my anxiety hit the roof. I'm having a hard time sleeping at night. It is like inception, I constantly find myself making me believe that I've done enough damage and will get caught to cancer (of any type). Especially with the things going on with my bowels.

For the first time in my life I got constipated, weird colored poop coming out, having a diarrhea now and then and internet is not helping either because according to symptoms I must have either pancreatic, bowel or liver cancer. I went to doctor and he did a quick examination which led him to believe that the problem is because quitting smoking.

It seems like I'm going to live with these thoughts every day and every night and this stresses me a lot.

I don't have heavy physical cravings or withdrawal symptoms but psychological effects ruining me right now.

I seek aid and affirmations from fellow redditors. Have you experienced any kind of situation like this? If so how did you deal with them. Any advice on how make my digestive system to get on track would be much appreciated.