4 weeks in - a perspective so far.

Just wanted to thank the stopsmoking forum / community. After lurking here for a while, things clicked, and for the first time in a long time, I realized some people actually *do* get out of nicotine addiction. Just reading things here was what helped me see there was nothing stopping me but me. So I thought I'd share my journey so far.  
  
-  
  
(Depending on your intake:) 1st couple of days are hell, anyone who say's otherwise is trying to go easy on you. Regardless of distractions, you'll feel like you're mourning a loved one, or have lost a limb. Just push through. And keep reminding yourself you aint' really missing sh*t!  
  
A few days later I didn't feel like a character from Trainspotting anymore, but the cravings were pulling me into dreamland once every hour or so. I would 'ride-out' these cravings by fully indulging them: think about smoking, about going to buy cigarettes, about how good it would feel to roll up, fill my lungs etc. Really make sure not to suppress the urge, instead let it burn itself out. And it will - usually within 1-5 minutes. In terms of time taken, and stress relief, I found doing this is remarkably similar to actually having a smoke.  
  
I have relished not waking up with a wheeze, and reconnected with my long-lost cardiovascular system. As well as having gained surplus energy, my teeth and nails appear to be 'un-yellowing', and my skin has cleared up somewhat. I've started to pity the 1st-thing-in-the-morning smokers I see as I walk to work, when I used to stare at the cigarettes in their hands with envy...  
  
Had a momentary lapse last week; a few tokes on a friends joint (neat cannabis, no tobacco) and while it was nice breathing smoke again, honestly feel indifferent about it - so I'm not worried that will become a crutch. I was stupid for having this habit in the first place, so I don't know if I'd equate the change to 'empowerment' - but I genuinely feel like I can do anything at the moment. Next addiction to kick: my addiction to being right :D  
  
-  
  
So good luck, and thanks, to all you contributors.  
*edit:* formatting
