21y, started when I was 13, the time has come...

While I was in middleschool I hang out with the "problematic" guys. They were all smoking really hard even when they were 10 and 11 years old. I kept my cool about the new trend but like a hit to the head I just asked one of them "Give me a cigg for the 5 minute break". I remember the shocked expression of his face, that turned into mentoric amusement because hey, sharing an addiction is to the addict what playing a jam to the musican is, giving each other feedback in a likemineded manner, makes us feel invited, like we belong there. In this case, we sat each break on these famous steps above school and smoked. I was an idiot for starting but little did I know about my addictive personality when I was that young. As the years went buy, we often socialize thru smoking, "Wanna come out to have a cig?", got girls because of it, got friends, got to caffees and drinked coffee, I mean come on, 13 year old. Really? I was always the guy that smokes the most, it was cool to my mates, I was the one to smoke them all, you know, dumb refrence. Anyway, now I'm in college, really trying to see everything from a diffrent perspective, and I'm horrofied to understand the true nature of the nicotine addiction. Why is it so hard? Beacuse its everywhere I go. I go to places and hang out with people to have a smoke, I smoke while learing, I even god damn smoked while taking a shit. Oh, and did I mention, the other day I smoked 100 cigs... yeah... I once tried for 4 days with just a few every day and felt AMAZING. My brain worked better, I was so calm, I was a zen master budist monk that figured it all out. But then the triggers come for me. Its my morging routine, its my satisfaction after lunch, It's my confort. I have a chance to quit, I just need to start allready, pick my balls up where I left them all those years ago and just quit. Any advice, whats you day, how do you feel. I will start tomorrow and and a really hardcore smoker so if anyone is intrested I can give feedback on how I feel and what helps me and everything. Lets fucking do this <3