My mom is actively killing herself by smoking. What can I, her son, do?

First off, sorry for the wall of text. This was meant to be a quick post but once I started writing I couldn't stop. I needed the vent.

My mom just won't stop and it's the most frustrating thing I've ever experienced. She just recently fully recovered from having a liver abscess burst, almost killing her. By all acounts this should have killed her. She was in septic shock, hallucinating, and was at MAJOR risk for pneumonia. 

Do I blame smoking on her getting the abscess? No. But after seeing how close she got to death I can't help but think, "If she was healthier and didn't smoke it would not have been as bad." Smoking did her body no favors and she knows that. Plus, listening to her lungs full of fluid just about sent me over the edge. Since she was hallucinating, I had to stay with her 24/7 to make sure that she didn't take her oxygen off; I was fighting her to give her what her body needs to live. 

She spent 6 days in ICU and then 1 month in a normal room.

She had major surgery and months of rehab. All in all she went a whole 6 months without smoking! My sister and I were ecstatic!! We lost my father 4 years ago to cancer (unrelated to smoking) so the idea of holding on to my mother for just a little while longer was better than christmas. It gave us both hope. 

Then she started smoking again.

Out of my sister and I, I am the more gentle person, I try to hear out whatever you have to say and will work with you. My sister is more blunt; she can seem like a wrecking ball of hard truths. But, we really do balance each other out. 

When I first caught her smoking (she was hiding it at first) I sat her down and just started a conversation. "What's going on, mom? I thought we were all done with the smoking." And she opened up and told me that she knew this was wrong but "This cigarette is like a little treat for recovering and getting healthier." I quickly shot her a quizical look and she said that she knows it doesn't make sense. We spoke some more and she threw away the pack in front of me. 

Weeks later, I find out from my sister that she's still smoking; much more frequently and in the house. We sat her down and had an impromptu intervention. 

We told her how we couldn't watch her kill herself anymore. 

How close she was to dying (she was completely out of it most of the time).

That she made so much progress, why would you throw that away?

Her mom is on permanent oxygen from smoking all her life.

Her sister, not weeks before, had LUNG CANCER! She caught it in time. 

She said that she would try her best. She kept buying cigarettes. She's smoking more and more in front of my sister and I. Any attempts to talk about it are immediately shot down and percieved as "disrespecting her". She recently started coughing again; nasty, deep, productive coughs. The kind she would have all the time before she got sick. 

How is buying more cigarettes and smoking "trying her best"? Help me make sense of that. 

I'm not ready to quit on her; I won't. But I don't know what to do. How do you influence someone to want to quit? How do you not get hurt everytime you see her smoke after telling her exactly how it makes us feel to see it? 

Help me r/stopsmoking. 

Tl;dr, mother almost died to smoking, is now smoking again whilst knowing that it's killing her.