Chantix and how I feel about it.

I have tried to quit cold turkey over 20+ times in my 15 years of smoking. I rarely made it passed the 8th or 9th day. For most of you I don't need to stress how bad the withdrawal was, but I not only failed, I also felt like a failure. As I smoked, I hated those things that were killing me. I want to keep my badge! I decided to try CHANTIX® (varenicline) and WOW! What a huge difference. My cravings and interest in smoking dropped to about 1% of what they would be. About 20 days ago, I dropped to smoking about ½ to 2 ½ cigarettes a day. I mention ½’s because I would not smoke a whole cigarette during this time. I felt like “this is kind of boring, and I have other stuff to do then stand here and inhale poison.” 16 days ago, I stopped all together. I did use a tiny bit of effort and made the choice to stop completely but it was not like cold turkey. Even though my cravings and interest in smoking were greatly reduced, I would have short (3-5 minutes or less) of anger (sometimes flat-out rage!) for the first week and a half. This seemed to align with the previous attempts of cold turkey so I am unsure if Chantix influenced that or not. I did experience a little bit of my brain trying to encourage depression or hopelessness, but it was mild and I was able to relate it to chantix and/or nicotine deficiency. I ate a candy bar and watched Adventure Time and I was all good ;)

For anyone wanting to try Chantix:
Chantix comes in a 4-6 week pack. The first week is low dosage and this would be the time to see how it affects you. If early into week 2 (higher dosage) you or your family notice anything psychotic/suicidal/bad-in-general stop taking it!!! This advice goes for anytime on Chantix but I would speculate it would be around the 2nd week. My side-effects were non-existent to very mild, this may not be the case for you. On a positive note, I have read a lot of Chantix stories right here or r/stopsmoking and they were very positive. 

Chantix Vs Cold Turkey:
Which is better?  The one that works! I know everyone’s withdrawal symptoms are not the same. My brother can smoke on and off again (mainly when drinking) and said he has never had a withdrawal symptom. Cold turkey is the safest way because you don’t risk side-effects from foreign molecules in your brain, but the mental state I was in while trying cold turkey was more severe than on Chantix. I had to really put up a full force attack against nicotine when I was on cold turkey. I watched videos, read books, and tried to scare myself so that I could live for my family. All the scare tactics of seeing people in the hospital, the hatred I had for smoking, and the shame I felt using nicotine was sadly not enough for me to sustain my cold turkey methods. I even told myself that when I am dying of lung cancer, they will not let me smoke in the hospital, so I will face nicotine withdrawal as I die. Yet I still could not do it! And If I could, I sure as fuck wouldn’t want to. Congratulations to all that can, I’m going with the easy way out  :)

EDIT: If you do try Chantix, eat something shortly before or after the dose because it causes nausea. Also I heard it can cause sleep problems such as insomnia. I use Benedryl to sleep when I get restless so I wouldn't know, but my doctor also proscribed Ambien. I prefer Benadryl and you can buy it over the counter. 