Hello on Day 17

Hello fellow non-smokers. Just thinking about that old tobacco plant so I thought I'd do my first post on here after lurking a while. I am 30, started smoking in high school at age 17. I don't think anyone really imagines being a lifelong smoker, especially when you start. The only times that I can remember quitting for any significant length were a summer working in the National Forest and a month when I was home for the holidays in college and I only remember a few difficult craving periods. The downfall both times was that I don't think I really wanted to stop, so I tried that one cigarette and, like everyone else, was back into the smoking habit right then.when I started I told myself I'd definitely quit after 5 years, then it was 10, then when I hit 30. On my 30th birthday I partied, smoked, woke up the next day, smoked some more. Although I have wanted to quit smoking for years now, the addiction and the mind will prolong quitting as long as possible. I had tried to "quit" with e-cigs for a while, but would end up just going back to smoking when it broke/ran out of juice or whatever...because I was still in the nicotine loop. Even though I was sick of everything about it, I continued to buy smokes. This past summer I read Alan Carr's book and I feel like it finally gave me the psychological tools and push I needed to just smoke my last cig and be done, cold turkey. I was hesitant to commit to it the first few miserable days, but this forum has really helped to keep my resolve and push through it. After getting through the worst of it, I feel like this will be the last time I ever have to quit. I understand the addiction better and know personally I can never be one of those people that has a few puffs at a party or whatever. I am already feeling more energized, healthier when I exercise, started clearing out my lungs of foul shit. Looking forward to getting a month, year and lifetime of not smoking tobacco. After not smoking just this short period of time it already seems ridiculous how much time I spent obsessing about tobacco and damaging my health for it. Just want to offer my encouragement to those just starting out and say thanks for the help!