Never question the decision..

4 days away from 4 months cold turkey today. Longest since being a nonsmoker around the age of 15, I'll be 38 next month. I'm grateful. It's hard. The nicotine monster is still very much there, especially around every regular life event: waking up. drinking coffee. lounging. commuting. eating. talking. but it's not mega harsh, it's infrequent and dull. Only excitable and the boring things really cause the more intense cravings. .. but I have faith it will greatly subside around 6 to 9 months like when I quit drinking alcohol a little over a year ago. Can't decide which has been harder to quit, but fairly certain my KOOL Milds, despite my stockholm syndrome desire to go through life as a drunk up until recently. Like with stopping drinking of which I did for about as long as smoking, the last 5 years being the worst of it (which subsequently made me smoke more), I avoid romantacizing and I avoid staring at packaging or people smoking for now. I do sometimes inhale deeply around smokers I walk by for some offbrand placebo and its actually a bit of a turnoff thankfully. 
I got here thanks to Allen Carr's Easy Way book to conclude my smoking career, as he was the inspiration behind This Naked Mind by Annie Grace for combating my addiction to alcohol. 
I do ingest and advocate cannabis for multiple reasons, that's not gonna change anytime soon. I tend to vape and take edibles, but I secretly look forward to smoking flowers more now for those delicious burning carcinogens. lol. It has helped me greatly as I've quit the other two most toxic things in my life. I'm about to start a 15 credit semester at college in a few weeks till May, so I'll be nice and busy and creating new habits and shit to miss my cigs anymore. Also if I can quit one of the hardest addictions on the planet, surely college algebra will be exponentially easier at this point. ha. 
I kinda feel right on time in my life. I quit "fear" more than anything and that makes me feel strong. Anyway, just wanted to come here and be happy I'm a nonsmoker today, but also bitch about how fucking hard it is to quit this narcotic. Solidarity with all. Thanks. 