Three days in, some notes from a habitual quitter

Hi everyone, I've just finished three days without nicotine, and it's probably the twentieth time I've quit. So now that I'm an expert (smirk), I thought I'd share my observations on withdrawal and the attempt to stay clean. 

 Timeline

For me, the worst part of withdrawal occurs during the second day, somewhere between the 24 and 48 hour marks. The worst symptom of the withdrawal, for me, is being scatterbrained, which is why I chose to do my quit, this time, with the first day on a work day before a long weekend, rather than spend unproductive time at work. I do sometimes have moments of despair, but these tend to be passing. 

The best time of day to quit is just before bed: I have found this much easier than quitting after already having smoked that day. Physical symptoms include pain in the throat and ears and resemble the common cold. 

 Method

Cold-turkey seems to work best to me, but ones psychological state of mind is of utmost importance. You need to really want to quit before quitting. Allen Carr's book really helps you see nicotine addiction for what it is: I remind myself that the uncomfortable symptoms of withdrawal are caused by exposure to nicotine. 

I have tried all sorts of forms of NRT as well as vaping. All of these make withdrawal less unpleasant but make it last longer, or even forever, and cost money. Part of the greatness of quitting is freedom from addiction, which provides you with a greater sense of autonomy. 

Remember that even during withdrawal, you feel better on some level. Remind yourself that your symptoms are caused by a poison leaving the body.

Before quitting, practice visualizing what you will do when a craving hits at a bad moment. See yourself deciding against bumming a smoke or buying a pack, because your craving is your body trying to trick you into thinking you need a poison. 

 Don't avoid trigger situations

I think this one is going to be my most controversial point. If you quit without going on vacation, don't avoid social situations which may cause you to light up. Also, if you drink, continue to consume small amounts of alcohol. The idea is that you want to dissociate smoking from these activities ASAP. 

I had a beer right around the 48 hour mark, when my withdrawal was at its intensest, and I feel that this actually helped me get through it. Of course, if you get drunk you will likely lose all inhibitions and start again. 

 The long run

Here's where I haven't been as successful as I would like to be. I fell back off the wagon again, recently, after about two years nicotine free. A week later, I was back to a pack--day habit. All I can hope is that, with each failed quit, I remember the process a little bit better, until I'm finally quite sure I never want to smoke again. It also helps that there are fewer and fewer smokers around me each year. 

***

Here's wishing everybody success on the road to a healthier, more autonomous lifestyle!

Edit: ah, I almost forgot to mention caffeine. This substance has foiled a couple quit attempts of mine. I would strongly recommend drinking no more than half your usual dosage of caffeine, because if you drink your normal amount, you will get nervous and may relapse!