My Story - hopefully to help others or inspire or whatever

So I never posted in here, but did lurk LOADS when I was first starting to quit. I figure it's my time to shine and post my story of how I did it. Granted my flair of 562 isn't 100% accurate as to when I last had a single cigarette, but it is accurate as to when I consider myself stopped smoking. 

I can't remember too well, but I think the last cigarette I ever actually had was sometime in 2013 on a night out and it was only one which before that was the same situation every few months. 

So now on to the juicy stuff! When I decided to quit I had no idea how I would do it. In the past I've tried cold turkey, Chantix and all with lots of fail so I decided to try something new. I would switch to chewing tobacco. I hated the stuff. I found it to be the most vile thing ever and for awhile it worked. For awhile... but then I started to like it and now instead of smoking I was chewing... not much better eh?

Eventually about 8 months after I started that I decided enough was enough and I need to stop this shit. So I had my last bit before bed and went to sleep. I did it this way so it wouldn't seem like a whole big event with something life changing. I found that didn't work before the whole "last one" moment. It just makes you think about it more. I figured doing nothing out of the norm and just going to bed would make it much simpler and it did.

I woke up the next day and went about my day as normal, but had the crippling moments of nicotine withdrawal. The thing about it was I had proven to myself in the past that I could get through nicotine withdrawal and I had proven to myself that I can kick cigarettes and replace it with something else so this stupid thing called tobacco doesn't have to have it's hold on me. 

I went through 2 torturous months of where my life turned into waking up, going to the gym, going to work, going home, taking sleeping pills and sleeping. This was all due to the fact that quitting sucked. It sucked real hard for me, but it got better.

There was a really weird ah-ha moment I had just a few weeks ago oddly enough where someone asked if they could bum a smoke and I told them that I didn't smoke. It was odd but liberating. I don't think about doing it anymore nor can I stand it. We have friends who come over who smoke and the house always smells awful after they were just here and inside. I am so against smoking now it's ridiculous whereas just under 2 years ago I was complaining about how hard it was sometimes to try and find somewhere to have a cigarette. 

On the other hand health wise I honestly don't notice anything different. Before I quit I was already a runner, a gym rat and in great shape so I guess the only real difference is I don't cough every morning which is great. 

I guess I didn't really plan this post out before writing it so I can't think of much else to say, except god damn just quit. It's a huge waste of money, time and life. I started when I was 13 and at my worst when I stopped was at 2 packs of day at 24.
