Quitting smoking was the hardest thing I have done in my life

Nothing I have done can compare to the difficulty of quitting smoking. I smoked and chewed tobacco. When I discovered tobacco it was instant love. I loved smoking marlboro lights and I loved chewing kodiak tobacco. I am a stimulant junkie. Love my caffeine, black coffee or coffee and milk. Nicotine was a marriage made in heaven for me.

Fast forward to today. I can't stand the smell of smoke. I have absolutely zero desire to smoke or chew again. It gives me a headache just thinking about it. I have negative desire to smoke again. I can guarantee I will never smoke or chew again and I will go to the grave this way as well.

I am on stopdrinking subreddit now. I came here not for myself but just for the small possibility that I might help one person just a little bit on their struggle to quit smoking/nicotine/tobacco. In fact, this is hard for me to talk about because I would rather not even think about the places I had to go to quit.

First let me tell you why I quit. I didn't quit because smoking was unhealthy. I didn't quit from any pressure of friends or family or work. I didn't quit because of the price of cigarettes and chewing tobacco. The ONLY and I mean it the ONLY reason why I quit is because I realized that tobacco was controlling me. That I couldn't control it. It was the master. I was the slave. I had to escape. I had to break my chains.

My failed attempts were in the dozens maybe even close to a hundred failures. I'd throw cigarettes away in the trash only to dig them out and smoke them. I'd crush a back of cigarettes and throw it away only to come back to the trash and find a smokeable cig. I would fill up a pack of cigarettes with water to destroy them all, only to hop in my car to the nearest 7eleven and buy another pack. Cigarettes and tobacco where EVERYWHERE! I couldn't get rid of them this way. I would just have to make up my mind not to smoke or chew. So I made up my mind (or so I thought) not to smoke. This didn't work either! I simply would...change my mind! I would even be like "okay I really am not going to smoke" only to have a 180 change of attitude and smoke. Deciding not to smoke was not enough. What else was there?

Sometimes out of necessity something that isn't there appears. Pressure and heat can make diamonds. I found or made my diamond. This is a very intangible thing to talk about. I hardly understand it myself. Let me try explain.

I don't believe in God and I don't believe in souls. But I do believe inside everyone of us, deep inside there is something pure and real about who we are. Its wrapped in many layers like you would wrap something very important to protect it from being damaged. Its wrapped in thousands of soft blankets and hard shells, layered in protections never to be touched. Its what makes us live. What makes us get up in the morning and go out in the world and do stuff. Its who we are. Not something you want to mess with. The protections are in place for a reason.

When people say dig deep inside yourself, they are talking about digging towards this place. I knew I had to dig deep. I dug through all those layers to the core of myself. And I knew I had to put it on the line. I came up with a binding vow. I vowed I would go an entire month without smoking or chewing or nicotine. Not a promise a binding vow bound to the very core of my being. A vow so strong that had I broken it I would not even know who I was. I would not even be the same person if I broke it. It would be a fate worse than death itself in my mind. I put it all on the line. Never had to go this deep before in my life. If I get married I will not make a vow this strong. 

So I white knuckled a month without smoking. The benefits of not smoking and chewing were very evident and pleasurable. But I was still addicted. Once the month was up I went back to smoking. Eventually I got pissed at myself and feed up with smoking that I made the same vow but for an entire year. I knew it was achievable since I had gone a month. I wasn't betting my soul on something I would lose. So I did an entire year. Was great. Felt great. Came to the end of the year. Started smoking again. Time passed and got feed up again with smoking so put in for another year vow. Same thing...back to smoking. Got tired of it and decided to go another year.

When the third year was up I remember realizing it while I was filling up my car with gas. Thinking hey I could go to that ministore at the gas station and get some smokes. I thought I little bit longer and thought that I didn't want to go down that same road again. I didn't need to suffer any more. So there I did it. I extended the soul binding vow to the rest of my life. And I will never use tobacco or nicotine again for the rest of my life.

I am not saying anyone should try this. Everyone has their own ways and this was mine. But I will say that if you really really want to quit I think you are going to have to dig deep down inside yourself to do it.

Now I live my life never having to think about tobacco. I am free and happy. I will never criticize anyone for smoking or being unable to quit. I never want to have to dig this deep for anything else. I have been working on stopdrinking and have used this vow I have but it has been a different kindof journey than stopsmoking. Smoking was more of a personal thing but I wonder if I had joined a support group if it would have been easier to quit. I find the support group for stopdrinking very helpful.

Good luck everybody and remember you have to really want it to stopsmoking. But once you do in time it will be one of the best things you can do for yourself.



































