I always knew the day would come that I felt it was time to quit. I didn't know that would be today.

I've been smoking for about 4 years, I'm 23. 

Recently I've had a horrible cough, and chest pain. Usually when I'm sick, I don't smoke. I noticed this around Saturday, when the cough rolled in. Monday it was so bad I decided to go see a doctor. 

I was sitting in the room, hooked up to a breathing machine after some chest X-Rays. This Machine is a big tube that has smoke in it, you inhale and breathe out. It's supposed to help you breathe better.  

As I sat there, I realized that the doctor could walk in this room and say "We're going to refer to Dr.____. He's an Oncologist". And that would be it, right there, that moment...life has changed forever. 

I realized thats a scary fuckin thought. I don't like it. The fear that could happen became so real. It sucked! I don't want that. I'm 23! I'm supposed to live to be 100, right? Maybe it's time. Maybe I should stop. Do I want to though? (I knew I would only quit when I *wanted* to quit, not just felt like I should.) Well, yeah, shit. I think I do. I've already got a 3 day head start. Why not? I wanna live in NY someday and no way in hell I'm supporting this habit at $10 a pack. 

So the day goes on, I've got bronchitis or whatever. I get my inhaler. Still haven't smoked. Then today comes around. I'm just sitting at home, I look at my phone and see a voicemail from some local number:

> "Hey davedavedaveck this is Tom from Dr. Office. I was looking over your chest X-Rays from yesterday and would like you to call me back as soon as possible, thanks."

Fucking Tom, man. Alright, I guess I just have to call him back. It's probably nothing.

I tell Tom I'm calling him back, I'll never forget the very distinguished change in his tone when he knew it was me. He continues to share he sees what he's pretty sure is a spot on my lung. He wants to know if I've had any other recent chest X-rays he can compare it to. He said it could end up to be just scar tissue from Pneumonia. 

> "In a week, if you're better or not. You need new X-Rays so we can compare the two. Then a CT scan, and we'll go from there"

So thats it. Do I have lung cancer? No. Probably not. But seriously like, fuck smoking man. I'm done. 

**Tl;DR:** Potential Spot on lung means I'm done.