My Public Diary - A Journey through Cold Turkey Quitting

G'day Reddit, 

I've decided to use a log to track my journey through quitting the fags for good. I want to see if this will a) be therapeutic for myself in my journey and hold me accountable & b) help others through this. 

My Strategies leading to this day 
At my peak I was smashing a pack of 25s a day, which overtime I've weaned myself down further and further. At my current state, I only smoke when I get up in the morning and when I get home in the evening. A 8 & 1/2 hour chunk of my day at work is smoke-free. This took A LONG TIME to turn into something 'normal' but I feel it's given me the strength to make the jump to complete freedom. 

My Reasons for Quitting 
1) Health - I am relatively healthy right now (27 yo) and have smoked for 8 years. Over the past two years however I've had slight changes in my overall health. I developed GERD which now forces me to keep a close eye on everything that I eat and drink. Smoking, while not directly related to this does not help at all. I also figure that it's easier to quit now then if I come down from a chronic illness as a result of my smoking. 

2) COST - Australia has some of the world's largest taxation on tobacco. A deck of even 20s sets you back over $20 and this is an insane amount of money to piss away on a stupid addiction. I earn a very good professional salary and it feels like I'm wasting a large portion of my income on this when I want to do the following; 

Buy a house 
Build a home cinema 
Build a cutting edge gaming system 

3) Family - My partner, who I love dearly and has been the best thing that has ever happened to me, quit smoking on the spot when we found out she was pregnant with our son. For obvious reasons, while totally supportive and non-nagging, she would like to see me quit as well. We also have a 1 year old son, who I don't want to grow up with a weak father. My entire family in terms of siblings and parents are all non-smokers who don't like the habit. This directly intercedes with the amount of time I spend with them, which I really want to change.  

4) It genuinely does nothing for you 
One of the reasons I've been able to start building willpower and am ready to make this change is the fact smoking by this point literally does nothing. Nothing. I usually laugh a little and move on in my day when I get a craving right now because I know as soon as I have a drag...I'll get a *tiny* little change in my body and feel nothing else. What's the point then? 

5) I already feel like a non-smoker
I don't smoke socially or at any point except when I'm at home on my own. I have already started picturing myself as a non-smoker and it's just reached the point where it feels more inconvenient to smoke then to just continue whatever I'm doing. 

Well that's it, I know this is not going to be an easy journey but I genuinely hope any of you that need inspiration will follow me along this path. I hope I can check back in with you all and show you the pitfalls and highs of doing this! 

 EDIT: I will be logging in my day each time at around 7:30EST when I get into the office to update the days. 