Finding myself again

Hey everyone! 

I've been lurking this sub for about a month, and the amount of positivity and love spread here is beyond wonderful! Kudos to each and every one of you. With that being said, I'm here for the same reason as each of you. I've read so many posts on this sub that have been a great form of motivation for myself and my own quit, and I feel obligated to share my own struggle so that maybe someone else can benefit from my post.

I'm 22 and I've been around people smoking for most of my life thus far. It never really bothered me at all, and most of my friends from freshmen year of high school all the way through college were all regular smokers. Up until 1 year ago, I had never even taken a puff of a cigarette, and the thought had never crossed my mind to start. In late October 2016 I met a girl who (in my mind) was beyond perfect. She was 24, and had recently moved to the US from China and was pursuing her MBA here. She was smart, incredibly beautiful, great sense of humor, wealthy, the whole 9 yards. We quickly fell in love and started spending most of our time together. Everything was perfect, the only issue was that I was a huge pothead and she absolutely thought weed was the devil incarnate. It was my vice at the time, and hers was smoking cigarettes. I stopped smoking weed when I was with her, and when we were together I would go outside with her while she smoked. 

Not having access to my smoke-able drug of choice, I quickly picked up the habit with no hesitation. My love and infatuation for this individual went so far, that I actually rationalized smoking poison to bond with her. I remember my first cigarette so fucking vividly it still haunts me... 
"Wow this literally feels like someone is punching me in the back of the throat why do people do this?" I thought to myself.
Oh but nicotine quickly showed me why people do this. As we spent more and more time together this tiny evil quickly grew into something I never thought possible. Something I had no interest in turned into something I loved faster than anything before it. Post sex cigarette? Lit. Post meal cigarette? Lit. 4AM balcony stargazing while the city sleeps? Lit. I was in love with a new drug and I had no idea the kind of struggle I had gotten myself into.

We broke up about 8 months after we started dating. As I was younger than she, her very traditional parents would not accept me as her s/o so we ended things. She never really left, as I kept smoking even after she was gone. I was slowly accepting that I was becoming a smoker, I'd jokingly tell my roommates that if I died to bury me with my Ray Bans and a pack of Benson and Hedges. The squares helped me numb the emotional turmoil I was in after the split and I quickly looked for a new partner. I dated a couple more girls who were also smokers in the 4 months after our split, and that's when the holyshitthisisnowbecomingaproblem feeling started to hit me. I wasn't even enjoying smoking anymore, but I was fully rewired at that point and felt like I needed it. In my 1 year span of smoking I smoked between 6-10 per day. My drug/alcohol use enabled smoking cigs, as they seemed to pair so well with anything I could take. I would smoke cigs after weed, after drinking, and while tripping. 

This is getting lengthy so I'll try to wrap this up. The party abruptly ended in May, me and all my friends graduated and went our separate ways. I was alone, back living at home, and very unhappy with my situation. I smoked a lot of weed and squares over the summer to mask the discomfort of feeling like a post grad failure (no job, I had no idea what I was looking for in life or where I wanted to be). I discovered this sub and /r/leaves about a month ago and quickly started reading a lot of familiar sounding stories. Honestly the comradery and feeling like I was not alone helped push me to my quit. You all made me realize that cigarettes didn't do any of the things I thought they did, and it was all in my head. 10/30/17 was the day I had my last cigarette and my last puff of weed. I feel liberated and empowered to find myself again, and make up for the lost years spent numbing myself into an emotionless being. For once, I feel hopeful about the future, myself, and my legacy. We can do this. We are strong, and we control our own destiny. I am a slave to no chemical.

Thanks for reading.
