Day 4: Long Weekends and Lots of Writing...

I've made it here. I am so happy to be a non-smoker. I am still so positive that this is me now, forever. 

Today is the first day I have had... not doubts. Worries? 

Three day weekend starts today. I have a lot of free time. On the other hand I have a 22 page comic book script that needs to get close to complete by Monday morning. 

I should be spending my next three days hammering that out. I plan on it. 

The Beast has sensed my nerves. He thinks he's found a weakness. A tiny crack in the armor. He stirs at the mere thought of regaining his control... his *power*. 

Is he right? I wonder this as I sit here, using this post as both a form of therapy and a warm-up exercise before I leap into this script. I'm nervous. Not going to lie. Work has kept me very busy this week and I haven't had time to write. Been putting this script off, spending a lot of time on set at work to distract the mind. 

Now is go time. I have to do this. I HAVE to get through it. My rational mind KNOWS there is nothing about a cigarette that helps me write, makes me more creative, helps me get over a roadblock in a scene... it was all smoke and mirrors. Another lie the Beast fed to this poor junkie to keep me hooked on his black ooze. 

What a son of a bitch. Instead of defeat I feel a fire rise inside. A tiny spark that forms into a BIG FUCKING BANG within! FURY! 

FUCK THIS SHIT! I am a GOD DAMN WRITER!! All cigarettes ever did was distract from writing... Instead of committing myself fully to concentrating on writing I was half distracted... subconsciously pining for enough time to pass t hat I could justify getting up and having another cigarette instead of focusing on the work. 

Imagine all the time I must have wasted... Even partially trying to add up every smoke break makes me sick. I bet in the last year alone if I had written a single page instead of smoking a cigarette I'd have a 120 page screenplay... A WEEK! 

Okay. Motivation found. Fuck you BEAST! But not a sensual fuck. Rough. Dry. With a steel dick made of razors and shark teeth. 

I AM A NON SMOKER. 

Today's script pages will be infused with the crusty remains of a once glorious king... now revealed for what he was all along... a lying, sack of black tar cunt-gunk. 

DAY 4.... BRING IT THE FUCK ON! 