Breaking up....

Dear cigarettes, 

I wish I could say it was a good run, but lets be honest... It wasn't. Fifteen years is a long time to be with someone and not realize how destructive they are to you. We were never really meant for each other. You've got charm and charisma and you pulled me into a 15 year long web of lies!  

Now I am leaving you for good.

It has been three days since we last saw each other. In the past I would have come home crying by now. We would have embraced as soon as we saw each other. I would apologize for hurting you and trying to leave. You would comfort me by wrapping me up in a nasty cloud of poisons, making me feel light headed and slightly nauseous. 

Not anymore.

Not this time. NOT EVER AGAIN. I finally have my head on straight. I have never felt better in my life and for the first time I can clearly see that coming back to you would be the biggest mistake I could ever make, you've never done anything but hurt me. Sure you disguise it as "helping or loving", but we both know the TRUTH: YOU ARE KILLING ME!

As I have had time two reflect on our years together I have made a list of all the negatives and positives we have shared....

NEGATIVES:
You stink

My throat always hurts after we are together

My breath stinks when I am with you

I always feel unmotivated with you

You give me weird chest pains (not in a good or cute way)

I see you with so many others and realize what we have isn't special. You're peddling your lies to a lot of other people

All those times you made me feel cool or special, I was just blindly believing what you told me. It wasn't true. I see you with other people and know that they look stupid. And unhappy.

I am more relaxed since we broke up than I ever was while with you. You never relaxed me. You just aggravated me so much it felt like relaxation when it really wasn't.

You never let me walk for longer than a few minutes without making me feel crappy and tired. 

We can never go hiking. 

Things seem to taste bland and smell less when we're together

POSITIVES:










So you can see, this has to be. Anyway, good luck with everything or whatever. I am sure there is someone out there who is right for you, it is just not me. Not anymore. Never again. 


Eat a bowl of dicks, 

dazedconfuseddude

(edited for poor grammar, spelling and formatting)