My First 7 Days

Hello all,

It's been about 25 days since I quit cold turkey after smoking roughly half pack a day for 10 years. I know it's not as long as a lot of other people on here, but it's pretty significant for me. One reason I was hesitant to quit for all of those years was knowing I would be miserable for those first few days. 

I know everyone's quit is different, but I kept a record of what the first 7 days felt like for me. Hopefully it will be of some help to others who are going through Hell week.

Day 1: Incredibly hungover, I slept most of the day and night, so I didn't have a cigarette. That's when I thought, "Well, I made it 24 hours, why not see how long I can keep this going." 

Day 2: Tired, but feeling proud of myself! Researched what happens to your body at 24, 48, 72 hours. Those goals were how I stayed on track. A lot of, "If I make it to xx hours, (blank) will happen..." Day 2 was a Saturday so it was easy to just stay in bed and watch movies/nap. Napping is your friend. The more time you can spend not being awake, thinking about cigarettes, the better. (In my opinion.)

Day 3: Lightheaded. Wow, so this is what increased oxygen to the brain feels like. This fact that I could FEEL these changes in my body was very reassuring. I went to the gym and was very dizzy! Probably should not be lifting heavy weights. Sense of smell and taste are returning.

Day 4: I HATE EVERYONE! I FEEL LIKE GOLLUM IN LORD OF THE RINGS! I WANT MY PRECIOUS! GAHHH! Don't talk to me. Can't focus at work. Took a couple walks around the block to get some air. Definitely took some NyQuil when I got home so I could just sleep and not have to think about cigarettes. THIS WAS THE WORST DAY.

Day 5: Something is different. I feel.... okay? I miss my smokey treats though. I don't crave them, I'm not about to run to the store to get a pack. I miss them like a friend that you don't see anymore.  What do I do without them? I'm just sitting here feeling a little empty. Is this what the rest of my life will feel like as a non-smoker? (Google Sad Jack from Lost.)

Day 6: I really do believe that this was the most important day in my quitting process. This was the day that one part of my brain did everything it could to convince another part of my brain that "Just one" wouldn't hurt. I was in complete denial, trying to justify that one cigarette. I Googled things like, "Is one cigarette really that bad?" and "If I have one cigarette, will I go through all of the withdrawal symptoms again?" "What about e-cigarettes?" and all of the answers pretty much said, "Yes, one cigarette is how many people start smoking again." 

In hindsight, it was pretty interesting that I was convinced that one cigarette wouldn't hurt me, when every single smoker in the world started with one cigarette. Luckily, that part of my brain that said, "Don't do it" won. 

Day 7: Work holiday party. I made it this far and I'm feeling very proud of myself. Had a few drinks and you know what? It wasn't that hard to resist the urge to smoke. In fact, I didn't really think about it. I was with great people, eating and drinking so my mind was occupied with other things. Day 7 is when I felt good about my decision. I looked back at the last few days and told myself I never want to feel that miserable again.

Day 8-Day 25, today: Every day gets easier. There are little things that you start noticing. 

*You can pin-point the smoker in the room by the way they smell. I never thought I smelled that bad, but wow, it fills the room.
*"OMG This is what Blue Moon really tastes like?!? Why didn't you tell me?!" 
*Teeth are whiter.
*Where did all of this money come from?
*What is this new feeling at the gym? Is this endurance?
*THIS IS THE MOST IMPORTANT THING I'VE LEARNED: I'm calmer. What I thought was my "base-level of calm" was just the cigarette manipulating me. I would feel anxious, I would smoke a cigarette. When I was anxious again, I'd smoke another cigarette. It's hard to see the addiction until you're outside of the box. 

The thought of cigarettes still swirl around the brain, but it's different. It's no longer, "Oh I wish I could have one" or "Oh, I need one." It's more like, "Huh, that's something I used to do." I've become indifferent to it now. 

I hope that some of you can relate to these experiences and to all the new people reading this, hopefully it will give you a sense of some things you'll have to endure during the first few days. 

Cheers to the new year!