Past the 500 day mark and didn't even notice.

Hello,

I just wanted to let you all know that it is possible. I had my first cigarette when I was 16, and I loved the lightheaded feeling I would get. It wasn't until I turned 18, however, that I actively seeked out cigarettes because I was able to purchase them legally. Thus started a five year war with tobacco. At first I only smoked a couple of cigarettes a day, but when I started college, smoking was a way to socialize and meet friends. And not everyone has the same smoking schedule--so one cigarette with one person here and another cigarette with another person there. Eventually I was smoking about 10 cigarettes per day. At my worst, I was smoking about 15-20 cigarettes a day, always planning my next move to have my next cigarette.

Cue 505 days ago where I stumbled on the /r/stopsmoking subreddit at around the same time I was feeling congested and sick all of the time from smoking. I woke up coughing and sputtering like a used car; and like a used car salesman, I convinced myself that I was okay to keep running--this was just normal wear and tear. But I was sick of it! So I discovered [Allen Carr's book](https://docs.google.com/open?id=0B3ugFPnbtHHnQ2w0SlZmSU5kQU0), read it and critiqued it and fought the entire time I read it. But by the end, I was a changed man. I carried the last page of the book in my pocket to remind myself that I am a quitter. I carried it for two weeks. The very next day--after I read the book--I met who would soon be my wife. She never knew me as a smoker, and I am thankful because we likely would not have been together now.

So, you can do it. There are probably people who were hit harder by the addiction than I was--even though it was pretty bad. I am 24 years old now, and I quit when I was 23. You can do it. Quitting is the easiest thing there is--staying a smoker is so difficult. This is what the book taught me, and Allen Carr is definitely right. As the days go by, you begin to realize how much better your life is without the cigarette.

I also relied a lot--especially in the first few weeks!--on this subreddit. I had terrible aches and pains. And as my sexual prowess came back, blood circulation, and sense of smell, I realized that I would never smoke again. I am in my early 20s--how could I have let it get that bad?

So, I implore you: those of you are thinking about quitting now, just do it. Make it an action item on your to do list. Read Allen Carr's book. It's simple, so just do it. It's easy and you will have the rest of your life ahead of you.

Thank you to everyone at /r/stopsmoking for your help--especially in the first few weeks and for introducing me to Allen Carr's book.

Caleb