Dizzy and lightheaded after quitting.

Hey guys, I've been off cigarettes and tobacco since last summer, but have been vaping up until a few days ago. I'm not sure if this is the correct sub to post this in since I can't find a dedicated "quit vaping" sub. I personally think, after much experience with both, that smoking and vaping are very similar. Nicotine is the drug we go after and vaping replicates a cigarette very well, that's how I quit cigarettes seamlessly FYI. Please don't down vote this, I'm in no way promoting vaping and saying you should do it to quit cigarettes! Nicotine is nicotine, vaping just replicates the nicotine delivery like a cigarette.

Anyways, I decided it was time to quit nicotine when I had an odd breathing episode at work and nearly passed out. I quit nicotine cold turkey from there on out since it scared the crap out of me. I've been smoking cigarettes, dipping, or vaping for nearly 9 years straight. This is the first time I have been off nicotine completely for more than a few days. Overall, its been going decent. I'm extremely anxious and my mind has been all over the place, I can't think straight and honestly don't feel like myself.

The biggest withdrawal symptom that makes me the most uncomfortable is the dizziness and being lightheaded all the time. When I get out of bed til when I lay down. In fact, I have spent as much time as I can lying down to alleviate this feeling of passing out. I know this symptom is common for a couple days after quitting, but its now been nearly 5 days of zero nicotine for me and it hasn't gotten any better. Is this normal after quitting?

I have consulted my doctor and all my vitals look great. I do have some sinus inflammation going on, but I don't have a fever. I'm waiting on blood work to get back to check everything. I can only assume that nicotine withdrawal is causing this dizziness spell. I would really like to hear from any of you that have experienced anything similar, support is much needed!

Thanks

