Not quite smoke free, but nearly there

Ok, so I decided to quit smoking in November, I lasted until Christmas day. Here is my story so far.


I first started smoking when I was 17 and used to smoke roughly about 20 a day, sometimes less, sometimes more. I'm now 23 and my main motivation is the excessive staining it has caused to my teeth, I seriously used to have perfect teeth, sparkling and perfectly straight. My bottom front teeth are now a bit crooked and very discoloured. This is my main motivation, that and I hate the thought of constantly smelling of cigarettes, it's very anti-social and just disgusting.


So I tried everything such as patches, gum, sprays and the the oh so 'amazing' E-cig. Let me tell you, E-cigs are terrible, they just made me want to smoke even more! Just a constant reminder of what my brain thought I was missing out on!


Then, I met up with my old housemate and she told that she had quit smoking a month ago. This really shocked me as she was the last person I thought could do it simply because we used to spend some days (when we lived together) just chain smoking and drinking tea/coffee. So she told me to check out this book 'Allen Carr's easyway to stop smoking' "It will work if you want it too." She said.


I read the book and it didn't work. Then a few weeks later I stuck the audio book on my phone and gave it a listen. By the half way point I had QUIT. I mean, I didn't actually want to smoke! I was stupidly happy as well! It seriously changed my whole perspective on pretty much everything in my life. I was genuinely a nicer person for not smoking and had this weird high that lasted for as long as I didn't smoke. I was smiling, laughing to myself just because I was so happy I didn't smoke. It was great.


So then yeah, Christmas day came and I had cooked dinner with my partner for our family, we had a few drinks and spirits were high. Then my brother-in-law gave me a cigarette and I thought "Sure why not? I have a whole new way of thinking now, I'm not addicted!" Bad choice!


Ever since then I've had one a day (with the exception of one badddd day where I had 5), I wouldn't say I'm addicted in the same way I was before, it's not the first thing I think about when I wake up or after breakfast/dinner/tea. I still feel like I need the odd one because I feel like it will be give me that extra 'boost', which is bollocks I know, haha.


So I'm about to start fresh again, I'm going to go and buy a pack of smokes, listen to the audiobook again and stop for good. I know I can do it because I'm looking forward to it.


So I'm going to start from tomorrow and can't wait :)


