I've had enough; and I have made a plan. I stop now.

Hello. I tried quitting spur of the moment about a month ago, and I did so unprepared and scared. I was met with little support from my SO who also was a smoker. Shortly after I quit, I started right back up again, but this time, I was aware of how much I smoked and why. I made sure to acknowledge every smoke I had and all of the sensations I felt during the cigarette. About a month later and I realized what must seem clear to non-smokers and successful former smokers. Cigarettes are nasty: they do not taste good, the smoke smells awful, and it's frustrating organizing my life around having that next smoke.

I have planned and wanted to quit for quite a while, but I always figured I would a) never be able to or b) quit when I finished grad school. 

Now, a little backstory. A year ago tomorrow, I proposed to the love of my life, and she eagerly accepted. The stipulation was that if I was still smoking a year after our engagement we would separate. When she first said this I was a little annoyed since she smoked. But it was kind of a deal that we made. I now see it from a totally different perspective. 

I would rather spend the rest of life with my SO than have another smoke. So I set my quit date to be tomorrow, exactly one year since we got engaged. It might seem silly, but it is the moment I needed to actually quit.

In addition to this, I refuse to tell myself it will be difficult. This is a patterned mindset I have had for a very long time. I have so far been able to accomplish things in my life that I never would have believed if you told me ten years ago, and I am immensely proud of my few achievements. I talked myself into these achievements with always telling myself that I have either already accomplished them, or acting as if I had (obviously within reason). It has even become somewhat of a personal motto: "if we don't make it we'll fake it." Anyways, I just want to say that I look forward to tomorrow as a former smoker. 

So as of tomorrow, I won't consider myself a quitting smoker, but as a former smoker who has already quit. I took a trip away from my SO because I know she still smokes and I need a little while to avoid falling into the same routine. 

I just needed to tell someone. 

Any other advice? Also sorry for my diatribe and broken thoughts. I just needed to get this out there. 