If today is going to be my start day, I might as well say something.

I don't want to be a smoker anymore, but I feel like it's damn near impossible to quit given my current situation in life. I'm going to keep trying regardless because I don't think I will ever be "ready" to quit. Now is as good a time as any, right?

I'm currently a server at a restaurant on a party block in a tourist trap. I hate my job. The money is alright but it can be pretty stressful. Everyone I work with smokes. Luckily smoking indoors is banned, but still, sometimes there's nothing better during a shitty long shift than a moment out back to relax and have a smoke. Not sure how I'm going to deal with this job without being able to have that.

I suppose I could still take breaks out back, but that would probably trigger my desire to actually smoke a cigarette.

There's also the fact that I'm in a somewhat stressful relationship. I love my boyfriend, but we fight too much sometimes. When we're not getting along and I'm alone, nothing is more comforting than a cigarette. In fact, a lot of our fights have stemmed from my smoking. He hates that I smoke, and I resent when he tries to control me by telling what to do or what not to do. 

So if I smoke at work during a long, grueling shift, and he finds out, he gets mad; then I get mad that he's mad at me for smoking because my shift was so shitty and I just want him to empathize; then possibly the fight will escalate and we'll end up not hanging out anymore and I'll be sad and alone at my house with a fresh pack. It's a vicious cycle.

I think my best bet for not smoking when I'm mad at my boyfriend is to rely on fitness. Some intense cardio to vent my anger and build my confidence. I'd also like to lose weight, so that would be a win-win-win.

Here goes another attempt; this time I have reddit on my side though. I've never taken my attempts to quit to the internet like this, aside from rambling about it on a dumb blog or whatever. Hopefully I can stay with you guys through these hard times and hopefully I can kick this habit for good this time around.