How can I help my husband who quit smoking and is having depression/anger issues? Does it get better?

My husband quit smoking 6 weeks ago after having been a heavy smoker (2+ packs a day) since he was a teenager (he's 49). He's been using the patches and is stepping down on the nicotine levels, though he has been moving a little faster than recommended. I've never been a smoker, and I have difficulty understanding what he's going through. 

Six weeks in now, I've started to wonder if smoking was masking some underlying mental health issues, because he has been a different person since he quit. He has no patience (not that he ever had a lot to begin with, but still) and is very quick to anger. When I try to talk to him about his anger and his low tolerance for frustration of any kind, he flies off the handle, yells and says mean things, and often leaves the house to go to a bar. When he's not angry, he's usually glued to the TV and seems anxious and edgy when he can't zone out and watch his Netflix shows for hours on end every day. He also seems to not want to eat (will go an entire day without eating anything) and sleeps a lot more than he usually does (3-hour naps after a full night's sleep). 

I've heard that smoking can be used as a form of self-medication for a variety of mental health issues, including bipolar disorder and depression. I think my husband used smoking as an escape from daily stressors and a way to manage difficult emotions like anger (give himself some space and time to think before he responds, an outlet for nervous energy). With that crutch gone, he seems unable to cope with cravings, stress, and anger in any reasonable, adult way. He doesn't seem to understand or see what's going on and I can't talk to him about it without setting him off.

 Friends who've quit or who have had a spouse quit warned us that it would be rough, but I was unprepared for just how difficult it would be and how long this withdrawal period would last. 

Avoiding conflict seems impossible at this point. As much as I try to support him and eliminate any potential sources of disagreement, he always finds something to be angry about, often within just a few minutes of walking in the door after work. It's relentless, to the point where I am anxious around certain times of the day (in the afternoons/early evenings) because I know that we'll probably fight and he'll be horrible. I'm approaching my breaking point. I'm hurt, sad, angry, and I feel like I've lost my partner. Our relationship wasn't perfect before and we had issues just like everyone else, but this is new territory for us. I've thought daily about going to visit my family for a couple weeks just to give us both some time and space to think about things. 

Does anyone else have experience with a partner who is quitting smoking and seems to have become someone else? What do you recommend? Is this 'normal'? Does it get better?
  
  ---   
  **tl;dr**: Husband quit smoking and is having anger issues. Anyone else have experience with this? 