Long post soz but temptations and :////

I've smoked for 7 years and quit now. I'm 69 days smoke free and it has gotten easier, like I stopped using my Nicolette mints (they were sooooo good thou very very helpful) so I've been nicotine free for like a month or something. I've been drinking a lot (separate not so bad problem) and always crave but never given in cos it's the one thing I'm proud of, each day I wake up happy I didn't give in. But I also suffer from depression and keep having "fuck it" moments. I nearly bought some cigs the other night when I was buying booze. I sat outside 7/11 for a bit, deciding whether to buy some. I decided not to, but as I walked off I noticed a pack of bacci on the floor. Picked it up - kachhing! Abt half a pouch a 25g. Was happy cos a big part of smoking was money and I'm struggling. So I went and bought papers and filters. That was two nights (including tonight) ago. I'm not sure what to do. In my head I'm like I'll just have 1 cig, then maybe finish the bacci but only when I drink at night. But I'm scared of having to start quitting smoking AGAIN? Like I LOVE how many days I've gone and I love seeing that number of days smoke free rise on the smoke free app. But I just wanna have one again. :( Idk Idk Idk. If I start again I think I will hate myself so much more and am scared for that. I know the answer is to not smoke but ahhhhhhh. Tbh most of the time now like I don't even WANT to smoke? It's like I just have the bacci (already rolled a cig too, left it in the pouch) to tease myself. Lol.

I guess like now I know I CAN do it why can't I just finish this bacci and start again? I've been saying to myself when I get home (I'm abroad in Australia, back to England in a month) I'll smoke again cos all my friends smoke and it'll be nice again and less expensive than it is here etc. I said to myself I won't smoke in Australia again. Idk. Literally this is me having a convo with myself hahahahah. Basically I want to have a cig, but I want to still be 69 days smoke free. Logical inconsistency that'll never work. Lmao. Can I start over or can I not. I have never gone this long before. I first managed 18 days (i was travelling and then cigs were bare cheap so I decided to smoke there) but that was big for me I never went a day without smoking in the past 7 years. But here I am at 2 months.