Quit Smoking 2 and a half months ago got some annoying side effects

I'm 31 years old male and I've been smoking 12 years on average 10-15 cigarettes a day. I quit 1st November 2017 and everything went smoothly even though I quit cold turkey.
A month went by and nothing happened I felt great I started enjoying going to the gym more just being more positive in general.
1st December 2017 shit started going sideways, I started feeling more acid build up in my stomach. I felt nauseous 1-2 hours after having a meal. My diet was bad while I was smoking and continued to be bad after I quit (e.g eating out 7 days a week mostly Subway sandwiches, burgers, chinese and pizza).
Went to see the Doctor around this time and he put me on 40 mg Pantaloc once a day for a month. He ordered an endoscopy, Ultrasound and a bunch of blood tests. The blood tests came out normal. Ultrasound and endoscopy still pending.
My symptoms started getting weirder and weirder e.g. chest pain, stomach bloating, back pain, headaches, nausea, inflamed feeling in my food pipe, bleeding gums and just general anxiety.
I've been to the ER multiple times since 1st December 2017 always freaking about either the chest pain or the nausea or some other crazy thing. My doctor thinks I have peptic ulcers but can't be sure without an endoscope (which is still frikkin pending 1 1/2 months later). I'm still on the Pantaloc 1.5 months later.
I started taking natural remedies for ulcers e.g. mastic gum, DGL and Kefir. DGL helps the most! Also started eating healthier, started cooking more at home, less spicy food, no more fizzy drinks, less processed food.
Has anyone else had such a long recovery from quitting smoke especially cold turkey , I read online that side effects intensify if you quit cold turkey (https://healdove.com/mental-health/What-happens-to-your-body-when-you-quit-smoking-with-cold-turkey--Chantix-or-Zyban) Please share your experiences with me since I'm very scared because of all the weird side effects I've been getting lately it's like a new thing everyday!! I've always been athletic and a foodie and I can't do both with my current condition! This is the first time I'm posting on Reddit and I feel very hopeful that some of you out there might be able to help me through this illness with your experience and knowledge. I'll update this thread every third day and keep it updated as much as I can.
I don't know why but I'm pretty convinced that this is because I quit smoking all at once like 10-15 cigarettes a day to zero in a day! 
Thanks
