Resetting after 22 days.

I've decided to reset my badge, my app, and every other thing I had to keep track of my progress. I still haven't had a cigarette in 22 days, but I have been using a vapor.

Now, I do not think that using a vapor is cheating, or not really quitting. I think the bias against it on this sub can be very discouraging at times. It has been an absolutely excellent tool for me, working marvelous. Spending a few days with my boyfriend without using it all, showed me how much it had helped me get away from the cigarettes, not missing them at all. I used 6mg nicotine, with something claiming to be energy drink flavor (It's not, it more taste like the pink bubblegum I had as a kid) and it made clear many of the downsides to cigarettes.

The reason I am resetting, is because I honestly do not feel that the cigarettes are a problem anymore. Not at all, which is both strange, slightly scary, and unbelievably fantastic.

I need to kick the nicotine now. I need to see a progress with kicking the addictive drug, not how many cigarettes I haven't smoked. I am not addicted to cigarettes, I am addicted to nicotine. And that really needs to go now.

I have already seen a wide array of really good benefits. I have saved a lot of money, my son is proud of me and wants to cuddle to cartoons again, because his mother does not smell of smoke anymore, I have more energy, and for the first time in 16 years, I have gotten over a cold in less that 4 days. Nothing smells of smoke anymore, I feel a bit more alert when I wake up, and the cigarettes I thought I would miss the most, that time is now spent on much more enjoyable things. Cuddling after sex, cleaning up after dinner with my son, wandering around the house with a cup of coffee in the morning, not getting insanely cold hands when waiting for the bus. (I live in Denmark. It's cold. And wet.)

So now, onwards to the removing of nicotine addiction! I have a feeling it will be easier, than I thought it would be 30 days ago.