How I quit

1: Break your schedule: Most people who smoke do it at certain times of the day, morning, lunch, before bed etc. Try to skip your first morning smoke and don't have one for a few hours after you wake up. Even though this is the best one the sleep can help you to get a head start on kicking the nicotine. 

2: It's a marathon not a sprint: For anyone who has been smoking for a long time quitting is one of the hardest things in the world. Most people try to cut down dramatically or stop completely. It's much more effective to just skip one smoke a day at the beginning. As said if you can cut down the schedule then it's a lot easier.

3: Reward yourself: If a pack a day smoker makes sure there is one smoke left in the pack at the end of the day, it works like a loyalty card, 19 packs get one free. Increase it by one cigarette a day until your only having a few a day, and then just drop it, it's a lot easier when you need less every day.

4: Savings jar: Make an average of how much you spend on smoking every week, put this money into a jar and only take money from there for cigarettes. As you cut down slowly watch the jar full its self up. When it hits the top spend the money on a toy, something like a motorbike.

5: Find a new hobby: I have met many people who sit around watch tv and smoke. For many the two can go hand in hand, to drop one drop the other. I'm not saying never watch tv again but find something to distract you, learning to ride a motorbike is a great substitute (it's awfully hard to have a smoke with a helmet on)

6: For the mathematically minded: Make a graph of how many cigarettes you smoked every day of the week, collect these and you can watch the progress. It's often incredibly beneficial to be able to see progress as it comes

Hopefully these can help you to drop smoking, it's a nasty habit that affects way to many people. For me it's not even the health affects that worry me, it's how it can choke the fun out of your life. It's time consuming and the cost comes out of the fun budget.


Source: I smoke on and off regularly. I'm 17 and find it fairly easy to quit, after you've done it a few times it's pretty easy and now I don't smoke for longer than a few weeks at a time making it much easier.


