One Year

I first started out on this sub under a different username, that I've lost the password to (lol), a couple of years ago. I had tried to quit smoking more times than I can count and I always used this subreddit as a support. 

Thanksgiving 2013 I finally quit for good. 

When I was trying to quit, reading people's success stories were a huge source of inspiration to me, so I thought I'd return the favor.  I hope that my post is helpful. 

What I've learned is that all my unsuccessful attempts at quitting were essential to my eventual success. They taught me about myself, they taught me my triggers, my limits, and what my strengths were. The first three months I was very aware that I was still in quitting mode. I still craved cigarettes, sometimes quite badly. But after three months, I started losing track of how long it had been. It was six months before I knew it, and then seemingly within no time at all, I was upon my one year anniversary. 

Today I've also stopped biting my fingernails, a habit I've had since I was a small child. I'm working on getting in shape. I weigh ten pounds less than I did at this time last year. I did gain a bit of weight when I first quit. It is possible to quit without gaining weight because people do it. I did gain a little- but I didn't let myself go. I kept the weight gain in check. I'm not very overweight but I am a little, and it is now my goal to get back down tot he recommended weight of someone within my height. 

The key to quitting, for me, was creating the right frame of mind for it. It is the same frame of mind I will use to lose weight. Allen Carr and even people like Richard Simmons perpetuate this frame of mind. I am not giving up smoking, I am gaining a smoke-free life. I am not losing anything that is beneficial to me- not one thing. I am merely gaining a longer and healthier life. I no longer smell. The smell of smoke is so strong on people! I had forgotten that when I smoke and then go into a building I am broadcasting to everyone that I am a smoker. My lungs feel better. I snore less. I'm no longer a prisoner to nicotine. I no longer have to take breaks to go smoke. One of my last bad smoking memories was when I bowling with some friends- most nonsmokers. I'm not good at bowling but I was winning this night. I was craving a cigarette so much that I finally had to go step out and smoke, leaving my friends to bowl in my place. I came back to a very bad score. I could have won, and I could have stayed inside laughing with my friends, but I was outside by myself in the cold smoking a cigarette. I was reminded of this when I was recently in a wedding. One of the other bridal party members kept needing to step out and smoke while I was able to sit and enjoy the moment. 

When I lose weight, I am not giving up anything. I'm not giving up pop and fast food. I am gaining nutrients that my body will actually be able to use to take care of myself. When losing weight or quitting smoking or kicking a bad habit, you have to remind yourself that you're not taking anything away. You're not giving something up. You're giving yourself something very valuable. And you have to repeat that to yourself even when it doesn't feel like the truth. 

Whatever you wish you achieve you can do it. I know you can because I could do it; and I'm just an average person. 