What to replace smoking with?

Hello everybody. The one and only reason I smoke is is that I just really like the habit. I've smoked for longer and shorter periods before in my life, and in turn quit for years at a time. Now I've been smoking again for a couple of months. It's a somewhat negative time in my life right now, which is what has made me go back to smoking before. It just feels nice to put on my jacket, go outside in the freezing air and so forth. It's a fun ritual, and I could use a fun ritual in my life.

I'm somewhat worried of the long term health risks of smoking. Even though I know eventually I'll quit again, as I've done before, it's also quite possible I'll start again in a few years, smoke for a couple of months again and so forth, repeat the cycle. All of that probably adds up over a lifetime, and as far as I know, there's no safe lower limit for smoking. What really bugs me right now, however, are the short term effects. My throat is apparently pretty sensitive, and it really sucks to constantly have a bit of a sore throat and other mild symptoms of a cold. It's not worth it.

I've tried googling for alternatives to smoking, but they seem pretty silly. Eating baby carrots doesn't require going outside, and it really wouldn't even make sense to do that. Drinking tea or coffee outside is a bit better, as it doesn't feel too stupid to purposefully go outside to drink the cup, but it still is very very different. Do you guys have any suggestions? Is there something that is safe to smoke? It doesn't need to have any chemicals or anything. Would it be possible to get one of those e-cigarette things and just put water in it, and inhale water vapour? Does it even work like that?

Thank you in advance for any suggestions!

EDIT: Please don't give me the nicotine addiction speech. I don't need it. I know all of it. I've considered long and hard if I, too, might be addicted to nicotine, and I've decided I don't fit the description. If you think I'm mistaken, fine, but I'm convinced I'm not, and I don't need to hear it. I'm also currently out of smokes and not going to buy new ones, so there's no reason for you to give me the "harsh truths". All I ask is sticking to the topic. Thank you.