So here's my story...

I'm sure y'all don't need another TL/DR text spew from someone who's only just quit, but you're getting one anyway!

I smoked tobacco for 26 years, and weed for 20.  As I'm British, I always mixed my weed with tobacco, and smoked on average 3 spliffs and 15 roll-ups a day for all this time.  I have an addictive personality but hate failing, so I haven't even tried to quit either substance for over 10 years as I didn't feel ready or strong enough - and I didn't have enough internal or external motivation.

I've given it all up.  I've been reducing my weed intake slowly over the last year - still smoking every day (my ability to sleep without it is pretty fucked nowadays) but got down to one mild spliff at bedtime every night, and stopped weed completely on the 21st July.  I always said when I stopped smoking weed I'd stop smoking full stop, as it has all of the disadvantages without even getting high off it!  Tricky though, as I've always genuinely loved smoking - I've just got to the age when it will start to permanently affect my health.

My wife and I smoked our last roll-up this past Sunday, 31st July.  We've both stayed strong so far, and we're determined to see it out.  I'm also guarding against drinking alcohol as I've had problems with that in the past, and on the rare occasion I haven't had any weed I've tended to hit the bottle pretty hard in its place.

The withdrawal symptoms have been surprisingly strong and varied, I won't lie.  I haven't slept well at all, I'm constipated (and subsequently bloated), I inexplicably got a scratchy and painful throat from the evening of the 1st Aug (thankfully it seems to be getting slightly better now).  I've had problems concentrating, I have a jittery anxiety in the background, and the cravings are fairly bad (I'm aware they would be worse if my throat wasn't so painful!)

Do you know what?  These symptoms are motivating me.  There's no WAY I want to go through this again, so feeling like this is providing fuel to my willpower!  If I give in now and start smoking again, at what age do I want to have to go through this once more?  I'm 43 now, so can I handle this when I'm 45? 50? 55?  I don't think so.

In three short days my lung capacity has improved a surprising amount - I am now able to yawn to my full diaphragm without cutting off the yawn to avoid a coughing fit, and I'm enjoying breathing!  My sense of smell and taste has improved.  My background heart palpitations have already disappeared.  And I'm only on day three...

I'm under no illusions.  I know that although the Carbon Monoxide and nicotine have now left my body, the neuro-receivers which were created in my brain when I started this habit still exist, and they will be sending out SOS demands for months to come.  I know from my background reading into this that it takes 3-4 months for these neuro-receivers to die off, and when they start to die they send out further strong cravings, which is why so many people start smoking again around this time.  I know from speaking to my dad that even after 20 years of not smoking, the compulsion can still be there to want one in times of extreme stress.  I know that I cannot have "just one" any time in the future as it will lead to another, then back to regular smoking again.  I don't get on well with the "never again" mentality and I tend to weaken when faced with being denied something I've loved for the rest of the days (I know this is contrary to a lot of expert advice, this is just my example), I am much more of a `day at a time' person but I can concentrate on stringing a load of these together!

We have been planning to give up on the 31st July for a couple of months, and I have spent this time reacquainting myself with some aspects of zen practice, especially the concentrating on the breath through mindfulness, the acknowledgement that we are powerless to change much about existence, and the acceptance that there is only the present - the past and future do not exist.  I don't expect anyone else to care about this aspect of it, but it has helped me a lot in my mental state.  Although I am still sleeping very badly, due to the calm centre I am able to cultivate in my brain, I am not affected by a constant stream of night terrors like I have in the past.  I can exist in bed, through the night, calmly, and when I sleep, my dreams are not terrible.

The added bonus for me of the concentration on my breathing is the improvement I have noticed in the short time since I quit.  Whenever I feel weak and the cravings are threatening to take over, I can concentrate on my breathing, which acts as a reminder that I am doing the right thing for my health as well as acting as a calming measure.

I realise I may not be the typical case due to the cannabis habit, but I thought it might be useful to give you good people these details as everyone is different and something may chime for you, and hopefully help you too.

Thanks for reading, and I'll be seeing you in various comment sections!