I have been smoke-free for the last three days now, and I would like to give something back to the community.

As explained in the title, after smoking a pack a day for five years I went cold turkey Friday night and have not smoked a single one since.


There were of course times when I felt like lighting up, but all in all it's been nowhere as horrific as I could've imagined. And that made we want to share with you what has helped me through so far...


First of all: I didn't plan the date and time out beforehand, so it was less dramatic and more casual (as opposed to the other times I've tried to quit). Instead I smoked one waiting for the bus to work and thought to myself "Hmm, I wonder if I could get through 8 hours of work without smoking". And I could. So I made these smaller goals for me to complete.


After that I started timing it and tried to go 24 hours without a smoke and so on and so on, and I just now crossed the 72 hour treshold.


Second: I know myself good enough to know that if I just threw away all my cigarettes at once and for all, I would just sort of feel at loss. Instead, I went the strange route -- I actually went to the store and bought a brand new pack, opened it and kept it in my pocket with a lighter since then. That way, I am able to take control of the situation -- everytime the urge to smoke arises, I make a conscious choice of NOT doing it, even though I easily could. This changes the whole situation from "I want to, but I CAN'T" into "I want to, but I WON'T"!


I think this is, psychologically, the same effect as for example smoking while stressed (you're able to take matters into your own hands and feel like you are in control by acting actively, not passively).


Furthermore, this is also my way of affirmating my own willpower. Every time I choose not to smoke, I know that my willpower is growing, I am growing even more disciplined, which (IMHO) is turning me into a better person.


One last note: If you are thinking about quitting yourself, do your homework. Someone in another thread linked to a page about triggers and habit which I benefitted immensely from. So what I did was (among other things) to stop associating smoking with certain people and situations. Instead of taking my morning coffee to the balcony and smoking while drinking, I went to smoke while the coffee was brewing -- that way I taught myself to still drink coffee without the need for a smoke.


One of my roommates for several years is a smoker himself, so we've always gone on the balcony together. I still went with him, but did not smoke at the time -- I did later on. Now the act of going outside with him is less attached to smoking.


Thank you for reading and for being a great community (I lurked here for a few weeks before quitting, and it is really helpful to know that somewhere out there are people fighting the same fight as yourself).


To all of you who did it: Congratulations. I am first now realising what you have all been through.


And to all of you who are struggling: We're all going to make it, brah.



-- Den Røde Baron

EDIT: I've found great motivation in the smartphone app [QuitIt](http://www.reddit.com/r/stopsmoking/comments/1hfl1c/this_subreddit_and_this_app_is_what_keeps_me/). Link to other thread w/ pics.

EDIT2: I should explain:

"One of my roommates for several years is a smoker himself, so we've always gone on the balcony together. I still went with him, but did not smoke at the time -- I did later on. Now the act of going outside with him is less attached to smoking."

We've been smoking for the same period of time. It sounds like he got me into it. ;)

I meant to say that we would go outside to smoke on different hours, so as not to trigger eachother. The act of smoking turns from a social happening to a solo event, which I think is much easier to take control of.

Last of all: English is not my first language, so it may or may not be full of spelling and grammar errors.

[MFW](http://www.welovedates.com/wp-content/uploads/2011/09/Absolutely-NO-Regrets.jpg)