A Glimpse of Terminal Stage COPD

I was actually looking for advice about terminal COPD for my own solace when I found this forum. I thought my experiences might inspire the people here trying to quit smoking.

My mother began smoking probably in her early 20s. She stopped twice while pregnant, but resumed sometime after I was born. At around the age of five or six I first became aware she smoked. I remember getting a whiff of her cigarette smoke, and being unable to get the smell out of my nostrils, I became horrified. I pretty much developed a phobia of smoking after that, and nagged her to quit incessantly.

Mum first developed a smoker's cough in the 2000s. She still refused to quit. Every time I would raise the subject with her, she'd just go silent and refuse to even reason about it.

It wasn't until 2011, when she was hospitalised for pneumonia, that she finally quit. But at age 70, after 40 plus years of smoking, it was too late. Ironically she didn't miss cigarettes. It seemed to her that she loved smoking not so much for the act of smoking, but that it was a little meditation throughout her day - an opportunity to watch the world go by. She found she could enjoy little timeouts perfectly well without having a cigarette. Shame she didn't learn this when it might have helped her.

After returning home from hospital in 2011, Mum needed oxygen supplied from a concentrator machine. She was still able to walk short distances around the house, bath herself, prepare meals, but she became virtually a prisoner in her home. She seemed to enjoy life despite her advanced COPD, but she was always a very stoic and strong woman.

March this year Mum's condition declined enough to warrant hospitalisation. She had been hospitalised previously, so at first I thought everything would be routine. But after a few days I was summoned to the hospital because she was concern about her will. Mum felt sick enough that she wanted to get her affairs in order. Then that night she had a massive panic attack and went to high observation. Her condition was so bad she was placed in palliative/hospice care. She wasn't expected to last long.

As I began to put her house into order, I began the grieving process for my mother. All the things lying around - half eaten items in the fridge - all filled me with grief. Yet at the same time I felt a sense of relief that Mum's suffering might be coming to an end. I had always feared having to quit my job to become her full-time carer - for she didn't want to go to a nursing home. I thought I had been let off that fate. But I hadn't.

The strong dosage of morphine Mum was on helped her to overcome the panic of coughing, and she was able to cough up a large amount of material from her lungs, so that she bounced back. Suddenly we went from funeral planning - to nursing home options and the financial concerns that go along with that. But I made the decision to become Mum's carer if she wanted to come home, and she did. After weeks of planning, quitting my job, and dealing with a bureaucratic nightmare, Mum returned home.

Well, not really the Mum I knew. Two months of extreme end stage COPD suffering had distorted Mum's personality to the point where she simply was not the woman I once knew. At home she was completely bed bound - unable to bath, go to the toilet - even lifting up the remote control of the TV was a monumental effort.

Twice a day Mum's pad had to be changed, which caused her incredible distress and breathing difficulty. Five times a day she had to inhale 2.5mg of Salbutamol via a nebuliser. Sitting up to take the nebuliser was like torture for her. Then she couldn't sleep.

Today she was returned to hospital on her doctor's advice - after only 17 days at home. She had been one month in hospital, one month in a shitty nursing home while we organised her return home - all for nothing. The toll this experience has wrought on me is not good. I'm not suicidal, but I'm certainly suffering something close to suicidal depression. I don't like life anymore, but there are persons I love too much to give up. There has also been an enormous toll on my sister and other family members and friends of Mum who have helped care for her these past few years.

I think COPD is the worst death imaginable, because there is no predictable end point like with cancer.  Give up now while you still have a chance to avoid stage IV COPD. You may avoid lung cancer. You may avoid heart attack and stroke. But you can't dodge COPD.