100 Days today. Over the hump and here to share.

At 34 years old I had been smoking for over half my life. That realization alone is enough to make you start reevaluating things.

My first cigarette was essentially a dare. I was 15 years old, underage drinking with peers under the stars western Pennsylvania field. I didn't inhale until someone called me out for it. Coughed my ass off, but kept going to be one of the "cool" kids. Smoking forever after made me feel cool.

Like most sane smokers, I've always wanted to quit but was able to rationalize that I deserved it. Heck, I only smoked when I drank... while ignoring the fact I drank four days a week and found myself drinking to justify smoking, chain-huffing 8-20 cigs per binge.

Every winter since about age 22 I had picked up bronchitis that would inevitably lead into pre-pneumonia, as I would stop smoking for a couple days, get better, then relapse and get more sick than before. I had tons of sore throats and swollen tonsils. 

Going to sleep at night I would sometimes get a racing heart, probably as much due to drinking Redbull+vodka as smoking. I always snored, but after a night of drinking and smoking, I'd alternately sound like a pig being slaughtered, followed by a long period of no breathing at all. The quality of sleep you get here is not restful, and comes accompanied by nights full of unpleasant dreams. But I didn't want to get one of those creepy sleep apnea masks.

Then I started dating someone who was concerned about my long-term health from smoking, as well as the self-diagnosed sleep apnea. I started doing yoga and got my resting heartrate down from 85 to 60 in less than a year. Sleep improved a little, but I was still smoking.

Finally, I went to the doctor and got diagnosed with enlarged tonsils and a deviated septum. A double surgery was scheduled, and that's when I decided to quit. My last five smokes were ceremoniously enjoyed amongst friends and my loved one at a rooftop bar. 

The week after the surgery are a blur of constant pain and medication, but I never craved a smoke or booze, my throat hurt so damned badly. After about ten days, I started to get stir crazy, so I decided to go to my local bar for a drink. Typically I would enjoy a whiskey and a beer, then step out for my first bit of "fresh air".

The whiskey burnt like gasoline. The beer went down like icecicles. But I didn't have the urge to put smoke down my throat--that would hurt so much more. I'd been on a liquid diet at this point, so it didn't take too many drinks to get lit to a level at which I had never not smoked. No cravings.

Fast forward a month to a healthy throat. No more snoring, no more apnea. The cravings did return, but I'm thankful I had the first couple weeks after surgery to abate the initial onslaught. I have smoked "other" substances, like cloves, but have had no nicotine of any form.

I'm lucky to have a concerned and supportive partner help me on this journey, and the hidden bonus of surgery recovery time. For anyone who is struggling, I can recommend yoga for helping you focus on your breath, and focus on getting it back. 