The day I smoked Anthony Kiedis' Camels

It started with Chad Smith, Anthony Kiedis and I sitting on a large, cushy sofa in a beautifully sun-lit apartment somewhere on the beach side of Los Angeles. The weather was nice, maybe 25 degrees celsius, light breeze, the incredibly large windows were slightly opened, I could hear waves crash on the sand.  
  
We were chatting about their latest tour, music in general, life, silly jokes and additional nonsense. Everyone was relaxed, in a good mood and I was honestly surprised how nice those guys were. In my mind I had this idea of the arrogant rockstar, very disconnected and almost annoyed talking to the "unworthy" but reality was very different - they were approachable, easy to talk to, funny and simply put: good company.  
  
As the talk progressed, Anthony reached for a pack of cigarettes, lit one and passed it to Chad who did the same. Now it was my turn and of course I did not turn it down, c'mon I am smoking Camels with the Red Hot Chili Peppers!  
  
An hour and a few rounds of cigarettes later Anthony reminded me that if I'd bum so many smokes off him, then it would be my turn to run to the shop and buy the next pack.  
  
Around that time was when it dawned on me that I must be home in bed, next to my wife and having the most lucid of dreams I've ever encountered.  
  
A quick tuck on the blanket and a squint into the darkness of Michigan fall at 5AM later, I could confirm that indeed, I was home in bed, next to my wife.  
  
Instead of relishing in the amazing dream I just had however, I started getting concerned about my on/off smoking habit. I am 33 years old now and smoke anywhere between 0 and 10 cigarettes a day now.  
  
When I was 14, smoking was cool, my parents were on vacation and my cousin Olli showed me how it's done properly, take a pull and then say "Huuuhh mom is around the corner" with a big inhale on the "huuuh".  
  
Now almost 20 years later, I still find myself in the habit, I've had years of no smoking in between, but there's always been some trigger to get me back. A social situation, a difficult time in my life, work stress etc. It's annoying!   
  
Now I realize when I was younger, I figured that that there is going to be a next stage in my life when I'll have to simply quit - getting a real job, getting married, perhaps having children.  
  
Now I am married, have a serious job and have 2 young boys ... and still smoke.  
  
So that got me thinking, what is the next event in my life that would really make me want to stop - is it going to be my own death? Maybe even due to some stupid self inflicted form of cancer?  
  
While this is definitely a scary scenario which I want to avoid, it doesn't hold me back from lighting up another cigarette once in a while.  
  
So what do I do? Do I get counseling?  Read a book? Take some course?   
  
I don't know, the problem really is that I enjoy smoking. I actually like the taste and the act of it. How do I twist my brain to finally put a stop on this insanity?  
  
Would love to know your thoughts on this. 

