I really, really want to quit...

Hey all, First post here...

I've been smoking for just over 8 years now...I started young(16) and it really went downhill when i started college. The last month, i've been trying so hard to go a full day without smoking but i keep falling on my ass and end up having 1 or 2.

I recently started dating this amazing girl ( 4 months this week) after being depressed and in solitude for close to 3 years. She really has brought so much light to my life and i want to do everything i can to make her happy, and quitting is 1 of the things that i want to do for myself and for her. Thanks to her, i quit smoking weed about a month ago and i don't miss that 1 bit. I feel more alert, happier, more outgoing and just better overall.

Yesterday i bought a pack after not buying any for close to 2 weeks. I'm usually finish a pack in about a day and a half...I just threw that pack and i'm officially starting this today, even though i said i'd do that yesterday, and the day before...I feel like i'm just lying to myself though. I had about 5 today since this morning and i feel like shit. I'm disappointed and angry at myself...

Hard thing is, i live with my dad who's a pack-a-day smoker and my house ALWAYS smells like smoke. My routine has been like this for a while now: Wake up, smoke #1, wash face, brush teeth, shower, smoke#2. Smoke#3 in the car on the way to work ( 8AM). Smoke break at 10 ( Sometimes my smoker friends would have 2, so i would too.) Lunch at 12, smoke #5 before eating, smoke#6 after eating, and #7 more before getting back to work (1PM). Smoke break at 3 #8. Smoke#9 on the way to home ( 5PM). If i'm not with my gf, i'll have maybe 5 or 6 more by the time i hit the bed. That's more than half a pack a day.

Thankfully i don't drink often at all, but if/when i do, the cravings are strong...

When i'm with my gf, i've gone more than 12 hours without and so far that's my biggest milestone. I absolutely want to, and have to go a full day. 

Any suggestions on how i can convince myself that i don't need this shit? I'm scared to make any promises, especially to my gf since that can lead to trust issues i don't want to deal with.

Today is day #1.