Eight Years Today! Goodbye my 'friend'!

*I have been posting this on my anniversary date and keeping it up to date, so you may have seen this before.*

Today marks my 8 year anniversary of a separation of a dear friend that I had close relationship with for nearly 20 years. A friend that was always there through thick and thin, was there to calm me down when I was mad, and just in general kept me company on long road trips. 

But was also a friend that limited me, where I went, and who I could and would visit. A friend that unbeknownst to me, dictated a huge part of my life. Someone I thought could do no wrong and bent over backwards for. The last year leading to our breakup, I had exactly realized how much of my life had been robbed by this friend. How limiting they were and how it affected my family. It was after another good friend was able to successfully cut ties with my friend, I realized that I, too, could cut ties forever.

Thanks to a good friend, I realized I could, in fact, quit smoking. So long, to living my life, looking for the next location to have a smoke. Going outside in all sorts of weather, to have a smoke. Having to tip-toe and hide around certain people, to have a smoke. Running though the airport to find a smoking lounge between flights. Having that eau de cigarette odor. Realizing how much time, energy, and money that has, literally, gone up in smoke. It has not always been easy, and I've had to keep my eye on the prize, but I know my life is much better off without my blinding addiction. Set a date that was important to me, and kept my promise to be done with it forever. 

Eight years. 

Not a single cigarette, not a single drag (as I believe I would be right back). It does not bother me as much, now, but I know there are days where I could make up with my friend, and have to make a conscientious decision to stay away.

The addiction is strong, and for a long time, I was weak. Knowing that I have had close family that have died as a direct result of smoking wasn’t a deterrent. Sin taxing wasn’t a deterrent. People telling my how bad it was (duh!) didn’t help. After I realized that someone (I perceived) was a heavier smoker was able to quit, it opened my eyes to a possibility that I could do it. So I do want to give a quick thanks to those that are close to me for having to put up with me during my journey! Maybe I will be around longer to aggravate you! To those of you, my friends and acquaintances, or anyone reading my story, that thinks they are resolved to a life of smoking, that it is too hard, or you have been at it for too long, just know, that if you have the will to quit, you CAN. 

But you have to be honest with yourself, and do it for yourself, not at anyone else’s behest. If you resolve to quit on your own terms, you will succeed, as I have. Thank you.
