Day 16 - why this time is different!!

Today I am working on Day 16 completely smoke free. I have smoked for roughly 10 years. I have even quit for several months at a time on 3 separate occasions with the longest being 7 months in 2011 and most recently was 3.5 months in 2015. In 2011, I decided to have "just one" when I was out with friends drinking (which is my biggest trigger) but this lead me into a downward spiral and before I knew it I was a smoker again. In 2015 I lost one of my best friends and immediately lit up after a few months without cigarettes. I spend most of 2015 trying to requit and often.. At least every other week. I would go a few days here and there or a week or 9 days and start up again for one reason only.. I was having drinks with friends. When I was sober I very rarely smoked and never really even had an urge so going days on end without a cigarette when I was not drinking never even bothered me. Unfortunately, once I had a few beers in me my mind would be totally consumed with getting my hands on a cigarette and 9 out of 10 times I caved and bummed one or just bought myself a pack. Every time I felt guilty the next day and I logged into my Smoke Free app and changed th quit day again and again and again since August 2015. Every time I changed the date though, I never was able to process in my brain that this time it was really it so I immediately let myself up for failure because I knew I would light up again. 

Why am I giving you all this long story.. Because I know that there are plenty of people out there like me. A twenty something adult who has allowed smoking to consume them on social settings who makes excuses for themselves "I only smoke when I drink" but this counts as being a "smoker". You either are all in or all out. My husband, who does not smoke said to me one day a few weeks ago after I was telling yet another person "but I only smoke when I drink" that I must stop all this denial and face the facts. He said "you are a smoker" which struck a cord with me. I was a smoker and that is something that I have not wanted to be for so long. I think everyone needs their lightning bolt and that we mine. I was gonna kick this habit once and for all and beings that I always liked a new beginning. The new year would be the right time for me so I chose Sunday, January 3rd. Had my last hoorah and smoked a pack the night before and told myself this was it and This time I actually believed me. I don't think I will ever look back. This past Saturday I was out with friends, all of which smoke and I can honestly say that I did great. Maybe a tiny urge to do it here and there but I told myself.. I am a nonsmoker so why would I smoke over and over again and here I am on day 16 and I overcame the very situation that made me crumble and fail every time. If I can do it, so can you. 

It's about changing your mindset and changing your habits and freeing yourself of this nasty, relentless addiction and you can do it!! If anyone is interested in learning to change the way they think and challenge themselves to change their bad habits and gain new and good habits I suggest you pick up a copy of "Better than Before" by Gretchen Rubin. It will help you to understand your tendencies and habits and I equip you with tools to change your mindsets. 

I have gone much longer than 16 days before but this time I know it is for good. I look forward to updating you all when I have surpassed my prior quit lengths and beyond. You all can do this!! 