2 months smoke-free. My experience.

I just woke up. My fiance just woke up. We are looking at each other and he smiles. 
We cuddle for a while because we don't wanna leave the bed yet.
* "I'm gonna quit" * he said, *"I'll follow you"* I said.
He ran out of cigarettes the night before but I still had my rolling tobacco. I hid it away and I proceed to make us some coffee. We sit together, watching tv and checking our social media.
*The first urge starts* It's so weird, having your coffee without a smoke. 
This is the "wake-up-combo" as I call it. I try to forget about it.
By this time, we had already told our parents and friends about our decision and how we can't have anyone coming for a visit (most of them smoke) and they understand. 
I'm throwing out my tobacco. I'm hiding away all our lighters. *Who the hell needs 48 lighters?* My fiance starts cleaning out the ashtrays and hiding them away. 
Later in the day we had to go for some grocery shopping. It felt so weird being outside, I felt like i had a hungover. I start to feel some cold sweat going down my spine as we approach the store. My eyesight gets blurry and my eyes start to tear for no reason. It feels weird pushing the cart arround. *I feel like crap* . My fiance started chit-chatting with an employee we know, telling us that she also quit smoking and how everything gets better. 
It's night time now and we are about to sleep. It's hard to fall asleep. It's hard to keep sleeping *if* you fall asleep.
I woke up every other hour covered in sweat for no reason at all. The sleep issues continued for about 2 weeks. I would wake up so early in the morning that it felt wrong for me. I always wake up after 1pm.

Two months later now, I feel healthier. I still sometimes wake up late or struggle to sleep but it's ok.
I don't miss smoking at all. I forgot about it. I started jogging. I feel happier. I feel prettier. I feel more sexy. My skin feels so smooth. My libido is up in the skyes. People can now smoke arround us without us feeling like junkies.
I tried smoking a cigar, just to see what would happen, but even holding it felt wrong.

Please, if you are thinking about it, just quit smoking. Don't overthink about it and don't try to go from smoking to smoking less to smoke free. You either smoke or not, there is not in between. 
It will be harder, yes, but *it's worth it. *
