Wife is pregnant and can't quit

Throwaway because my wife is a redditor and knows my account and I don't want her to see this.

My wife is 37 and has been smoking since her early teens. Before getting married about a year ago we agreed that we both want at least one more kid and that we should start trying immediately. She already has a son from a previous relationship and she told me that she found it super easy to quit when she was pregnant with him. She promised me she'd quit the moment we found out we were pregnant and I believed her.

We got finally got a positive result in July, and what should have been a happy time in our lives slowly turned into a nightmare when she couldn't quit! She's seven months along now and smoking a pack a day AT LEAST! I have pleaded and begged her to quit but she says she can't. She keeps saying that it's hard and that she's trying her best, but she's barely cut down AT ALL! I have suggested using nicotine gum or a patch, but she said that's even worse than smoking because then her bloodstream contains nicotine all the time which is worse for the baby. I suggested getting an e-cig but she won't because the health effects are not documented. I even suggested hypnosis which neither of us believes in but she just laughed me off. Yesterday I asked her to make a new year's resolution to quit, at least until the baby is born, but she says she says she'd never be able to keep it. We have fought about this a lot and I'll admit I've said some hurtful things I'm not proud of. Once and once only I even threatened physical violence if she wouldn't stop voluntarily. I would never lay a hand on her in anger and I am extremely ashamed of what I said but it should give you some idea of how desperate I am! Now I can't even bring up the subject anymore without her getting pissed and storming off to, guess what, smoke!

I am starting to resent her and I apologize if this comes off as hostile sounding but I just really need to VENT! Lately I've started feeling like she's not even making an effort anymore, she's been smoking more and more and when I confronted her about it she said that there is no point in quitting anymore since she's already in the third trimester, which is complete BULLSHIT! I literally just heard her lighter click as I'm typing this. HOW THE FUCK CAN SHE DO THIS TO OUR CHILD!? That is not a rhetorical question, I really want to know. I NEED to know! I've never smoked so I can't imagine what addiction is like but I literally cannot imagine putting personal pleasure or pain avoidance before your child's health.

I am at my wits' end, I don't know what to do. Please help!