Is my addiction manageable?

Allow me try to explain why I started smoking in the first place and how that relates to now.

I smoked my first cigarette when I was 18. I'd smoked weed before then, so I didn't see the appeal to it; just makes you feel 1/100th of a weed high and you feel gross on top of it. Smoked maybe one more from that pack and tossed it.

Smoked weed for several months straight, wanna say half a year. A bowl or two just about every night, was loving it. Eventually my tolerance got too high for me to feel it almost at all. Ended up doing a dab because of its high potency relative to bud. Felt it for about 5 mins and it was gone, so I took a couple days off. Went and did a dab again and got just waaaaay too high, had a horrifying "trip" filled with what felt like exponentially multiplying existential paranoia and anxiety that absolutely would not disappear no matter what, and ever since then smoking weed has put me in that same spot no matter the strain. For a while I'd take one small hit and be okay, stuck with that for a while, but one day I took a tad too big of a hit (yeah, one hit) and was back to staring at the floor ineffectively fighting off paranoia for 2 hours. Sad story.

So I began smoking cigarettes to fill the void. I smoke pretty much exclusively American Spirits (black packs) as 1. Its a heavy cigarette, suits me since I like to smoke and sit outside for 20ish minutes and 2. American Spirits are supposedly the least unhealthy cigarettes (no additives or at least drastically less compared to other brands).  Smoked like 1-2 a day for several months, often skipping days, and smoking 2-4 a day on weekends since I visit friends and one of them smokes. Then it was pretty settled on 2 a day (may have been from the start but I can't remember). Now its like 2-3 a day, but barely ever 3 since I only really smoke 3 when I get off work early.

So its been about a year since I started smoking and I still only smoke a few cigs a day. I've taken cigarette addiction quizzes and shit and am really low on their scales (questions like "how long from when you wake do you smoke?" and the longesr answer is an hour or two dont apply to me, I only smoke in the afternoon and at night). Smoker friends tell me that I could smoke 2 a day and be fine, its not likely to cause me any issues (coming from people who smoke about a pack a day). Hell this is the second time I've deliberately stopped smoking for a week just to feel out how difficult it is and aside from mental cravings (its just like a habit for me to smoke once I get home, so when I get home I want to smoke, you know?), its really not difficult for me at all; I have no anxiety or physical sorts of symptoms.

The reason I'm even asking is because I was under the impression that smoking kinda pulls you balls deep before you realize you're there and you have a problem. It seems like over the course of a year I'd at least be smoking half a pack a day by now or something.

Am I wrong in my assumption there? Do some people just have easier times with cigarettes than others? Is it possible to smoke how I am without seeing the quantity increase? Is it actually true that you can smoke small amounts without adverse effects to your health, or is it still a gamble that you'll end up getting something regardless of the quantity you smoke?

Contemplating quitting altogether since its easy to, only thing really stopping me is that I'm not sure if Mary Jane will ever agree with me again and not having her is kinda the reason I started smoking in the first place.