The Keys to Quitting

Hi! My name is Dan. My wife and I quit smoking 18 days ago. Now, granted that's not a lot of time since I've been smoking for 12 years, but I think I have come up with the formula to getting past this habit.

Part 1- Commitment. 
It seems kind of vague but the reality of smoking is that unless you decide you will never smoke again you will smoke again. Initially I struggled with an internal monologue of "what ifs" and "just onces". This parade of doubt is not your friend nor is it accurate. You ultimately have to be done with it. 

Part 2- Perspective.
I like this one because its a little more tangible. Smoking isn't like heroine. It is not an addiction, don't kid yourself. It is a habit, on the same level as nose picking, nail biting and spitting. You are not going to die from withdrawals. You'll be annoyed, you have to relearn parts of your life (ie drinking, driving (not simultaneously) eating, being bored and being stressed. The irony is that smoking only makes these things worse not better. 

So that is the strategy. What are the tactics of quitting smoking?

I'm not a genius. Nothing I'm going to suggest below is unprecedented but it may help somebody.

1- Apps. I have three phone apps that tell me different things. Money saved, time smoke free, Mg of tar avoided and games to keep my hands busy.
2- Sunflower seeds. I am aware of the irony of tripling my sodium intake to stop my tar intake. However, seeds fill in the oral fixation portion with the delicious taste of salt. 
3- Exersize. I found a gym that offered me FOUR months of boxing lessons for the cost of ONE month of smoking. And which is really cooler? 
4- Association. I try to remember only trashy people smoke. All those classy images of James Dean and Don Draper have no place in the 21st century. The modern smoker is someone with little money to spend and not enough common sense to spend it better.

These are the things that worked for me. Quitting is 90% psychological. If you really want to quit, you will. I have faith in everyone in this room. 

QUIT SOME!!!