Missions from Stop Smoking App on Droid

The Stop Smoking app on droid has been a true lifesaver for me.  I've tried some other apps (Quit Smoking and the Live Strong app on iPhone), but this one has an interface that keeps me coming back.  It also has some great daily missions you can do every day.  Upon successful completion of the mission, it shows a funny and motivational GIF.  It's like a quit smoking app and Imgur made a beautiful baby...

Here are the first 5 (there are 31 total).  I think they are actually really good suggestions so I decided to share them:

Day #1:  Let's start by ridding your home of anything to do with smoking.  Throw out any remaining cigarettes, give away or dump your ash trays, consign your lighters to the bin.  Don't forget to check all of your drawers and cupboards so no trace of smoking is left.  See the act of doing this as your first commitment to your quit.

Day #2:  Today's mission is to provide a tangible sense of progress and to give you a reward for the work you're doing.  How much were you spending on smoking each day?  Find a jar and put in that amount for yesterday and today.  Repeat tomorrow and for the remainder of these missions.Jars are good because you can see the money increasing.

Day #3:  What are the triggers that might tempt you to smoke again?  Big ones are often drinking, being in stressful situations, or when feeling anxious.  Your mission is to write down a plan for staying strong through each one.

Day #4:  Music can be really helpful while you're quitting smoking.  It's a good way of taking your mind off cigarettes and is great for improving your mood.  Create a playlist that you can listen to when you want to take your mind off of smoking.

Day #5:  One of the golden rules of smoking cessation is to never allow yourself another cigarette.  Today's mission is to make your mantra, "Not one more puff."  repeat over and over again, not just today but whenever you can in the future.

The app has a lot more suggestions but I didn't feel like typing them all up.  :)

Good luck!  I hope these suggestions helped someone!  (Day 6 suggested coming to this forum, and that's how I found out about this subreddit.)