22 Days Smoke Free!

I've been following this subreddit for about 15 days, and I gotta admit that this appears to be one of the better "quit smoking" support groups out there right now.  

My personal story of victory:  I'm 32 years old, smoked for 15 years (1 pack per day), and attempted to quit several times.  I'm using the patch with great success this time around.  I decided to quit smoking when we realized our son had autism.  This new reality means that I should do what I can to live a healthier lifestyle.  Cutting out drinking was easy (since I never felt addicted to alcohol).  Smoking hasn't been as hard as I remember.  I think having proper motivation helps a lot as well.

Some side effects:  I had the flu for 2 weeks.  It was a great help with quitting, actually.  However, I seem to have a sore throat that won't go away and a lot of post-nasal drip (thick mucus).  I'm assuming it will go away in a few more days (weeks, maybe), and is simply a side effect of filling my body with poison for 15 years.

Some good side effects:  The Mrs loves that I don't smell like a cigarette.  I have a greater sense of self-worth.  I don't have morbid thoughts about dying from lung cancer (yeah, still a possibility, but every day is a new victory in the right direction).  My workplace is smoke-free and so am I.  I feel like I can hit the weights again without a sense of hopelessness.  I don't notice a huge difference in tastes and smells, but it's nice to be able to wear cologne and not have it covered up by cigarette smoke before anyone else gets to enjoy it.  For that matter, my car air fresheners last longer than 5 hours now.  Speaking of cars... I no longer have a buildup of 100 cigarettes a week in any various vessel in my cup holder.  My vessel of choice was a 20 oz bottle with some water in it.  This thing got quite disgusting after about 2 days.

Anyway, keep up the good work!  I love this subreddit, and I'll start chiming in on other posts now that I'm 22 days smoke-free!  :)

