The big list of reasons not to smoke

Care to add any of yours so we can make this a big long list of reasons for New Year's Quitters to use?

1. Reduced risk of bronchitis, asthma, emphysema and pneumonia
1. Reduced risk of coronary heart disease, kidney failure and stroke
1. My home and car don't stink any more
1. I feel strong by conquering a habit that makes me feel weak
1. The sheer amount of money wasted
1. No disgusting ash getting everywhere
1. No second-hand smoke to do harm to my loved ones
1. No more smoke staining my walls and ceilings
1. I'm more kissable
1. Better sleep
1. Better circulation (less chance of cold hands/feet, better activity downstairs)
1. Less likely to burn down my house
1. Less likely to die from a brain tumour
1. Brighter teeth
1. Fewer wrinkles
1. Food tastes better
1. Sense of smell improves
1. No stained fingers
1. No more burn holes in clothes
1. Reduced rates for life insurance
1. Better chance of conceiving and having a healthy baby
1. Reduced risk of dementia
1. Not being a bad example to kids
1. No longer stuck in desperate stagnation, smoking and wishing I could stop. Day after day after day of the same shit until half my life is wasted on this addiction.
1. Not having to go outside when it's cold or raining (or both)
1. Less time wasted on smoking and buying cigarettes, and finding lighters
1. Others don't have to suffer from the horrible smell when I come back from a cigarette break
1. Better looking skin (not just less wrinkles, but looking more fresh in general)
1. No more breathing problems or nasty coughs
1. Better health in general. I didn't have one cold in the past year!
1. Better stamina (and thus better results at getting fit)
1. Not having thoughts like "I hope there are other smokers" or "I hope there are enough chances to smoke" when attending social events with unknown people.
1. Not having the problem of heavily reduced attractiveness due to being addicted and thus appearing weak to other people
1. Not having an inner voice telling you what to do you like you are a mindless zombie
1. No longer inhaling over 60 known carcinogens into my lungs
1. No more yellow nails
1. Brighter smile
1. No grey cast on skin
1. Perfume stays longer
1. No need to reapply lipsticks all the time :)
1. And most important? Skin looks AMAZING. I hardly need to use foundation since I quit. HOORAY!
1. No longer planning my day around the next opportunity to smoke!

I'll add to this list with ones from the comments. I'll also add them to my (free) cessation app in the next update [[link](http://smokefreeapp.com/)]