The brain fog / lack of concentration is real!

I feel brain damaged right now. Please bear with me plopping down random thoughts in a likely disorganized mess.

Can't believe it's already day 17 for me (cold turkey, no NRT). This has been nothing like what I expected. Smoked a pack a day for 15 years.

It's actually been pretty easy, I don't think I've actually had a single episode where I had to battle myself not to go get a pack. 

But.. The brain fog is tremendous. I had been feeling pretty stable for the past week but today got hit hard waking up totally out of it with high anxiety. I'm a programmer and I'm quite certain in the past 3 weeks of my life I've accomplished maybe 1 days worth of pounding out code, and looking over it I can't even remember how it works at all, as if i need to write multiple paragraph comments to explain very basic ideas. It's seriously frustrating.

I know this is a common symptom, but jeez.. How long did it last for those of you who are further on? I've been eating a very meticulously planned fibrous diet to keep my blood sugar stable too. 

I'm not trying to scare off fresh blood, so I'll do a pros vs cons for day 15+

1. I breathe easier and my chest suddenly feels 'weightless'
2. I sleep 7-8 hours and spring right out of bed ready to move.
3. I've already stopped coughing and most of the chest pains I'm used to have mostly subsided. 
4. My resting heart rate is down massively from readings taking before stopping nicotine and cutting down to minimal caffeine. I feel much more relaxed and when I get startled (think 7 year old daughter sneaking in your room and hitting you in the neck with a random object while you're focused on your computer screen) my heart doesn't pound and make me feel dizzy any more. I'm sure my blood pressure is also going to be much better next reading with improving my diet and quitting.
5. Certain man parts are more uh.. active?
6. I went for a short walk this morning and I smelled the pine trees that surround my neighborhood and the dew on the grass. I can also smell when rain is coming and I can taste my food. This really adds to the overall sense of calmness.

cons: I can't complete any meaningful tasks that require my brain. That's the only issue I have. So clearly it's still worth it even without considering the damage continuing smoking would have done. I also do have on and off anxiety but I'm not sure its cessation related because I was having panic attacks before I quit smoking (the reason I decided to give it up, cigarettes were suddenly making my anxiety spike very badly).

I'm not letting it get in my head that smoking will help me concentrate. I'm going to deal with what I have to deal with. I'm hell bent on not smoking any more. I just sure would like to be able to be productive again. Any advice in that department would be nice.

Sorry if my post is difficult to follow. 


