50 Days. Any questions :P

Crazy.. It's already been 50 days cold turkey, 50 days without that damned nicodemon in my blood.

 

I've been thinking about what I would like to say, I could leave tips and insights, a fantastically formatted post with bullet point tips of how I succeeded and therefore that's how you should too, but the only thing I have truly realized is that **our quits are all different**. Read everybody's advice and figure out what works for YOU. I was not feeling well at all when I quit, panic attacks and horrible anxiety, circulation was getting so bad that bending over and standing up made me dizzy, laying down made me dizzy, and I was quite used to struggling to breathe while laying down. I was a heavy smoker for over 15 years with no break. 

 

I'm still having some stomach issues, mildly fatigued and still not concentrating as well as I'd like (though much much better than it had been) BUT, I can breathe! My chest feels weightless, I can take glorious deep breaths, I don't get a head rush just from laying down and standing up anymore, my cough is gone, my finger nails could split diamonds, my skin is glowing, my hair seems stronger, I can feel my toes, I can walk miles every day, I wake up after 8 hours instead of needing 12, and I DON'T WORRY ABOUT WHEN MY NEXT CIGARETTE WILL BE AND WHERE, OR WHEN I NEED TO GO WASTE 8 DOLLARS ON THEM ANYMORE!!!

 

I'm not sure there is a correlation between duration and amount and quitting symptoms though, and you guys shouldn't concern yourself with what your quit may or may not be like because it's just an unknown, deal with what today brings you.

 

I'm very proud of myself, and I'm very thankful for the support I've gotten here. I've tried my best to be active and posting for others here as well who are behind me and I know you will all make it too. Don't get down on yourself if you have some symptom that you feel is unique and unfair to you, I must have had one symptom for each day that's gone by. Don't get down on yourself if you aren't ready to run marathons in 2 weeks or 4 weeks, be patient and pat yourself on the back, it is getting easier, you will run marathons. 

 

Don't turn back, defeat this piece of crap, save your life and your money. This is the biggest accomplishment of our lives, and I feel so empowered now, I finally know I have some kind of strength in me and suddenly I find myself thinking about what I'm going to do next, thoughts I rarely had before because I was too damned tired from my excessive caffeine and nicotine intake (I quit coffee and energy drinks 50 days ago too). 

 

Here to answer questions or give pep talks if you need! See you at 100 days!
