Reset day. Remembering (and experiencing) all the reasons I quit the first time. [Don't smoke when you're away]

Bit of a cautionary tale here.

So almost a year ago now I quit for the first time. The first couple of weeks were tough, but after about a month, I really got into the swing of it and was doing fine. I still felt a little tempted to partake when I was around other people smoking, but it wasn't a massive problem and easily dismissed.

Then, about four months into my journey, my father died.

It was a massive shock and so unexpected. He lived on the other side of the world, but I needed to attend his funeral, whatever the cost. But as it was so expensive, this was a journey I'd be making on my own.

I told myself that, given the circumstances, I would allow myself to smoke while I was away. I could pick up a carton for next to nothing duty-free and smoke with my cousins when I got out there. It's a different situation, a different country, it won't be habit forming, right?

So I arrived in Dubai Airport at around 2 in the morning. I wondered around the duty free area, eventually making my way up to the cigarettes and talking to the salesman about which ones were good; I didn't want to smoke my regulars and settled on some Dunhill Finecut. I'd decided I was going to smoke then and there and asked if they also sold lighters... no, it's an airport. Just ask someone in the smoking lounge.

Oh, the smoking "lounge". Sounds luxurious. It isn't. I smelled it before I saw it. It was a cube, about the size of a small transport container, lit with yellow fluorescent lights and covered in ash and filled with smoke. I opened the carton and selected a pack, staving off the pangs of guilt and trying to tell myself it wasn't a failure, just a holiday from quitting. I knew it was bullshit, but I was committed to this. A middle aged couple were sat next to me speaking a different language and so I gestured that I would like a light, to which they begrudgingly obliged. That first drag was absolutely vile. And the next. And the next. I forced myself to smoke two cigarettes in that room to try to get that feeling of "enjoying" them again. Nobody in that room looked happy. It might have been because they were tired and trapped in an airport, but I also like to think it was the fact that they were also trapped in this leper colony.

Eventually, I wandered down to the Irish Bar after being unable to find a place to nap for a couple of hours. I asked the bartender for an ashtray and a book of matches, and grimly sank a couple of pints of over-priced Stella, smoking these vile cigarettes and checking in on Facebook, because how often am I living it up in Dubai guys, seriously? How many likes can I get for being alone and miserable, half-way around the world from anyone or anything familiar?

Arriving in the UK, I found it such a smoke-friendly place compared to Australia. They've clamped down a lot for sure; you can't smoke in restaurants and bars, but society is a lot more tolerant of smoking over there. It's still quite a "normal" thing to do. After a couple of days, I'd gotten over the disgusting taste of those foul sticks and began to "enjoy" them again. Although this time came the realisation that I wasn't enjoying them at all, I was merely tolerating them. If I was enjoying anything, it was the interaction with my cousins - the smoking was either an excuse to chat outside or was frankly just a distraction.

When I left England to head up to Scotland, I counted out how many packs I'd "need" for the rest of the trip and gave the rest of the carton to a very appreciative cousin - a really funny and interesting bloke, who is smart but not that big on money and is perpetually a little hard up. I didn't really meet any other smokers on the rest of the trip, so it was something I did on my own again at truck-stops and rest areas, because of course you can't smoke in the hire car.

Eventually, my last day rolled around. I drove myself to Glasgow Airport, dropped off the car and headed for the smoking area, half-heartedly telling myself to remember this as the "last one". I was telling myself that was the last one, but I didn't really believe it. After a couple of cigarettes, I screwed the rest of the pack up and threw it, and my lighter, into the bin and went to catch my flight.

Turns out, I had a forgotten stow-away in my luggage.

After the long journey home, I'm unpacking my luggage and discover four cigarettes in a soft pack. My cousin bought them for me when I complained to her about how vile the Dunhills were. It would be a shame to waste them, right?

Fast forward to my first morning back at work. It's around the time my cousin would go out for an evening smoke so I text her and tell her about what I'd found and hey, we can still have a ciggie together!

That day I had one. The next day I had one. The day after that, two. The day after that, I bought a pack. And now seven months later and I'm back to regularly buying packs again.

Thankfully this time I managed to keep it to around 4 a day. Occasionally maxing out at 5 or 6, but never less than 3. I also managed to never smoke at home and never smoke in the car, so that's a win. But I'm all worried about my health again and getting zero enjoyment out it; each cigarette plagued with anxiety and fear about what I'm doing to myself.

So today, I've had enough... again. 

My reasons for smoking again were promised to be temporary and the period has well and truly passed. I've hung onto it far longer than I'd intended and today I finally woke up.

Here we go again. Wish me luck.

TL;DR: My father died and I allowed myself to smoke while I was overseas attending his funeral. Didn't work and I kept smoking when I got back.