Tomorrow it has been 1 month, which is great, but...

Hi, I need to rant/unburden myself.

Quit a month ago after a 28 year, 15 coffin nails a day addiction. Used NRTs for the first 2 weeks and then went cold turkey. 
It was hell for a few days but then it got better, got great actually, I could smell and taste and breathe again. And I feel so proud of myself, and love how everyone around me is amazed, I'm one of those "I'll never quit" persons and all my previous attempts have been half-hearted and usually failed on the 2nd day. One actually failed 2 hours in (it was new year's) and I had my then boyfriend dig in the dumpster outside for the pack I threw away.

Anyway, half-hearted attempts in my past, where my fear of not smoking again always made me light up and ruin my quits. Last time I tried I used Champix and made it 2 months before I started again. My reasoning then? I was sooooo depressed and life was miserable without my little stinky friends. Yeah, talk about the addict taking over, man was I blind then.

This time around it feels different, I feel different. I don't want nicotine in any form inside me ever again. The thought is disgusting because I see how it has hijacked my life and actually changed my biochemistry.  The last part I find truly scary, that I have been hooked on a mind altering drug for so long. Even if we barely notice its effects, the fact that it fucks with our neurotransmitters is just......ugh.

Now to the point, sorry for rambling, my sleep is severely fucked. I fall asleep late and wake up early, or I fall asleep early and wake up every couple of hours. It's driving me insane! I know insomnia is one of the withdrawal symptoms, but I'm just so tired all the time. It's affecting my mood, I'm leaning more and more towards the depressed side of things, but hey! I can manage, I'm no longer a smoker and I know this will pass. 
The worst part is that for the past few nights I have been having some very intense cravings just after I turn of the lights and prepare to go to sleep. I don't even think about nicotine or smoking during the day but these intense cravings come out of nowhere just as I'm about to nod off, which of course wakes me up completely and I just lie in bed thinking about smoking. Usually by this time I'm really tired so I can't filter my thoughts properly, so in between there are some "smoking is awesome" thoughts that creep through. I really hate this and am starting to dread going to sleep. 😐
I eat healthy, exercise, drink plenty of water and do everything "right" so to speak. 
I'm not going to smoke again but at the same time I hate how vulnerable I am at these times. I guess at some level I'm scared I'll smoke again.

Is it just the addiction in its death throes trying to hook me again? Anyone else experience something similar or hear about it?


TL;DR: Quit smoking, feel great, sleeping issues and thoughts of smoking occur just before I go to sleep, making me nervous.


Thank you!