How I quit Snus-ing. (I know it's not smoking but my story might help).

I'm aware that Snus and Cigarettes are vastly different, but quitting nicotine has some basic principles behind it and I think my strategy could be applied to smoking. I'm just going to copy paste what I wrote in /r/stopdipping. There isn't many subscribers there, I wanted to try and help a larger audience. Here goes:

"USnus isn't dip but I'll be damned if it isn't as addictive (or more! it's much easier to conceal in public).

I was popping 4 extra strong packs in at a time, throughout the day. Completely addicted. Was using for so long that I never even felt a rush anymore even after blasting my face with snus. I tried quitting cold turkey at least 10 times. Sometimes I even made it a week without Snussing! I've quit now, and Ill tell you my strategy.

I have named it "nicotine reduction therapy", it's basically weening yourself off of nicotine but with a structure. I figured that my nicotine levels must have been through the roof from doing so much snus. And after I admitted to myself that quitting cold turkey was not something I was capable of, many doors opened for me.

I made a quitting schedule that was gradual. The main theory behind my schedule was that quitting quickly was not something I was capable of, so I had to be okay with continuing snussing for a while (poor me). It went something like this.

Day 1: 1 Extra Strength Tin, only 3 packs in mouth at a time

Days 2/3: 1 Extra Strength Tin per day, only 2 packs at a time 

Day 4: Regular strength Tin, 1 tin, 2 packs at a time

 Day 5: Regular strength, 3/4 tin, 2 at a time 

Day 6: Regular, 1/2 a tin, 2 at a time 

Day 7: Regular, 1 tin, 1 at a time

 Day 8/9: Regular, 3/4 tin, 1 at a time

 Day 10/11: Regular, 1/2 tin, 1 at a time 

Day 12-15: Regular, 4 Snus per day 

Day 15-30: 1 or 2 snus per day

 Day 31: No snus, ever again.

With no scientific basis at all, I convinced myself that I was slowly reducing the nicotine in my blood and brain to the point that it was eliminated. It was still hard after Day 30 but much more manageable than going cold turkey (I would know).

If you are like me and have had trouble quitting cold turkey, I recommend trying this out."
