Hey, I would like to quit smoking, but I don't know where should I start from and what to do.

Greetings, my name is Dimitris.

I am 19 years old, I have been smoking since 15, and I started being a heavy smoker since 17(From 17 and onwards, 2 packs a day, sometimes if I am too anxious I smoke more than 2). I always wake up and I hate that I am a smoker, I hate smoking when I am smoking, sometimes I love it, it is a bittersweet feeling.

I met a girl, and I seriously want to stay with her, she doesn't mind me smoking, but she reminds me to put it down every time I lit up a cig, however, that person is studying abroad for her postgrad studies, so she cannot be of help with real-life asides whenever we video chat.

Now the heat of the topic.

I am from Greece. Literally 7/10 here smoke, and whenever I see others smoke my urges go insane and I reach my pack to light one. I have tried quitting before 4 months with slowly reducing the urge to smoke with small doses of e-cig. That worked just for 1 month, but then I couldn't keep with the urge.

The issue: I actually love every aspect of smoking, and that is sad. But I only hate the damage I can cause to my loved ones.
I have linked smoking with so many actions. Finish class, lets smoke 1 to clear the dizziness. Coffee time? That cannot happen without smoke. Food? Well you can't digest well what you've eaten without some smoke. Similar thoughts to these apply with other actions, especially when I am walking on the street or listening to music.

It is so hard to give up on it, I can't go 40 mins without a cig, and my head feels hot, dizzy and I feel gradually more sleepy. 
I am a person that works primarily with placebos.


I have most of the time stress since I don't know how can I be together with my girlfriend that lives so far away, and also is from another country. I have to do with my studies and to hone my skills.I just don't really know what to do, even the post is so abstract to explain and I am smoking right now. 


Point info:

* Both parents are smokers. (Dad heavy, Mom is the desirable outcome to just smoke only with coffee or after lunch/dinner)

* Girlfriend likes the smell of smoke, hates smoking.

* Significant amount of friends smoke, and most here do to.

* Smoking is linked with many activities of my day.

* I love the burn in the throat while I smoke, I love the stimuli, and I can't find a replacement for these pleasures.


I need serious help before it is too late, please I beg you people.
