Yay! 100 days - this is how it felt

It has been 100 days now that I quit smoking. I cannot say that it was particularly easy, nor that it was extremely hard. I had tried to quit before (during my 18 years as a smoker) but this time it worked (so far - always cautious...). I think what made it work this time was the determination. I no longer believed that smoking would make anything better. 
I know that this is the Allen Carr message but the thing is, it is not enough to know it, you have to understand that that cigarette over beer does not make the beer better. 
Anyways, I came by here a lot and wanted to give something back so for whatever it is worth here are my past 100 days cut up into significant stages (for me).

Days 1-3: These are very tough as with everyone. The end of day 2 in particular. On the positive side, you are very focused. Still one should be well prepared for these 3 days. Have the apples and the chewing gum ready, avoid tempting situations. Just get through.

Days 4-14: Still difficult but getting better and better. In this period motivation for me went up each day because I felt better and I started believing that this could work. I was looking forward to little milestones like 1 week, 2 weeks etc. Still, one is very fragile so temptations should still be avoided. 

Weeks 3-4: Here my motivation really went up because some health issues were noticeably getting better (the breathing, etc.). Also I felt a bit more reassured that I could resist even tempting situations. A little light at the end of the tunnel.

Weeks 4-8: This period was a bit more difficult again. Cravings were much less accute and easier to deal with but I grew a bit tired of them to some degree. The improvements were still there but not as rapid as during the first month. Motivation was being strained by the fear that this longing could go on forever.

After week 8: The situation has gotten much better. Occasional cravings are still there but often I don't even realise them until later. When other people go out to smoke, it is normal for me to stay inside now. Slowly loosing count of the days. The improvements are very slow but still steady which gives hope. Also, I have the impression that I have already really achieved spomething. That feels good.

If I can give one advice to others than it would be to really prepare themselves for the process, both mentally (understand what you're doing) but also practically (be assured there will be cravings an they will be tough so what are you going to do?). 

And one last thing: don't be afraid of new situations as a non-smoker (like e.g. going back to work...), just be prepared. Where could the triggers be? How can you survive them?

Anyway, hope this helps someone.
D.