i really (want to) want to stop smoking!

Hi im Mike, ive smoked for 30 years or so ...lets see im 40 now and had my first stolen cigarette from my folks when i was around 9 or 10 and by 12-13 i was holding a pack on a regular basis. smoking has taken alot from me, im fairly sure i have had employment issues around it, it defiantly has marginalized me socialy, i cough when i lie down and in the morning...i smell ike shit.....   intellectually i understand the dangers, i don't deny any of it and i know that even if i stopped smoking right now forever i may not get away without suffering some of the ill effects. but i love it, i am completely insane around this issue. its something i have some familiarity with as i am ten years free from drugs and alcohol through the grace of god and the program of alcoholics anonymous...but the 12 steps have offered very little help (at least for me) around smoking. i did quit around 8 years ago for a period of around 4 weeks while i was going to therapy and the shrink insisted i stop, and it was right around that time my father developed serious heart problems and i needed to care for him and i started again, out of shame i have never been back to therapy. i have never not been a smoker as an adult, ive tried gum (overused it but it worked for the 4 weeks, now it gives me wicked bad heartburn and the hiccups) the patch (it'll do for about 12 hours but i find myself cheating on it and thats also crazy) chantix (im allergic causes a rash) hypnosis (about ten minutes before i was puffing away) ive literally thought about trying to check myself into a rehab for it (the scene from "half baked" keeps coming to mind) im going through alot of major family stress right now so im going to get through it and then set a date sometime around Christmas i think. but this is a pattern over the winter with me ive done this every year for the last 8. but ive never asked for help around smoking...please help, any advise would be much appreciated. (ps sorry is its rambling ive never written or talked about my smoking beyond mono-syllabic mumbles before) 

TLDR: cant quit....need help!   