Day 3 and Im struggling because everything in my life is falling apart, or at least thats how it feels.

I tried to quit three months ago, and I did fairly well in the beginning. Went two weeks without a smoke. But you know the story. One won't hurt. Only when Im drunk. Only when I've had a terrible day. I fell off the wagon and Im very ashamed of it.

Ive wanted to quit for a long time, Ive been smoking since I was 16 so almost 10 years. Im tired of being this person. I met an amazing guy who Im very much in love with, but the smoking was a deal breaker so I made the decision to quit. The problem is, Im not good in relationships, and I have pretty terrible general anxiety to begin with that is even worse when it comes to relationship stuff. So, when something about our relationship made me anxious, I would smoke. Because I don't know how to cope otherwise, its a skill I need to learn. I was honest with him about falling off the wagon and back into the habit then other night, because I believe honesty is more important than perfection. I am human and I make mistakes. He's understandably very upset with me, but I was honest about it because I wanted him to know I was really serious about it this time, because I am. I love him very much and I don't want to ruin something so great over something as stupid as cigarettes. I got the patches, I charged my ecig (which THAT will be the emergency relief, not a cigarette, as opposed to regular use) paid for a fancy quit smoking app, threw the rest of the pack and lighters out... the whole 9 yards. Im ready this time

That was monday. Yesterday, he didn't speak to me at all until giving me an ultimatum which I agreed to, I was already planning on seriously quitting before he gave it. He's been distant since. I failed the math portion of a college entrance exam, which Im trying to go back to school after a 3 years hiatus and Im feeling utterly overwhelmed and too stupid to go back. Just completely useless. Its giving me so much anxiety. I found out today that the transmission on my car needs to be replaced, after Ive sunk almost a grand into repairs for this car in the last 3 months. Its my first car, my first loan, my first adult purchase and I feel like Im getting fucked on it. I don't have 4k in the bank or in credit to repair it. Im a nanny for a toddler and I can't drive him around in it. I live in a huge city without public transit and I need a car. Im so so far in over my head and Im having a really hard time dealing. And my BF is still upset with me, which I understand and don't blame him for, but that is causing me anxiety on top of the school and car stuff. I had to ask my narcissistic abusive mother back home to help me pay for the car stuff, which just kills me to do because its another thing she has to dangle over my head. The baby will not take a nap and I need some quiet time where I can not think or cry. All Ive done today is cry and feel useless. Its just all come down at once.

Its day 3 and I don't know how to cope, but I haven't smoked and Im not going to. I just needed to get this off my chest to people who might understand, because I have very little in the way of support right now. 