Maybe my story will help others give up the cigs.

Several recent posts talk about how hard it is to quit, or why something seemingly so rational is so difficult to do.

I might have some insight - quitting was very hard for me. I'm in my 50's and I've smoked daily since I was a teen.  It tapered off about 15 years ago to just under a pack a day.

Why was it so hard? Because, as a teen in the '70s, smoking was cool, and it was a rite of passage in my family.  My older sister got a carton of cigs on her 18th birthday (legal smoking age then). I wanted one too, so bad - I had to get one to be an adult, a part of the family. And I did, when I turned 18.  So, I recently realized that smoking was something ingrained, part of who I am, because it was made to be something important during a very impressionable time in my life.  To quit would be like giving up my family - irrational, I know now, but the hooks were much deeper for me, and I really think that's the reason.

Once I began to understand this, it made it easier - much easier to stop. I didn't necessarily quit - didn't pick a day, didn't make plans to fill the time from smoking - I simply stopped buying them, stopped smoking the shorties in the ash tray, and now I have control over it that I never thought I would have.  The cravings are just the whimpering voice of my old self. They are easy to ignore now (e-cigs help with the physical side - getting nicotine and something to do with my hands when I take a break).

When the cravings get bad, to the point that I set down the e-cig and think about going out to pick up a pack, I do a breathing exercise, much like the one I'd do when smoking made it physically hard to breathe: stand over the sink, take deep breaths in through my nose, then "honk" - exhale short, hard, rapid breaths, which loosens up the 40 years of accumulated gunk. Cough that out in the sink, repeat until there's no more wheezing.  It's weird, but that activity brings me satisfaction like smoking a cigarette. 

I just wanted to put this out there for folks that are having a difficult time accepting that they're not smokers anymore.  Forty years of at least a pack a day, and now this is... my 6th day without, and I'm not even contemplating having another one.  For me, it's really amazing, I never thought I could quit without getting really depressed about it.

Thank you for reading - feel free to PM or message me if you want to talk about it. Damn, it sure is nice to take a deep breath without hacking and coughing.  Also, keep in mind I moved from sea level to 4800' in the Rockies a few years ago. The altitude change was really hard, but now that I've adjusted, I can't wait to get out hiking and camping in the clean mountain air without taking frequent "catch my breath" breaks.