What are you waiting for?

So, hi everyone.

I’ve been lurking around here for some weeks, till I finally took the decision of adding my experience that maybe will help someone else in turn to quit smoking, as all the previous posts helped me.

I’m turning 27 in a month, and I’ve been smoking a 20-pack (sometimes more) since I was 14. I’ve tried to quit so many times that I don’t even remember the exact number. Sometimes I lasted for a year or two, sometimes not even half a day, but after each long period I started to smoke again because of alcohol, because when drunk I simply couldn’t control myself.

Then, in the last months I’ve been going through a serious depression that made me spend entire days lying on my bed, always tired, without any reason for getting up. I was frustrated for being always so out of energies, and I couldn’t see a way out of that loop in which the more I was tired, the less things I was doing, the more I was getting frustrated and depressed, and so on.

I even spoke to some doctors and took some exams, but without any improvement in my whole situation.
Then, at some point I decided that I wanted all this to end, and I looked at the first and most immediate thing to do that I knew could help me to get out of the sea of crap I was swimming in: quitting with cigarettes.
In theory this is actually a very simple thing to do, because you actually just have to stop putting something in your mouth. Practically, we all know it depends on how addicted you are, what brings you to the decision, and the method you use for quitting, but something that always worked for me was Allen Carr’s book/video (you can even find it on youtube).

So, I choose a date on the calendar in which I knew that I would be commitment-free, and on that evening I sat in front of my laptop smoking one cigarette after the other, while watching Allen Carr video.
Right now, I’m celebrating a week smoke free (the badge isn’t correct, but that doesn’t really matter) in which I got to rediscover life. My smell and taste have incredibly improved, my skin is brighter, I’m so energetic that I sleep less than 5 hours per night and I have a lot of time for doing so many things. Day after day I’m surprised of how many things I can do and goals that I can achieve in less than 20 hours.
Some time ago I was an ultra-trail runner, and now I’m even training again to get in shape and run like I know I always wanted to.

Now think of what you’re losing because of your addiction. Don’t waste your time.