What it took for me after 25 years of pack-a-day smoking.

I could really say that I have been smoking since I was a fetus. My mom smoked when she was pregnant and both my parents were pack a day smokers when I was growing up.

I started smoking when I was 16, when it was legal for me to buy my own cigarettes. I continued to smoke more and more until I was a pack-a-day smoker by the time I was 20. A few times over the next 20 some years I had tried to quit, but was never successful. I tried the gum, I tried the patch, I tried the computer thing that you program with your cig usage for a week then it weens you off for a month. That computer thing is the closest I came to quitting as I was down to one cig per day, but then the battery died and I quickly got back to where I was. I tried the Ziban, I tried patches again....


Finally, I tried a vaporizer. I decided that rather than buy a carton of cigs for $120 that I would take that money and buy a vape unit and juice to get me through.

It worked for me. I started at 21 mg/mL for nicotine concentration and worked through some withdrawal issues as I got used to this level of nicotine. My resolve was thoroughly tested during an emergency situation at work where I was stressed right the fuck out. Holy smack did I want a cig, but I was determined not to slide back and I knew if I could make it through this one stressful situation, I would be able to handle anything.

I survived. I've bought many batteries and various vape units over the years just to ensure I always had my nicotine delivery unit charged and available. However, over that time I have also decreased the nicotine level of the juice that I bought.

From 21 mg/mL to 14 to 12, to 6 to 3 mg/mL. Then I started blending 3 mg/mL with 0 mg/mL and now for the last two weeks I have been on 0 mg/mL alone. 

**I am nicotine free for maybe the first time in my 45 year existence!** 

The next step to get rid of the vape should be easy, but I still feel the itch in wanting to grab for it and inhale something. I am glad, however, to know it is not nicotine that is driving that urge.

However you are quitting, hang in there! My buying that first vape and my determination to stick with it are some of the best decisions I have made. 