My father passed away this morning from Lung Cancer

My father, who had attempted to quit passed away this morning from lung cancer. He smoked 2 packs a day since he was 20, he was 51 when he passed. He used this sub-reddit for the last 2 years to try and quit. 


A man who was always quick to lend a helping hand, stepped into the role of caregiver for those closest to him and always had a meal ready when you wanted to visit. He loved rocky horror picture show, and guitar hero.


He made sure that I would continue pursuing my education, even when I wanted to quit time and time again. He was one of the first voices who pushed and told my brother to pursue his entrepreneurship dream at a time when he needed that voice. He stood strong and worked hard to help my youngest brother when he wanted to pursue the arts, even in the face of numerous difficulties. 


His biggest strength was in the way he showed my brothers and I to appreciate small things in life that often get lost along the way. Things like taking a little extra time to make food that much better, taking dogs for a walk, appreciating how fast life is moving and what amazing things were being discovered while still looking back with fondness of what came before. 


He was not a perfect man, and he would probably roll his eyes at me if I tried to make it seem like he was. He has a temper, he was irrational and he was so often late that we gave him the wrong times for events just to make sure he would show up. Faults that he never let stand in the way of the love he has for his family and his friends, nor stand in the way of making sure that he took care of those same family and friends. 


In his last days, as his life was leaving him, he mediated between my brother and I as our frustrations at the situation blew up repeatedly, he took care of his sister even as he himself was feeling ill from treatments. He took in two new additions to the family, Sahar who married my brother and Andrea, both of whom came to live with him for the last few months of his life. He visited his father for whom he was a caretaker and helped to set him up in a home, knowing he would not be able to take care of him any longer. He made sure that he helped calm our fears even as we wondered what would happen when he left. He pushed himself to cook for my mother still, help plan birthday and wedding celebrations and continued to give me life advice well into his final days. Final days that culminated in an Christmas in August celebration complete with a turkey dinner that he had wanted all summer, 2 days before he passed. 


This morning, surrounded by family, he passed peacefully after a battle with Cancer that went on much longer than any doctor thought was possible. Always a fighter he made sure he had enough time this summer to enjoy time with his children, his wife and reach out to friends both new and old. 


Thanks for all the laughs, the tears and the lessons Papa Gair.


To anyone still trying to quit this habit, do it not only for yourselves, but those who love you. The things he missed such as my eventual marriage, my children, his grand-children, and having a life with my mother after finally getting the kids out of the house were taken from him by a habit that he wished he could have kicked time and time again. I don't want to guilt anyone here, just perhaps give another glimpse, of which I am sure you have many, into the pain that is caused by this. 

My father
http://imgur.com/iWEhzEt