58 days smoke free - feel like I'm going to explode

I'm a 28 year old male, a smoker for 13 years and as the title says, I am currently 58 days smoke free. According to my quit smoking app it's 58.2 days, 582 cigarettes not smoked, $189.22 saved. My sense of taste has improved so much. I don't get so winded doing easy tasks. My circulation feels vastly improved. I'm also apparently a bloodhound because I can smell EVERYTHING now. 

I read a ton of guides on quitting. They talked about planning it, choosing a date, etc etc. Everything that I've read said that cravings would subside after a week and a half, to two weeks. At this point I am very much well past that, without so much as a puff. No nicotine patch or gum, no vaping. 

I've got a few friends who smoke, and I've been around them while they smoke (they always smoke downwind of people so that they're not blowing it in people's faces, and it's only been three times since Dec. 19th, so this isn't part of the problem) and the urge doesn't strike me to bum one from them. By all metrics I've "quit" and overcome the hardest parts.
 
However at day 58, I don't know how to explain it, but my cravings are more intense now than ever. The anger and agitation that peaked at day 3 never went away. I find myself screaming at people on the highway, where before I would just shake my head and mutter about them being an idiot. All day long I'm constantly thinking about getting a cigarette. Every gas station or Rite Aid I pass I have to grip the wheel and tell myself no repeatedly until I'm well past it. I'm more irritable than I've ever been in my entire life. All day long I want to punch people in the face for anything and everything. Their shirt is dumb. They walk too slow. Their hair is too brown. They exist. Any reason you can think of and I just want to punch them. 

I'm not sure what the issue is. Everyone I know who has successfully quit smoking said after two weeks they were golden and here I am two months later wanting to explode every minute of every day. Every day I wonder if it's going to be the day I relapse and just go chain smoke an entire pack. I'm not coming off any other addictions, I'm not getting massive amounts of second hand smoke that have impeded my progress. 

I've tried eating mints and chewing gum. Ever wonder what an entire pack of Altoids does to your stomach? It makes you fart and gives them a minty smell, honestly. I know this because I bought a pack of mints instead, and three hours later they were gone. I've tried doing pushups or walking around when I get an urge. Eventually it hurt to move my arms and chest muscles but I was still craving beyond all belief. I haven't been binge eating, but every once in a while I'll find myself pigging out non-stop. I know this has been a very wordy post, but I don't know how else to drive across the point of just how serious it is. Anyone else experienced things like this? What did you do to stay quit? 

I guess the possibility also exists that I've actually always been a raging asshole that is quick to anger and cigarettes have been keeping that at bay. 
