In a very bad place and need encouragement

Today I’m 2 months and 23 days cigarette free. I stopped using the patches 2 weeks ago so I’m now absolutely nicotine free. In the last few weeks, I’ve found that I’m very irritable but nothing I can’t get beyond. So I just arrived home after a long day of putting up with other people’s crap at the office. Sat down to the dinner table and told my parents that I was very glad to see them and that I’d had a long day. My dad asks when I’m going to see the doctor. I ask what for. He says that he thinks I should get a gastric band to control my weight. Now, he’s right. I am after putting up 12 kilos since I gave up smoking. And I know that what he was saying was coming from a place of love and care. But frankly, I don’t want to hear it. I’m aware of how fat I’ve gotten every time I look in the mirror. I stand on the scales every morning and see myself slowly gaining weight. I’m not sedentary. I get 30 minutes of exercise in every day since I quit and I still put up this weight. I feel like it’s hopeless and that the weight gain is inevitable. Before I quit, I used to say that I’m either going to die of a heart attack as a result of smoking or die of a heart attack as a result of obesity after giving up smoking. It really feels like I can do nothing to change that and that my family don’t understand how upsetting it is to be trying to get healthy and only getting fatter.  After the conversation with my dad, I threw my dinner in the bin in a fit of anger and went for a drive. I drove to the local shop. I wanted to buy a pack of cigarettes. I wanted to just say fuck it all and go back on the cigarettes, lose the 12 kilos I’ve gained and be at risk of a banger but at least not obese. I sat in my car for a solid 10 minutes fighting that urge before I turned the key in the ignition and drove off. Now I’m sitting in the car outside the gym, waiting for my Pilates class to start. I’m really really angry. I can’t be angry at dad. His concern is coming from a place of love. I can’t be angry at myself because this isn’t my fault. I’m not eating all around me, I’m exercising regularly, I’m doing everything and anything I can to offset weight gain and it’s not working. But I’m still angry and I need words of encouragement. Anyone. Please.