6 months free

I haven't read much or posted here before but I felt like I should give a few words of encouragement. 

I've been a non-smoker for 6 months now.

I used to be a pack-a-day smoker for five years, and tried to quit using different substitutes many times during those years. What finally worked was Allen Carrs book which I think this sub is familiar with.

It wasn't even the first time reading that book but it finally clicked. I had been trying to quit using patches, snus before that, vaping before that, but in the end none of those worked because they didn't address the underlying addiction. As new-agey as it sounds, what I needed was a change in the way I was thinking about smoking and the book provided just that, breaking down all the false ideas I had about smoking one by one. 

And as it promised quitting smoking felt great. For the first days I felt really weird and whenever I felt an urge to smoke an involuntary grin crossed my face because I knew I would never have light up again. It felt great.

Now I'll admit I've smoked twice since May, once in June, once in July, both times while drunk, but while I did feel disappointed both times the next day, it wasn't hard to stay a non-smoker.


I can't even imagine smoking a pack a day anymore! It sounds ridiculous I know, but these days I don't even think about smoking, I'll get 1-2 second cravings maybe once a week but they're so weak I can just brush them aside. 

There were times during my smoking days when I felt I would never quit but the EasyWay approach worked really well for me. I recommend reading the book and being really open-minded about it. I even wasn't in a particularly stable position in my life at the time, there was lots of stress and pressure at work, I was doing overtime and deadlines were closing in and I was failing my uni courses at the time, but thanks to Carr I realized that smoking isn't helping with either of those things in any way.

So good luck to all who are freeing themselves (because quitting isn't the right word)

