Saw this sub being promoted in r/pics due to the recent CVS business decision, and I wanted to encourage you all

I'm at day 1421, just a month or so shy of 4 years.  I smoked from the time I was 15 until just before my 24th birthday, so a bit over 8 years.  I hid it from my parents, who are still smokers to this day, for years, but eventually did it openly and it was accepted because my whole family smoked.  I never dated smokers, but all my friends were smokers.  

Around age 22, I started to gag occasionally when lighting up.  I stomached this sensation for over a year.  I started to notice my fingers always smelling like smoke and my car being very musky.  

No one told me to stop smoking, not even the non-smoker I was dating at the time.  I'm in the military, and I would get yearly check-ups from doctors, and none of them ever told me to quit.  Everyone half-assed some literature into my hands if I gave the inclination that I was thinking about quitting, but no one really gave a shit.

And this brings me to a point.  No one is going to hold your hand.  No one is going to hold a gun to your head and make you put out that cigarette.  Sure, maybe some people won't hang out with you as much, but I don't know anyone that openly just ignores all smokers specifically because they smoke.  People, including your friends and family, will literally just let you smoke until you die.  

If you quit, it's because YOU want to quit.  **You** have to decide when it's time and why you quit.  Sure, you can ask for help, because it's seriously freaking hard, but only *you* are in control of ditching this stupid addiction.

It's been one THOUSAND, four HUNDRED, twenty-one days, and I *still* think about what it would be like to just go grab a pack and light one up.  You just have to be in control and you can get over it.

Good luck, fellow non-smokers.  Enjoy the extra months and years you just added back to your life, and those thousands of dollars you're going to save by not smoking.  You're awesome! 