One year off, thanks to Alenn's Carr Audiobook.

This day a year ago I had just finished the E.W.T.Q.S. Audiobook that took me 4-5 hourly walks in about a week, and I was holding my last one in my hand (If you read the book you would know what I am talking about), trying to cope with the fact that this would be my last cigarette and after that no more. A couple of hours had passed and I couldn't light it. But I was there. Ready. Lighter and ashtray in place for my last cigarette. A couple more hours had passed and I still hadn't light it. 

All this time I was thinking to get up and leave, but deep inside I wanted to do that. Light up that cigarette and quit smoking. Also I couldn't eat and I was feeling dizzy. It was like the room was spinning and I had to rest my head because of it. This was a new kind of dizziness. I was  in new territories now, but I was feeling excited for this change and feeling ready. Then, at one point, It was around 2-3 am, I light that cigarette.... It was like I had sucked dust through a straw. It was awful. I stood there with that thing in my hand for a couple of moments and I finally put it out in the ashtray and I went to sleep. 

The next few days were peaceful. I was feeling a mild dizziness and eating lots of fruit, some candy, and I had to drink lots of juices and water. I was feeling good though. And I was feeling confident. To cope with the change I started to frequently take long walks. This helped a lot. For he next couple of weeks I had to prepare for exams and I had to present my thesis. But I was alright. Nothing bothered me and I started to see all this like something cool. I had quit smoking and I felt cool. Actually I felt like a Bad Ass.

Fast forward a year: All my friends still smoke. I don't get bothered about it but I hate the smell of my clothes after being in the same room with them. I don't go out so much now (I believe this is positive) but when I do I have a blast. Not smoking while I go out with friends (I come from a country where people still smoke in bars and in public) is so much relaxing. Not being dependent in something makes you feel free. Also my family is happy because I was the only one smoking and I used to stain the place up with smoke constantly. 

This was overall the best decision of my life and I actually have to thank Reddit for it. There was a post a little more than a year ago in the front page about great books or audiobooks (can't recall) and someone mentioned Alenn's Carr book and how good and efficient it was. Given that I was already thinking about quitting and how useless it was (there were times where I would light one up and I would immediately question my self about that decision), so I gave the book a try and here I am :). Also, I would like to thank /r/stopsmoking for it's support and it's people. Reading other peoples success stories and their methodology helped a lot. 

Local time after writing this post and before pressing Submit : 2:21 am. It's a year alright ! Keep it up people. You are Bad Asses! Let's go for the second one !! Cheers !