So, I read the EASY WAY. Immediately had no doubt in my mind I could quit. I hit a zenith last night after I finished my final cigarette. Today is day one and I feel high. Is this normal? Why do I feel high?

Title says it all. Been a smoker for a little over one year. Tried quitting several times using the "willpower" method, which sucks. Read Allen Carr's EASY WAY to quit smoking in one sitting last night and it clicked. It clicked by page 40, but I read on to make sure. That night, I went for a nice drive for my final cigarette since I loved chilling out to the music. I immediately felt emotional. I put on Blue Ridge Mountains by Fleet Foxes and started screaming out the windows with untouchable glee. I never get very loud, but I couldn't help it. It's like everything in the world made sense at that very moment, and that smoking was most definitely not going to control me. I felt free! It was amazing and I only wish I could put it into words.

Anyways, so today begins fairly early since I had to go help my dad move some things from out of storage. I woke up feeling absolutely great with only getting such little sleep (around 5 hours). The day continued and while moving boxes I never once complained, never once felt like this sucked (I'm 19 so I'm still a bit angst-y). I just felt... happy. Truly happy. Later in the day I went for another drive. This was the test. I loved driving and smoking and chilling out to the music, so I wanted to see how difficult it would be. I start the car with a smile creeping up on my face. I hit play on the iPod and just drove. I drove for one hour. Never once did I want a cigarette. Not once. But I felt something else. Something I hadn't felt in a very long time. This stupid grin was on my face the entire time driving. Everything was brighter, the sounds were crisper, and the time just melted away. Everything seemed to be moving so slowly and yet so lively. I don't know what this is /r/stopsmoking, but I can very much say that I am no longer a smoker. That chapter of my life ended as soon as the cigarette drifted away from the grasps of my fingers last night. 

I hope I'm not the only one. Maybe I'm just crazy. Could it be that the dopamine in my mind was producing at rapid speed to create endorphins that would then in turn strengthen the actions I was making to finally break away from the poison? I just don't know, and frankly don't even care. I'm just happy... soooo so happy. And I hope that you can say the same some day. And I highly HIGHLY recommend reading Allen Carr's EASY WAY. It's simple, it really is :D