~1 year smoke free~ I did it! After being a smoker for over 20 years I quit smoking thanks to Allen Carr's book. I'm so happy!

Today marks the day, 1 year ago, when I read Allen Carr's book the Easy way to stop smoking. 

I can't believe this is my first year as a non-smoker. I'm so happy I did it! To be honest I feel there's no merit on my part because I just read the book and it was as if a fairy godmother had touched me with her magic wand and suddenly made me a non-smoker.

I had that book sitting on a shelf for a good 20 years and never thought of reading it because I thought if it was so effective, nobody would use nicotine patches or other solutions. but I ended up reading it and I quit on the spot. 

I went from smoking between 1 packed of smokes to a packet and a half or two on stressful days to quitting cold turkey on the spot. I didn't have any withdrawal symptoms, any cravings, didn't sap cigarettes for candy or gums... I just read it and stopped being a smoker by the time I finished the book.

It can get boring and monotonous at times and I can only compare it to an intense hypnosis or brainwashing session. I must say though, that it breaks down perfectly why we smoke, he exposes all the reasons and debunks the myths. It's like reading you gives you a kind of enlightenment into your habit.

I don't know how it works, but it did. He 'cured' me in the 3 hours it took me to read his book. I had tried to quit so many times before and I never lasted more than a day. You know how it goes.  And suddenly I read that book and find myself not needing to smoke anymore.

There's been nothing but improvements in my life since then. My teeth and skin have improved, I've stopped coughing and snoring, I run better and feel healthier, I don't get so out of breath easily. I can have a coffee or beer without *having*  to smoke a cigarette. 

It wasn't hard. I know it's not like this for people who've read the book. I've heard many stories like mine but also a bunch where the effects of the book weren't as radical as mine.One of my friends read it and while it helped him, he still kept smoking combining it with nicotine gum quit. For other the book does nothing.

But what it did for me was save my life, literally giving me years of life and freeing me for smoking so much. Not to mention the amount of money I've saved. I also noticed now I can't even stand in the same room as a smoker. Since quitting I regained my sense of smell (wow, who knew there were so many smells!) and now standing next to a smoker disgusted me to no end. It's like something changed in my brain and while before I longed for that smell, now I find it very upsetting and foul, so much that I can't even stand next to someone who reeks of cigarettes. 

What shocked me the most though, was that I always wanted to quit but never could, and I used look at non-smokers with envy wishing how I'd like to quit too and thinking I'd never get to be *one of those people who can quit*, but now here I am! And it's been 1 year!!

I'm not exaggerating if I say I feel much more excited about today than about my own birthday. The 28th of march is a day I will celebrate and cherish forever because it was the day Allen Carr saved my life.

As a side note I'd like to say I think it'd be very useful to link to Allen Carr's book on the sidebar for people to read it online. This book is saving lives, all it takes is about 3 hours for you to find out if it can help you too.