Over one year smoke free!!!

I smoked for 12 years but the last few years I smoked A LOT like 2 packs a day. My husband was also a smoker. 

We decided to extend our family and make a mini version of us, so we quit. 

We called the hotline and the lady there helped us a lot. She knew when to be nice and caring and when to be a badass controller. 

September last year I called her to let her know that we are still smoke free and thanked her. I am planning on calling her every year for as long as she works there. 

--------------TW alert ----------------

But it wasn't always easy, especially for me. Trying to quit and having a mental illness at the same time is hard. 

Getting suicidal at the weak moments is hard. (Thank God there is a hotline for that, too). 

Comparing this time to all the other times I relapsed is hard. 

Trying to stay on track with all this going on is HARD. 

-----------------TW end----------------

But stay on track and you will be rewarded. 

Yes, the will to light up a cigarette will reduce within time but it won't go away completely. It will get easier with time but be careful on 2 things: 

1. Everything you do for the first time as a non-smoker. 

2. Big triggers (loss of a family member, etc) 

Pass these events without smoking and you will be rewarded. 

Use nicotine products if you want to go down that path. It is worth it. I promise. But be careful each time you reduce the dosage and whine to the hotline, family, friends if necessary. But stay on track. It gets easier. 

Do something instead of smoking each time you feel like it. Mine were (some of them still are): 

Chewing gum (easiest fix - have it with you all the time)

Doing sports (pick a time when you are most prone to smoking and do sports then. We went on long walks with my husband at night)

(These two are also the best remedy for weight gain after stopping smoking btw.)

Replace the best friends (instead of smoking with your morning coffee, eat a small piece of chocolate. Dip it nice and long in your coffee and suck it. Enjoy it more than you did your cigarettes. This is important to make new connections in the brain) 

Go easy on drinking because it is very easy to start justifying smoking "just this once" under the influence of/with alcohol. Control yourself 10× more when drinking. 

Don't smoke anything else. It's a good thing "anything else" can be found as oil drops, cooked, etc. 

Be proud of yourself and brag. The more people you let in on this, the less likely you will relapse. And don't forget if you start smoking secretly, non-smokers have noses that are able to detect the smell you believe you're not giving off. 

If you need help I'm here, too. 

Good luck out there :)




