Guys I really need help. Sorry in advance if the post is long

It's been awhile since I posted here, but I'm at a point in my life where I need a little extra help. I need to quit smoking. I hate that about myself. In fact, I hate who I am, and it to perfectly honest, I feel I need to make some serious life changes to continue living. 

Here's some backstory. 

My ex-husband and I separated in 2015. He was moving to Virginia to live with his parents and we had to figure out what to do for custody. I looked at all possible options to keep my daughter here with me in Colorado, but I realized I couldn't give her the life she deserved and I felt she would be better off with my ex-husband and his parents in Virginia. Apart from lying for seven years (a huge lie that his parents don't even know about), my ex is a wonderful father and his parents have always been more involved than mine. I miss her all the time, and the pain of her not living with me and not being able to see her grow absolutely kills me. Every single day. I didn't even know pain like this actually existed. Every time I have visited her, I have tried to find a place to live in VA, but I can't bring myself to move. I don't want to live in northern VA. 

Since I'm not willing to move, I decided to go back to school in January 2017 and have failed my two semesters. I am a perfectionist and used to be a phenomenal student. I have dealt with a breakup from an alcoholic narcissist these last seven months and it has been horrible. It took everything I had to leave. That's part of the reason why I've failed my first two semesters back, but I've also realized that I'm afraid to fail so I haven't been putting in the same effort I used to in school, because I feel like I've failed most things I've done in my life. I failed as a wife, as a mother, as a student, and now I feel like I'm failing as a person. 

I am trying to re-evaluate my life and make some changes because I realized that if I don't, I'm going to hate myself. I think my motivational drive is still there. I still have aspirations and dreams, but they're broken into pieces that don't seem to fit right now. I think the first piece of my puzzle has to be quitting smoking. I don't even know why I'm posting this here. I'm sorry if this is was too much for anyone reading this. I guess I'm just looking for some encouragement. I really need and want to quit, but just need help taking the first few steps. 

If you've made it to the bottom of this post, thank you so much for taking the time to read it. 