First post here: 100 days without smoking, and it's all thanks to Allen Carr's Easy Way to Quit Smoking (READ IT!)

Disclaimer: this post will contain bragging, and it's not going to be even a little bit humble.

It has been 100 Days, 7 Hours, and 41 Minutes since I've smoked a cigarette. According to an awesome little app on my phone (Cessation Nation), I've saved $326 dollars. I didn't smoke over 1000 cigarettes (Marlboro Reds) that I would have otherwise, and not going on all those smoke breaks has given me back 4 Days, 7 Hours, and 41 Minutes of my life.

No substitutes this time either (gum, patch, etc.). I've been drunk, sad, and stressed and everything else, but I still haven't smoked. I even had a pack of cigarettes in my pocket the entire time with 17 cigarettes left. They're pretty stale and mostly crumbled now. I wanted to hold onto them so I'd never impulsively accept even a freely offered smoke. It was my little reminder that I could smoke any time I wanted to--I just didn't want to. 

I've quit several times before, including once for 3 months, once for 6 months, and once for a whole year before I relapsed, but it's never been as easy as it was this time. I never even came close. I'll never be a smoker again, and I'll never even want to.

I owe it to a book, Allen Carr's Easy Way to Stop Smoking (Google it), and I'm sorry but I'm going to promote the shit out of it because I owe this to Allen Carr, and to all my friends and family who still want to quit smoking. 

I know that the title sounds cheesy, and the book really is pretty cheesy, but it's also totally legitimate. It's not another program telling you why you shouldn't smoke. You already know why you shouldn't smoke, everyone does. It goes through every rationalization you've come up with for why you do smoke and tears them to pieces one by one until you just feel like a damn fool. It's embarrassing more than anything because he calls you out for all your bullshit. He actually says not to quit smoking until you finish the book, but halfway through I couldn't smoke even one more, even when I was trying to. 

That's the big difference: once you see the self-deluding drug addict you've become it's no longer about willpower, or fighting the desire day in and day out for the rest of your life. Even deep down in your subconscious desires, you still don't want even one more cigarette.

Anyway, I had to spread the word. If you smoke and you're ready to quit, read this book. I quit on November 18th at 3 PM.