My experience with quitting smoking and some advice for those who relapse (mildly long post)

Hello everybody! 

I first visited this subreddit when I quit about 495 days ago. Prior to that event I had been smoking on average a half pack to a pack a day, on and off, for about 5 years. I remember making a conscious effort to understand how much I hated the way I felt, smelled, and looked every time I woke up and looked at myself in the mirror. I began to exercise 4-5 days a week while eating healthy and I lost about 20 pounds. 

It felt good. Every day I was able to run about 4 miles total on the treadmill and I was happier as a result without having to resort to smoking as a stress reliever. I studied hard for the LSAT, received a good score, and got into the school I wanted to attend.

I knew that law school would be stressful and I struggled at first to cope with the long hours of studying and the constant stress I subjected myself to as part of my education. But I relapsed. In my mind I knew that I was going to do it simply because I believed I needed it in order to relieve my stress. Sadly, I stopped exercising and increased my coffee and cigarette intake while unconsciously chain smoking.

Today, I made the same rationalizations and same promise to myself to quit smoking. So far, I haven't smoked for a week and I've been using a patch to help me continue to do so. The urges still come and go, but on my breaks on which I would usually smoke I read articles about the benefits of quitting smoking as well as all the adverse affects that accompany the worst and most addictive habit I have ever picked up in my life.

If you're with me so far, I only have some advice that I can pass on to all of you current smokers, or those thinking of quitting, and those who are wary of relapsing: Cigarettes do not help you relax. Think of how many cigarettes you've smoked that have actually given you that lightheaded feeling and sense of peace that often motivates you to grab that pack and light up outside. I can't think how many times I had smoked a pack and thought to myself, "I pretty much got nothing out of those cigarettes, and it cost me 5 dollars...". You may think you are relaxing but it is actually your body receiving the nicotine it sorely craves.

The other important advice I can give you is to think about what triggers your smoking. For me, it was stress, or at least the idea of it. But I realized that stress will always be present in our lives and that everybody has to deal with it in their own way. This may not be so pertinent to those who actually enjoy smoking, but the reasoning is the same. When you sit down and actually think of why you smoke, and what benefits you actually receive from it, only then can you begin to tackle the mental and psychological aspects of quitting smoking. Your body only craves the cigarettes because you've pumped it full of nicotine but it is either your active or unconscious thoughts that continue to feed that addiction.

Thanks for reading my long post! I'm not here for comments or upvotes but only to share my experience and to give some motivation to those who have to deal with this awful addiction that millions struggle with. Quitting smoking means having to learn how to live life without a cigarette in your hands. You lived before without it, and if you want it enough, you can do it again. Good luck!