[HELP!] My mother(55) is stopping with smoking, I need to understand it, I need techniques from all of you, ex-smokers. This time, I am the her biggest support from my family side.

Good evening everyone...


English is my second language, pardon any error. This will be very difficult for me.


My mother(55) decided (after like 5 attempts) to stop smoking. All previous attempts were when I was kid/much younger, so I wasn't full support for her, neither I did understand the struggles or the how difficult fight it is. As I grew older (I'm 24), I feel much more mature and I need to understand the issue fully, so I can give her the needed support. One month ago I was talking with her in car, and I told her about clinics (everytime she tried on her own, not with any professional support), how it's paid by the state, how they don't argue with her (family or friends might argue, as they don't understand fully the problem and they are not professionals), how they can support her, give her professional advices, etc etc... As I don't smoke, but i fought alcohol consumption, I can relatively say I know how difficult it is to fight bad habit(alcohol), but I can't fully understand smoking, as I dont smoke myself. I NEED YOU, BECAUSE MY MOTHER NEEDS ME.


1) I am in sub /r/stopdrinking for very long time, as I am trying to combat alcohol consumption myself (I used to drink everyday at university, now I drink once per month maximum, as I'm tracking it in app). And I am much more prouder of myself than before, but I also know many struggles which you fight during this combat againts alcohol. So I feel I am able to understand with fighting with bad and dangerous habbit. I don't smoke, so I can't fully understand her situation. This is why i need you, ex-smokers.


2) I was never subbed to this sub, so I dont know any struggler which you guyz are having while trying to stop smoking. I am not fighting smoke habit myself, so I just subbed here.


3) I need to know some good techniques how to "make it". What strugglers as smoker you can experience? How does the abstinence feel? How long it takes? Whats the critical time - 1 week? 2 weeks? Half a year?
- What time frame is the most important to call her, support her?
- What should we discuss? Her feelings? 


4) I already found one good idea, to cut straw on small pieces long as cigarette, to fight the brain of the "smoking" habbit. (When pacient gets leg amputation, the brain has strong neuron connections, so the leg, even if there is none, can scratch. Doctors usualy fight this as this: they sit behind the pacient, put their own leg near them and tell the pacient to scratch the leg), = it usualy works and the leg stop tickling. Brain is wonderful thing.
- Any different ideas?

5) She was at the clinics yesterday, she called me today. They described her some medicine (Champix). They made some strattegy how to do it, they made some suggetions, they monitored her health, if she has any allergies, etc... all the professional stuff

6) I have 2 friends (pair) which smoke. They once tried to stop smoking, and after just 1 week they started smoking again. When I talked to them individualy, they told me how grumpy they were on each other. Both my parrens smoke, I feel they might be grumpy on each other(and started again), but I fully understand this, as they might have very bad mood, as the brain does not receive nicotin, and does not deploy serotonin and melotonin. It's all chemistry, but If I will understand the issue, I might help her.


Please don't forget I'm not professional, she is already having professional, but I am family, and I would love to give her as much support as possible, which I think she will need as soon as possible.

She used to smoke everyday, from morning to late evening. She never said how much, but from my experience atleast pack, maybe pack and half a day. She is 55y old, smokes since maybe 16y old. Both my parrens smoke and live together. I never smoked, I used to as kid, but I didnt like it. My mother smoked (but she says she reduced it) while she was pregnant. 

About me and why I might understand (but not fully) her fight: I smoke marihuana once per month or two, sometimes it's cut with tobacco (if my friend cuts it with tobacco). I do drink alcohol, but I reduced the amount a lot. I once tried cocaine, and I'm so glad we didn't have anymore, very psychic dependence and thinking next morning.

Thank you, thank you and thank you again!