Quitting Has become a true social challenge.

So I'm bored at work so lets share my Quitting experience and how I have reached the title.

I'm 23, from the Dominican Rep, booth parents where smokers, and family owns a cigar club and factory, always around the "Caribbean vibe of run and tobacco", I'm from A coastal city, heavily influenced by tourism and it is part of my reality. A true bohemian I have to admit. 

However I started smoking at 19, since I never rushed myself into bad behaviors (until 19 lol). It started as normal, smoking at raves on the beach, parties and etc, it turned myself quickly into a smoker since the stigma of smoking was well accepted on my social group and its just part of the "experience". 

Marlboro reds where like my go to friend whenever i needed a break and I have to admit I actually liked the action of smoking a cigarette, however it came to a point where I no longer could avoid the trashy body feeling,  the social reactions of my close friends and family, everything about smoking started to just appear as bad as it really is a good dam addiction to one of the more reachable and intense drugs. So I purchased a smoke NOVO, with Nicotine salts to start to "slowly" quitting, I have lied to myself many times but that was the best lie I ever said, I ended up abusing the novo like crazy and  I continue to smoke 10-15 reds a day, in only 3 days i realized I was poisoned with nicotine (yes) i was literally clinical diagnosed with nicotine poison, and after it was just a yes yes scenario, i never locked back and stopped ingesting nicotine all.

I Smoked from Feb 2016 till Jan 2019, been dealing with my own demons with another perspective after the "Caribbean vibe" has really take a toll on me, it's quite bad because I had a Spine surgery /bone infusion implants and currently had them, and if you do your research smoking does interfere with the bone infusion of your body, and I'm pretty sure iI have abused myself 80% of my increase on back pain, which i live with. however after 55 days totally clean of nicotine i had come to the conclusion.

The social stigma of a "cigarette" it's really a big problem in this whole battle against it, It's really concerning when you notice how many people actually smoke, how many people is hook with something that gives them nicotine, and even worst is when kids gets exposed to nicotine products. "there is a big difference in having a Juul to quite smoking, than starting to get nicotine through a juul".

just wanted to share my experience so far,  I started to join this type of subreddits this year and have to admit that they are a great way to cope with the pressure, to everybody there trying to quite I would advise you to not rush into something you dont know, even if its going to be good for you, do your research, learn from yourself and find your inner balance, once you do understand why and how quitting can be a great experience. 

&amp;#x200B;

Feel free to ask me anything, Thanks for reading ! =) 