I rarely think about nicotine anymore, and I honestly think quitting was the best thing I ever did for myself.

I'm about 3 months clean now, and I know I will NEVER touch nicotine again.  I fell into the "one more won't hurt, I can handle it" trap a few times, even went about 6 months once before I fell back in, but this time there is zero uncertainty.  The thought of another cigarette or another bit of nicotine is horrifying and sickening to me. 

I quit smoking cigarettes probably 2 and a half years ago, and it was brutal, but I managed to get through it by using a vape. I started selling them at my store, so that I could both have the option around and to hopefully help others. 

Over time though, my nicotine intake with vapes was higher than it ever was with cigarettes, and now I could puff anytime I wanted, inside, outside, anywhere.  It didn't smell. It was silent.  Family and friends had no idea I even had a major addiction.  I knew I had to stop, but didn't know how. 

In the end, it was lozenges and gum that saved me.  That, and a trip to Disney World with my girlfriend during food and wine festival.  The NRTs took away the instant gratification, and the trip to Disney was my first 24 hours without nicotine.  I swear I ate soooo much that day though.  I spent like $70 on random food throughout the day!  

I don't know exactly why I'm writing this, other than to let those who can't quite get the hang of quitting, or who have failed multiple times before, or relapsed after long periods, that eventually a time comes where it'll be for good.  You'll get to a point where nothing in the world could make you smoke again willingly. 


 I know the cravings will probably never go away.  It's like a mental scar we carry.  Our monkey brains will always kind of desire that kick.  But as long as we don't give in, that scar stays small.  Just a reminder to not give in so easily.


I have never been happier about something I've done for myself, now that a few months have passed.  Next goal is to lose all the damn weight I put on after quitting. 

