Just spent some time revisiting /r/electronic_cigarette... (some hard-won observations and realizations at 197 days!)

...and boy are those poor bastards hopelessly addicted to nicotine.

I went back because I read an article about the success of a certain new disposable e-cigarette that apparently is much more like a real cigarette than any previous iteration, squishy filter and all, and I wanted to read some reviews.

Reading the comments made me realize all of the non-health-related things I don't miss about smoking and had pretty much forgotten about:  Obsession, time, anxiety about running out, MONEY, the list goes on and on.  Remember all those times you ran out of smokes and it was too late/you were too drunk to go to the store?  What about how messed up your digestion was?  Good on these folks for lessening the harm to themselves, but they are still in the throes of their addiction.

I did use an e-cig for a couple weeks before I got fed up with that, too.  Too much crap to constantly be fucking with, charging batteries, new juice flavors, what a drag that shit is - it's a bigger monkey than regular cigarettes.

I realized that I don't care how much a new e-cig approximates a real one.  I DON'T WANT TO SMOKE CIGARETTES ANYMORE, NOT EVEN FAKE ONES, and here are some reasons why:

*  I feel smarter now that I've quit.  Part of my brain/consciousness/body/whatever was *constantly* thinking about when I was going to get nicotine again.  I was wasting a lot of mental energy that would have otherwise gone towards constructive things without even knowing it.  I can be in the moment now.  I'm funny and quick on my feet again.  I got my brain back!

*  I can deal with unpleasantries without freaking out and needing to withdraw and go smoke.

*  I'm much more productive.  I'm a musician and my practice/writing sessions are so much more fruitful now that I don't have to take a break every so often to get more nicotine.  Sustained creativity beats interrupted creativity every time!

*  I feel like I can accomplish anything.  Seriously.  I quit smoking?  I can fucking CLIMB A MOUNTAIN BRO FUCK YEAH.

*  I drink less.  At first it was because the cravings were so bad when I drank, but more and more I'm just starting to notice how shitty *that* makes me feel, and I'm truly starting to value everyday FEELING GOOD more than partying.  Part of this process has been re-shaping my identity away from someone who thrived on beer and cigarettes.  I was pretty awesome, but I think I can be even more awesome with a little temperance.  

And of course there are all of the other physical benefits, but I really could not have anticipated the side effects I just described.  This subreddit has been indescribably valuable and helpful to me over the last 6+ months - just seeing the titles of your posts in my feed is all it takes most of the time as a reminder to keep it up.  I have a much harder time squashing my cravings for ice cream than I do cigarettes.  :)  Thank you all for helping me get on the path towards FREEDOM!!!
 