How Quitting Made Me Loose 30kg (66lbs)

I kind of feel the need to share this story. It think it's going to be half bragging/half motivation for others in my situation and people in fear of gaining weight after quitting.

So, a year ago I was sick. I mean, I felt "fine", but I was 26 years old, I had smoked for 11 years, drank regulairly, ate like a fucking McDonalds-dumpster, of course consequently I was grossly obese, my skin was grey as ash, my mind was noticably getting slower and duller by the month. If I went to the doctor they probably wouldn't have found anything in particular that needed accute treatment, but now I see, I was sick.

At the beginning of May 2016 I attempted to quit for the first time. About 6 weeks in the semester ended and sureley enough, I had some "celebration cigarettes" for making it through the academic year and that got me hooked again. I never fully returned to my old numbers of well over a pack a day, but still, I went back to being a full blown smoker again.

On November 5th I have finally had enough and quit cold turkey. I had two relapses, one on December 21st and one on February 6th, but thankfully, those didn't make me go back, quite the opposite actually, they disgusted me.

So during all that time when I didn't smoke I came to enjoy all the positive effects quitting had on my body and mind. My body and I used to keep a cool wary distance from one another with a relaxed "live and let live"-attitude. I was one of those people who never look in the mirror when naked and ignores all the signs the body might send.

Now it was different though, I saw my skin getting a healthier complexion, breathing was easier, my hair got better and fuller, it was amazing. So after about 2 months (starting in November, so January) I was hooked on those positive effects. Looking myself in the mirror and seeing what my iron will and discipline accomplished for my appearance.

I was hooked on that feeling of accomplishment and on the other hand, since I felt like not smoking was becoming easier and easier, I felt kind of bored with it. So at that time I was about 118kg (260lbs) at 183cm (6ft). Not TV-material fat, but still well into class 3 obese.

Naturally I thought that sticking to a healthy diet was my next project of discipline and self-control, something that I evidently lacked my whole life, up until this point. So now, almost 8 month into my quitting journey, I am not only smoke free, but as of today also 30kg (66lbs) lighter than before, I have the discipline to hit the gym (in my case it's a "box") 4-5 times a week and I am enjoying the results in the mirror every day. I feel like quitting smoking has not only had all the obvious positive effects on my life, but it also built my character, built my discipline and established a close relationship between my mind, body and soul.

So if you are scared that you might gain weight after quitting and you are already obese then let me tell you: You might gain a little weight initially (I did, about 8kg), but you will establish a whole new relationship with your body and an iron will. Sticking to a healthy diet and subsequently loosing weight will seem like childs play, once you have conquered discipline forged in the fires of nicotine addiction.

**TL;DR** I was so proud of being disciplined enough to quit smoking, that I got hooked on being disciplined. Started sticking to a healthy diet and a somewhat rigorous workout plan.