Y U No Smoke?

Hi everyone,

I just hit my 90 day, 3 month mark, so I thought I'd write my first post. 

It would be cool if some of you who recently quit could check in. I wanted to connect with anyone who has recently started and are in the 1-6 months range of being nicotine free. 

1. What pushed you and kept to quit this time?
2. What is your top technique to manage cravings?
3. What triggers have you faced and cleared? Explain the feeling.
4. What are some new things you've started since quitting.

Here are mine:

1. I have always wanted and tried to quit smoking but always stumble during an event such as Vegas or drinking and just one cigarette puts me back into the cycle. You kind of make excuses at that point and it sneaks back in. I was on ecigs and started doing that in addition to smoking at the same time. My cigarette breaks were 30 minutes and I would vape during my entire commute to work. I knew and sensed this was not a good thing. Luckily, I visited my wife while she was working and heard a speaker who loss his voice box due to cancer and smoking. It hit hard but not enough to quit. Finally, on 1/7/14 I got hit with a very bad flu. I used the feeling and imagined myself as a 60-70 year old man feeling that way everyday due to smoking. So I stopped smoking and vaping to the surprise of many friends and coworkers. I am one who does not beleive vaping is a permanent solution because "you can't quit nicotine, with nicotine." 

2. My best technique is putting a huge weight on one cigarettes. One cigarette means a lifetime of smoking. I calculated how much it would cost to smoke until my 70's. It was somewhere more than 100k and I was taking a guess at inflation. 

3. Some accomplishments I've cleared: drinking with friends, very big and esclated arguments with my wife, some very stressfultimes at work including getting a new demanding boss, long boring and dragging days at the office, and some people who tested me by offering and putting a cigarette to my face. 

4. My post would be huge if I listed everything. I might come back and write this later. Basically I have started many new things including working out, writing, reading motivational things, spending time with friends and family while not dealing with withdrawal, outdoor activities, etc etc etc.

Thanks,
