I love smoking...

hi All, my 1st reddit post. I quit 2 months ago after almost 20 years of 15 roll-ups per day. I've been reading this sub and it helped me up to stay away from smokes. Thanks for this.

After 2 months things start looking brighter so I thought I'd share my experience. I love smoking. I love the zen-like, mindful, meditative and stimulating act of smoking, the pause, the reflection, the time for myself. I guess this is a combined result of the nicotine stimulation, dopamine release and the calming effect of the breath-in-and-out exercise (someone called it a "dirty pranayama"). I find it a very unique experience and I miss it big time. Due to this I've never bought the Allen Carr-like ideas that cigarettes don't give you anything and you lose nothing by quitting. I do feel that by quitting I've lost something very tangible.

So why did I quit? Three reasons - 
1: Health - I guess this is clear - sadly, the smoke resulting from the combustion of tobocco or tobocco juice (if you chew on your cigar or dip) are toxic. So sooner or later if you continue it will, depending on your luck, either kill you, make your life misrabale or introduce some level of disconfort. 

2: Clash with my lifestyle - there are things I do like yoga, swimming or freediving which don't really fit with smoking. Breathing is critical for all these activities and inhalation of toxins felt wrong in this context; as if it was canceling all the benefits of anything else. Similarly, what's the point of having a healthy meal if it is concluded with a smoke?

3: "Useless cigarettes" - I guess every regular cigarette smoker realities sooner or later that the number of the zen/ mindful cigarettes is very low comparing to all the other "useless" cigarettes smoked in the cold, in a hurry, w/o thinking, while having cold etc. I wish I could only smoke 2 cigarettes per week with my Sunday morning coffee!

These 3 reasons made me to quit despite of my love to cigarettes. So if you feel like me - you can do this and do give it a go. It is different on this side- sort of calmer and I start enjoying it. Good luck!