Accidentally began to stop smoking

I partied hard on Saturday night and passed out at my friends place. In the morning my pack was obviously empty so I grabbed a cigarette from my friends pack and smoked it walking home. There were a few convenience stores on the way and I thought about getting a pack, but I felt pretty gross and figured I'd head back out when a craving hit.

Shockingly that moment never truly hit, maybe as a result of the hangover I was feeling and whatever else was on my mind. 

When I went to lay down for bed, I noticed this odd sensation of getting extremely tired and then waking up very quickly over and over again. There was a kinda dreamy quality to it and I wondered if I was getting a fever. Now that I've woken up and realized I don't have any cigarettes, that weird sensation must have been nicotine withdrawal. 

Today I haven't had too strong an urge to smoke, except when I looked at my phone and saw a friend had called - my habit when returning a phone call is usually to head outside and light a cigarette and call them back.

I've quit before for a month or two a few times after smoking for about 10 years now, and this has been the mildest withdrawal I've experienced, but realizing I'd have to call my friend without a cigarette was pretty terrifying. So terrifying it kinda shorted me out and made me wonder what to do. I hadn't planned on quitting anytime soon but here I am at 36 hours without nicotine, almost halfway through the worst of it, and I've got some travel set next week that might help distract me through the next big wave of cravings.

I didn't know what else to do but post here with what feels like a bizarre situation. I had no intent to quit and it feels like I ought to make a go of it since I've made it 36 hours without even meaning to, but then I imagine calling my friend back without a cigarette and it's terrifying and I know how irritated I'm gonna be for 2 weeks straight and there isn't that "rock bottom" sensation that drove previous quit attempts. Wondering if I'll be able to walk by a convenience store without caving!

Someone invited me to see a movie tonight where the director will do Q and A afterwards, and making my way there will be the first big test. Fingers crossed!