3 Years ago I quit smoking. Wall of text warning.

I smoked for 28 years. 28 years! That's more than half my life. It was a part of everything that I did. I was that person that just seemed to always be smoking. Work on the car, smoke. Mow the lawn, smoke. Smoke meat, smoke cigarettes. Drive, smoke... everything and everywhere was my time to smoke. My wife and kids never thought I would give it up. But here I am. 1095 Days or 36 Months since I put down those nasty things. I am absolutely thrilled.

The best part really is the dependency and all that goes with it is not there. I mean the ashtrays (beer cans) and the mess of ashes and the smell that the back porch had. My clothes and ultimately the wife's clothes always smelled. I didn't realize HOW much until after I quit. I can go to the store and not think about if I need smokes or even plan a road trip. Plane flights are not a big deal anymore either.

The key to me stopping was the frame of mind. I used a Vape to help with the hand to mouth cravings. I stepped the nicotine down 18mg>12>8>0 every week so after 30 days I was at zero. I kept the vape for another 30 days and then I just stopped using it. 

I think I was successful because I had made my mind up that I wasn't going to smoke and kept doing all the things I did normally just with the vape and then with nothing. I mean other non-smokers can drive to work without smoking so why cant I? right? I even was able to hang out with the other smokers and not have even so much as a weak moment. Oh sure I think about smoking from time to time...even right now I am thinking about it as I write this but the difference is, and you read it on this sub all the time, is the ease of which the "memory of smoking, not craving" goes away.  You realize it is your brain trying to trick you and that makes it easier to fight back and basically disown that part of your life.

This sub has been a big part of my success. I never thought having a support group would ever help me but it reality it has. Not so much that I needed support to get past a moment rather it was always there to remind me why I was doing it and to keep my head in the game so to speak. I love reading all stories and watching as your quit badges grow. 

Keep it up you quitters. Come here if you need a reminder and never, never forget that it is all in your head. It takes a completely different part of your brain to control the muscles that lift the cigarette to your mouth. Dont let that nasty, vile, lying side control it for you.

Good luck everyone. Thanks for being there.