Can We Try To Make Cigarettes Illegal?

Yes, there are PLENTY of things telling people how harmful cigarettes are- but there are just as many telling people the same things about *weed* so, to my mind, that doesn't really get the point across.

Hell, I started smoking when I was eighteen- **for the expressed purpose of "showing" my mom how "easy" it would be for her to quit. I'd been asking her to quit since I was old enough to understand the harms of cigarettes.

I'm thirty three now, and I just put out a cigarette in an ashtray I brought inside (despite it being agreed upon 'house rule' that there is no smoking indoors) just so I could finish it. 

I HATE these things. I wish I'd never started, but I'm physically addicted, and it's only when I try to quit that I get (*irrationally*) defensive and feel like smoking is a conscious choice, something I enjoy (it's not. I hate them, hate their taste, hate how I smell, etc) and then, when *some* rationality returns, I start blaming tobacco companies and the government for not doing a better job at preventing people from ever starting smoking. 

I understand the point that people have a right to choose their actions in life, and before I wanted to quit (about a year into smoking until about five years ago) I took anti-smoking ads etc as offensive and annoying. Partly because they were triggers- when I see someone else smoking, my brain seems to remember that it smokes and I want one, but mostly because I took it as an attack on my personal choice and freedom. 

The thing is, this isn't a "freedom" that benefits ANYONE. This is a harmful drug, worse in- you know what? I don't need to list it, y'all already know, I'm sure. That's why you're here. Point is- I think the government (because nobody else has the power) SHOULD BE doing something about this. 

Should be preventing people from ending up in this position to begin with. WHY is weed illegal (even if you consider smoking weed as being as harmful- those harms are due to *smoking it*, and not the plant itselt. This isn't true about tobacco. Those harms exist regardless of intake method, so, imho, it's a very different issue).


This isn't a pro-weed post, but a "why the FUCK is this less harmful, not-physically-addictive, thing controlled by the govt, while this other, INFINITELY MORE, harmful and -more physically-addictive-than-most-hard-drugs, thing NOT????

Is there ANYTHING we can do to change this? 
I feel like a "lost cause" (gonna keep trying to quit anyway), but others, kids most especially, aren't caught in its claws yet. Why can't- or, how CAN- we prevent this shit from happening to them?