Need some encouragement

Internet Community, I've stumbled so many times this summer.

After not smoking for the majority of almost 3 years (with a few minor slip ups which lasted several weeks each) I had managed to make a solid 10 months or so without cigarettes.....

and back in May, I found out some bad news about my legal record which has challenged my fundamental self-esteem and also my prospects of getting my dream career of being an educator.

The blow has resonated with me so deeply that I've suffered some major depression and I've gotten back into the habit of smoking. My anxiety is through the roof and I've attempted to quit smoking at least 20 times this summer (that's not an exaggeration).

When I DO smoke (like last night... made it to the end of the 4th day, had a counseling session which caused me more upset, and decided to go hang with a friend who was a smoker) I smoke...well, A LOT. A LOT MORE than if I was just a regular smoker. I wake up with "Nicotine hangovers" where I feel like I'm dehydrated and ill.   
  
  
I've been pursuing health and mental wellness for a long time. I'm coming out of an abusive relationship where I've got a child with the guy and I'm trying to do the best to take care of myself and my son. And to be the best version of my self. My stress seems overwhelming.   
  
  
I'm not looking for advice, because advice is all I get day in and day out, and sometimes it seems so overwhelming that my brain just shuts down and feels like I'll *never* be able to kick this filthy habit.  
  
  
I want to quit smoking for a number of reasons, and I've read Alan Carr's book, etc etc. But I'm also wondering if maybe there's a point where I shouldn't stress myself out too much by putting all this pressure on myself to quit?? Has anyone had any experience with this kind of situation? Would it be better to just smoke regularly right now and be addicted to try and avoid the "binge-smoking" I've been doing, or do you think that I should just keep trying again and again (literally have reset my badge like 8 times in the last month alone)....

  

  
Oh you wonderful community. Keep fighting the good fight. I love you all, and I'm proud of each and every one of us (even those, like me, who have stumbled a few times).