Sick and Tired of feeling Sick and Tired!!

I just quit for ten straight months. Then they found their way back into my life. My brain feels poisoned; I have no energy. I have made several attempts over this last month to quit again; all without success. 

What has happened to me?

I fell so easily back into the trap; the 'just one'. There are many emotional triggers, and most of them have to do with trying to work things out with my (ex) fiance, and he smokes. Heavily.

I know there are a lot of psychological factors going into my decision to smoke. For a while I was just puffing on them and not inhaling, and that was working well, because I wasn't feeling the physical repurcussions of the nicotine and smoke poisoning my brain and my body.

Now, however, I have reset my badge, for the last time, ever.

We all make these false promises, and we all fail. I know this.

I am not going to fail again. I am not going to open the window. I choose my health, my mind, my energy. All of the great benefits that I enjoyed for the last year. I will not throw them away for any longer due to my emotional insecurity.

I have been on a spiritual journey for the better part of those last ten months, and I have done a great deal of healing and growing. For a while I was trying to give myself a 'grace' period, but I know now that it will extend indefinitely. It is not a grace period, it is my nicotine-addicted brain making excuses to prolong my addiction. The addiction which gives me nothing.

I hope to come on to stopsmoking every day for the next thirty days, and post or comment at least once. This is my commitment to you, the subreddit which has helped so many people already, but it is also the commitment I am making to myself.

May all of your journeys be as fruitful as mine has been, and more strength and grace may find all of you as you unbury the motivations behind the fears you each individually have in quitting this terrible, lifelong addiction.

To those of you who are seasoned, may you continue to enjoy the beauty of a life where these poisonous sticks have been left behind and rejected.

....wish me luck!