2 months after recovering from the "Summer from Hell"

I can't believe I'm already at 2 months since my last attempt to quit smoking!!

This summer was rough. I had been quit for the better part of 3 years with a few short-lived relapses intermittently. Then in MAY I got some emotional shit started which sent me into a downward spiral of depression and anxiety. I started chain smoking, and then quitting. Every third day I'd smoke 20 cigs, get really sick and nicotine poisoned, then go cold turkey, then smoke for a week, then quit again, etc. etc. etc.

It was awful. I couldn't understand WHY I was failing. All I knew was that I just COULDN'T DO IT. I wasn't good enough to quit.  
  
Then, I started to work on how I see myself. How I see the world. Started to identify what are true statements about myself, and what are things that I just think about myself, in this case, some of the most negative things I thought about myself were really just reflections of someone else's insecurities he'd been projecting onto me for so long. All those negative things I thought about myself were really just HIM inside my head, because HE HATED HIMSELF.
  
And I took those things on and I couldnt' cope with the disparity between who I was and who I wanted to be, vs. who I thought I was, based on what I'd been told.  
  
Once I started to understand that I wasn't those bad things, that I in fact, WAS a good person, and I do good things for myself and my family, I treat others with respect, and started to validate and affirm myself.... well, let's just say, I didn't even think about the cigarettes after those first two days. Now I come back and I've already banked 2 months! It seems so long ago that smoking was such a normal part of my life again. Those frantic scrambles under the rain. The guilt and the handwashing, face washing, changing shirts, etc. Always wondering when I could sneak out again.

I am so grateful I was able to see myself for who I truly am. 


TLDR; Unburied the ideas I had held about myself and my capabilities, and saw them for what they really were. The addiction isn't so powerful; it's the MINDSET that matters. Once I realised that I am the sum of my actions, not what other people (or myself!) say I am, stopping smoking was very easy for me.

I HOPE YOU ALL CAN GET TO THE POINT WHERE YOU RESPECT YOURSELF ENOUGH TO KNOW YOU CAN DO THIS! YOU GUYS ARE ALL ROCK STARS FOR EVERY TIME YOU STAND UP AND TAKE CONTROL OF YOUR LIFE! GOOD LUCK TO YOU ALL!