Almost a year now - feels good. A story.

Hey /r/stopsmoking! Almost a year without nicotine now, I feel great. Really, best decision of my life. I've noticed that some people are having some questions, so let me tell you my story, perhaps it will be of some use:

Nearly a year ago, I moved back in with my parents after a year of studying abroad. My father is an ex-smoker (used to smoke two packs a day), and my mother quit smoking the moment she found out she was pregnant with me (so nearly 25 years ago). I smoked 3/4 of a pack every day. Oh man, I loved the Lucky Strike. Even as cigarettes got more and more expensive, I kept smoking.

8 July 2012, I was heading back home from whatever - I think I was visiting friends in Belgium (I live in the Netherlands) - when I get a call from my father. My grandmother has fallen ill for the second time. We knew it was from her smoking. My mother and my brother flew back to Israel (yes, I'm an Israeli in the Netherlands), as we thought it may be it. I had my graduation ceremony four days later - the university even asked me to give the student's speech for that year.

My grandmother died the same day. Didn't feel that bad on that same day, but Monday, when I got out of work, it hit me - my grandmother was dead. Fucking dead. I needed a drink, so I went out to town and got a nice glass of whiskey. Met this cute Irish bartender, she and I actually ended up dating for a while, but that is another story. 

My father and second brother were at the graduation ceremony. It was a good day, as I was also conditionally admitted into my Master's degree, but it was all in the shadow of that slow and painful death my grandmother had. I could only imagine how my mother must have felt - having to go through the entire mourning process while her eldest son was delivering a speech, and she could not even be there.

Fast forward into August and September - I start my Master's Degree. My mother came back, and she made sure to tell me of her mother's state as she lay dying in the hospital. I've seen pictures, I knew that smoking kills in a painful and slow way. My brother (who still smokes) and I have had countless lectures on the way that tar accumulates in your lungs from our parents.

11 September, not a very special day for folks outside of the US. Just another day, really. I was walking my dog and smoking, when I stopped and realized two things: 

1) My coughs have been getting worse. That was to be expected. 

2) I no longer enjoyed smoking. It was just something I did. It was a habit, nothing more. A very damaging and expensive habit. 

*So why do something that I no longer enjoy?* is what I thought as I finished the cigarette. I took the pack from my jacket's inside pocket and looked at it; it was a bit under half-full, maybe six or seven cigarettes left. I crumpled it, called my dog to me, walked back home and threw the pack over my shoulder. Haven't had a single cigarette since.

First two months were tough, especially when I went drinking - felt the strong urge to smoke, that feeling in your lungs, once I was under influence. I didn't, no matter how drunk I was. I reminded myself of that walk with my dog, and how happy my parents were to hear that I decided, without their pressure, to quit smoking. This was the third time I quit, but the first two times were a result of their pressure; that never works.

So yeah, I guess that the moral of the story is the following two lessons: 

1) Do it for yourself. Not for anyone else.

2) Do it when you're ready and when you want to. Don't quit because someone else tells you to; quit because YOU want to.

Peace!