Been lurking for weeks, ready to get involved

I've not smoked cigarettes in the area of a month total. Not consecutive days without a cigarette.

To me, that's monumental. I stopped smoking cigarettes this time, (not my first go around) on a whim, after I bought a vape, also on a whim.
I've not kept precise track since I had a half of a cigarette 10 or so days in, and then a PACK some time after that. 

The half of a cigarette was my checking to see if I really missed the smoking as much as I thought I did.
I really didn't in that moment, hence the half.
The entire pack was purchased after a day I thought of as super shitty. In hindsight, it was, but not shitty enough to smoke cigarettes over. I smoked two. The first one in a rush, the second, I tried to savor, but just didn't really feel as rewarded as I thought I would while smoking it. I couldn't have the other 18 sitting around and not smoke them. So I did, over the span of 48 hours. Some, I loved. Most, I felt ambivalent about.
So I finished the rest and I continued to not smoke cigarettes again as if I never had those 20.

I don't know when I'll get a badge. As of now, I've been at least cigarette free for two weeks straight. It's just not a priority in the journey right now.
None of my relapses ever felt like a huge deal to me. Of course I was disappointed that I couldn't say to myself that I'd been X days in a row without doing the thing I was hoping to be free from eventually, and disappointed that I did something I was actively trying not to do. 
However, I've learned that my biggest hurdle in this whole stupid thing, is to not have something to look forward to multiple times a day. 
My reward to myself has been smoking, my entire adult life. Get out of bed? A cigarette will be the reason I get up.
Get off of work? I get to smoke a cigarette. Long ass trip in the car? At least I can smoke. Have 400 things I have to do when I get home from work? No problem, because I can reward myself with cigarettes every moment I would like a break.
So, yeah. Every single day is a day that I've not rewarded myself 20+ times. That's hundreds of times I've "suffered". 
I'm not proud of any of the cigarettes that I've smoked, but I'm also not going to discount those hundreds of times, either. I failed 20 and a half times, but I conquered hundreds.

I really enjoy this sub. Coming here to read what others have said has helped me tremendously. Some of the things I've seen posted, resonated with me deeply and has been instrumental in coping when I'm struggling. I've felt inspired and hopeful. So now, I join you guys, hoping that I can be helpful in some way, to someone else in the future.

