Attempt 1 million or so - let's see if /r/stopsmoking makes the difference

Hi Peeps! Great subreddit :) I've never considered using reddit for something practical, but now I've thought about it, it makes a great deal of sense to me. One of the toughest thing I've often found with my many attempts at quitting and sustaining a state of abstinence is that I'm quitting on my own - it's all too easy to fall back in to the familiar old fold of smokers and smoking. Anyway, I'm on board and I thought I'd better give a quick introduction to get involved with the old community.

Quick overview: I quit at new year, relapsed on saturday after a few drinks but haven't started again since apart from a couple of tokes on an ecig as I read this (although I'm pretty much out of juice and have no plans to re-purchase) I've been trying to quit off and on for almost as long as I have been smoking, having quit for almost a year on two occasions. 

My first smoke was when I was 15 and I'm in my late 20s now, so it's been a long ride. Strangely, I find it quite easy to quit cold turkey and despite the fact I can often smoke 20 - 30 in a day, I can also just forget to smoke sometimes. My problem is that after a few days I start questioning why I stopped. I think of smoking as something like playing video games or listening to music; a pastime of sorts; something I enjoy doing rather than crave. Its a complex one. Anyway, I realise that my rationalising of what are essentially just standard cravings is part of the problem and I need to get over that as much as anything else.

Just to go a little leftfield with this post too - part of me wonders whether my repeated return to smoking is part of a larger syndrome; a bad relationship with dopamine boosting activities. I'm a binger in everything in life (I'm trying to quit drinking and video games too!). I am fairly convinced that for me at least, I need to find a way of stabilising my general dopamine stimulation in order to have a sustained willpower towards all forms of excess and unwanted behaviour. Just a little bonus musing for my intro there.

So. Yea. Hi there fellow fresh-breathers! i look forward to the ride ahead.