Stopping in two days.

Two years ago, shortly after I had turned 18, my buddy, who was going into the Army, pulled me aside and showed me this shiny topped puck. It was orange, and said SKOAL Peach blend on it: dipping tobacco, or moist snuff.

He asked me to try it with him. His reasoning? Everybody in the Army either smoked or dipped, and so he wanted me to try them before he shipped out so he'd know what it's like. I tried it with him.

I loved it. The buzz made me feel like I was drunk, it tasted great, and I loved how easy it was to hide. I could dip all day and my parents couldn't smell it on me. Awesome. Thus began my addiction. At my worst, I was up to a can and a quarter a day (that's a metric assload for those of you who don't know dip). At my best? There is no best with this shit.

Eventually I got scared, and switched to vaping (~3-4 mo. ago). Transition wasn't really that hard, honestly. Throat hit took some getting used to, but flavors were nice. But it's incredibly expensive compared to dip, and so I swapped back and forth frequently. Now? I'm finding I'm tired of vaping too. Screw it all. I'm quitting. I'm gonna list my reasons why.

1. I'm tired of hiding.
I always hid my nicotine shit from people and I'm tired of it. 

2. I'm tired of the judgement.
When people did see me use, I would feel their eyes burning into me, judging me. 

3. I don't want to worry how I'll get my fix if X happens.
I went on a vacation to Puerto Rico with the family for 5 days. I used snus to get my fix, so they couldn't tell. I was so nervous on the flight down that it would be confiscated. I don't want to worry anymore.



Anyway. This is the end of my post, and the start of a new beginning. It's only been a few years of this struggle, and I'm already tired of it. I admire those who have been using for longer and have quit, as I don't know if I can have the willpower to make it.

In addition, I apologize as this isn't necessarily about cigarettes, but /r/stopdipping is dead. You guys have a much better support group here, and I feel as if this will help me quit.