Today during break at work, I decided to quit. Eight years.

I had this one nicotine patch and three loosies driving to work. I had no coffee this time due to my kindergarten-like skills with money and saving and I was running a tad bit late (more so lack of $$).  Anyways I smoke one cig right out the gate which was my usual routine (except I would have packs during the other times) at the start of a drive to trade eight hours of my labor for money.

So yeah, One down, boom! on the Parkway North. The second one was  lit  once I was about ten minutes away so the timing would lead me to be finishing it right as I'm walking up, which was exactly what happened. 

Okay so I walk in the building, feeling a bit anxious but getting these strong jolts of excitement. I almost couldn't wait to have my last loosie so I could begin my journey. And as follows (Not sure if that made sense but...) break arrived! I walked outside, cigarette already relaxing between my soft pressed lips. I felt cool, I felt calm. More so I felt ready 

So I light up and begin to talk and such to the people out there like any other day. I finished my smoke and waited 15 minutes until my break ended, then I put on the patch. At first it was sort of itchy and almost irritating. After some time I forgot about it, but oddly enough, 4 hours later towards the end of my shift,  forgot about cigarettes too.

I got big motivation from that even though I had the patch on and decided to go hang outside in the smokers area, do my usual interactions, conversations etc. I wanted to put my self in the worst case scenario as soon as I could. It was a huge obstacle being that I almost attempted to ask for a smoke, three times. I felt it, the routine. I felt body almost try to move and such like I had a cigarette. I feel like I stared at every drag from five different people.  I did in fact operate relatively normal. So yeah 7:30, time go home!

So I did. I drove home and AGAIN not a thought of a cigarette (Again, with patch).

But, I did just take the patch off maybe nine hours in because I just had a coffee and indeed smoked a marijuana cigar. I started to feel real weird so I ripped that nico-sticker off me and, well, here I am. I felt like I was given enough of a boost to start my lifestyle.

My only concerns right now are when I game and put together beats etc. I could eat through packs if you let me play this mmo for unlimited amount of time with coffee and tree. Regardless I am starting to feel that idle time crave where there is nothing to do. Even though I just got off of work and should probably go to sleep, I want to enjoy this coffee my friend got me for picking up a bag for him on my way home and play this game  for a bit.

I am so lost and honestly, 

TL;DR Quitting, testing my limits aggressively, kinda high, story kinda finished and I wanna be clean! 0ff! Nic! 0! Tine!

Edit: About ten hours since last cigarette.
