Recently quit (again) but I know it will be for good this time.

Long time lurker, but finally decided it was time to make an account and reciprocate some of the motivation that I have received from this sub over the last few months.

A little bit about myself - 28 years old and have been a smoker since I was roughly 19. For me it started in college as a social thing when me and my group of friends would hang out. This quickly got worse as I would return home for the summer and would work outside all day with other smokers. Before I knew it, I was up to basically a pack a day but still didn't think it would be a problem to quit eventually. 

When I was about 23 or 24 I met my now wife and she immediately wanted me to stop smoking - no problem I thought. I went cold-turkey for about a week when the cravings became unbearable. I broke down and bought a pack of cigarillos rationalizing in my head that since they weren't cigarettes it wasn't going to be as bad. The worst part of the cigarillos was I started to inhale them, again thinking that since they weren’t cigarettes it wouldn’t be as bad. Long story short – they are just as, if not more addictive.

I let the cigarillo habit control me just like the cigarettes did. I have been smoking a pack of them per day for the last 4 years (not every-day but it averages out) until this past January when I finally decided it was time to kick this nasty habit for good.

Downloading the app helped tremendously - I was able to track my progress and record my cravings which helped me identify situations to avoid. All of this came crashing down when I had a family member pass away unexpectedly. I jumped right back into the habit without thinking twice.

I can now say that I have been cigarette/cigarillo free for the past 11 days and 23 hours (12 days as of 1:30 EST). What I really want to get off my chest though, and hopefully help someone else, is don’t hide this from your loved ones. I have attempted to hide this addiction from my wife and it has torn me apart inside. Every now and then I will smoke one after work when I get home, but I primarily only smoke when I am at work. I don’t think she truly knows how often I have been smoking. My biggest fear is that I have let this stupid habit wreck my health and I won’t get to enjoy all of the time I wanted to with my wife.

I have my annual physical tomorrow and am going to open up to my doctor about all of this. I really hope I have quit early enough in my life that maybe some of the damage I have caused can be healed.

This community has been a huge source of motivation for me and I want to thank you all for sharing your stories.