Just finished Allan Carr's "Easy Way to Stop Smoking"

Honestly, I want to believe all of this content and take it to the heart and say, "great! I'm a non-smoker now! I've made this decision and I'm happy about it."

The truth is though, I don't feel that great about it. I already feel miserable thinking that I'm going to have to go to work tomorrow and put in a full 13 hour shift and not smoke a single cigarette. I know, because I've done tried this a million times this year. 

I don't know what I want. I want to quit smoking, but I seriously think I still enjoy smoking. I hate that that makes sense to me. I want to lie to myself or make myself believe that I hate smoking so that I could just put it down and say to hell with these things and that'd be the end of it.

That's what Allan Carr says throughout the whole book, and then immediately says "don't wait for the moment of revelation! You have to have it yourself!" ...okay.....?


I'm afraid that I'm just going to be a smoker that tortures himself by pretending to be a nonsmoker. I don't want to have these doubts, but I can't help it!! That's just how I feel!!!

I don't know what to do. I want to quit but I've already tried several times. I always get about 5-6 days in and then I look around and I just wonder why the fuck I'm torturing myself with this. I pretend like it gets better with time, but it just doesn't. I may start to feel a little better and the cravings aren't exactly as 'intense,' but I still want to smoke. 


And then I just smoke a cigarette and it's the best fucking thing in the world. I try to act like it's not, but to me *it is.* Allan Carr would probably say something like, "well, the smoker is miserable and he's just making himself more miserable by smoking that one cigarette." And in the grand scheme of things, he's probably right. But.. I don't know. I literally like smoking. I'm sorry to myself for this, but I fucking enjoy smoking at work and taking a break. I enjoy smoking a square during my favorite song. I like smoking a cigarette after I finish a beer.


Allan Carr says "The smoker wishes he never had that first cigarette!" And I just don't know how I feel about that. I used to have crippling anxiety and smoking cigarettes used to really pull me through some of the more terrible panic attacks. I don't care if it was a crutch or not; it would help me. I liked being associated with smoking. Some of my best friends I met while smoking in a circle outside of class. 


How is there any hope of quitting for someone like me? I don't really regret starting smoking, I still enjoy smoking, almost everyone in my life is a smoker, I love smoking at my job [EMT-B & ambulance driver by the way], and outside of me wanting to save my money and being aware of the health issues in the future; I don't really have any other reason to quit other than I think I want to. 

Frustrated as hell right now.
