Got black out drunk last night. Didn't give in. Feel so great

20 Male here, from France. Quit 77 days ago. I recently moved to Korea for an academic exchange, and i'm getting drunk a LOT, with my friends who all smoke.
Last night was the worst... i woke up with no memories from half of the night.
When i woke up i asked my friends if i smoked, turns out i didn't ! This is the first time i got so drunk since I quit, and guess what ? I didn't even think about smoking. Feels so great !

To all of you guys thinking it's hard not to smoke when drunk, don't worry, it is just the nicotine in your brain talking ! I quit less than 3 months ago and I don't even think about smoking anymore.

I Smoked for 2 years, with the second year being mostly vaping. I would smoke or vape all the time... upon waking up, going to work, at work... I was so addicted and genuinely believed I liked smoking or vaping. I quit cold turkey after 3 days of binge smoking (at a rock festival), then read Allen Carr's book 3 weeks after, and it was so easy !

I feel so much better, I can actually wake up in the morning not feeling like shit, i started hitting the gym again and doing much better. Overall I am more relaxed, before at the slightest disturbance in my life I would run for a smoke, now nothing really gets to me. 

And then there is the money.. I already saved 300€. Isn't that great ? In a couple years I will have enough to buy a new car ! 

I feel sad for my friends who are always craving a smoke, in class, out in the streets (not allowed to smoke on the streets in South Korea except for some smoking areas), when hanging out... Now that I quit i realized smoking is such a time sink ! I think i spent at least an hour per day just smoking. Can you imagine that ?

To all of you guys anxious about quitting, just realize cigarettes do nothing for you, as soon as you stop thinking of cigarettes as a pleasure but as a stupid addiction, it gets so easy ! Just carry on, you just made the best decision in your life !

Sorry for long post and maybe poor english (i'm french) but i wanted to share :)
