Just over 7 months down, here's my experience.

Whats up everyone, I've not been here for a while but used to come here a lot when thinking about quitting, and when I was in the early stages of quitting (multiple times). I've reset my badge at least 5 times which always sucked, and I've just reset it just now (correcting it to 219ish days rather than 569 that it was, which was a much nicer experience). I'm just over 7 months down, honestly I needed to check my quit app to actually see how long its been which I think helps show how little the addiction effects me now. I saw a friend for the first time in a while this weekend who was wondering why I wasn't smoking when he was, and it felt great to say "Oh, I don't smoke, I quit ages ago". What was great about that was a realisation that I'm now in the "I don't smoke" category, rather than "trying to quit" which is what I used to say when people asked.
This post will probably be a bit all over the place, but I just wanted to stop by and share some of my experience. 
I had been smoking since I was 18, I am 26 now. I always told myself I would quit way before 25 as I knew it wasn't something I wanted to do forever. I'm glad to say that although I didn't quit before 25.. I did quite while I was 25. I had really not been enjoying smoking for probably a couple of years (70% of the time at least) but almost all my friends, workmates and my long time girlfriend smoked too. I had failed a bunch and generally given in when I was with someone else who was also smoking. 
What helped me:

1. The Allan Carr book and movie and various other Youtube videos. All the videos or stats about how bad it is for you never really triggered much in me, but the discussion about the addiction itself and how it effects you helped. Knowing you just need to "starve the monster" was helpful, and I definitely found craving quickly decreased and became manageable.

2. My girlfriend tried quitting with me. She is back to smoking now, but that was pretty vital for me I think to give me the first week or so to pass the worst of my cravings. When she decided she wasn't ready she tried her best to avoid smoking around me, or at home when I was home. Although I didn't want my quitting to be pushed on others, this really helped because the smell of a lit cigarette and the habit of going outside and chatting together was a huge trigger for me. 

3. A number of my friends had quit recently. This was a big one too, my friends and I tend to drink regularly and there was nothing I craved more than a cigarette with a drink (not the ashtray mouth and splitting headache the next day from chain smoking though!). This one is tough to replicate obviously, but if your friends are quitting and you are considering it, now is the time. Not only will it help you, but it will help your friends from going back too. 

4. I slipped up... twice.. but only once my taste had completely returned. This honestly helped me a lot, although I certainly don't recommend it, my friend had the same experience. Twice when very drunk, maybe 2 and 4 weeks after first stopping, I had a few puffs... honestly I absolutely hated the taste, and it didn't make me feel any better other than a bit sick. The taste is so different when you aren't used to it, it really does taste like licking an ashtray. This moving forward was what I've used to remember why I need to ignore any cravings.. I did smoke, it didn't help anything, it just tasted horrible and made me feel guilty. 

5. Our government has been pushing up the cost for a long time in an attempt to get as many people as possible to quit. When I started the cheapest 20 pack you could buy was about $8, now its $25. This was the push I needed to really consider If I enjoyed it, and I thought of quitting as a big pay raise. Although I hated paying more, I'm glad my government did that.

6. I was ready. I had been ready for a while, but I do feel like there is something about a few failed quitting attempts which just gets you prepared for what you are going to experience, and that its not that bad and passes. I knew that if I get through the first 4-5-6-7 days that the cravings start the pass faster and come up less often. Now 7 months in, I barely get any... I do still get them when I smell a lit cigarette from a distance, but I remind myself.. I don't smoke, I hated when I did, I'm not going back. 

7. I used to always use the excuse that I wanted to continue because it gave me a reason to get up from my desk at work, get some sun, stretch my legs etc. To be honest, to this day, id like to get outside more during the day but I feel weird just going and standing outside.. but anyway - I waited a few weeks, and once I knew I could control my cravings, if my workmates were going outside and I wanted to as well.. I went too. I wouldn't always go, but there's no reason I couldn't. 

My girlfriend is back to smoking as normal and has been for a long time, at work and home. I'd love her to quit, I dislike the smell drifting in the house and on her clothes etc, I know she/we cant really afford it - or rather have more important things to spend our money on - but I know she needs to make that decision herself. Many of her friends still smoke, so I know its hard. 
So that's just my experience, I guess its not really any tips as such, but thank you to all of you who come in here regularly and give help, I know I came here for help a number of times and it really did help me. 
So to everyone who is day 1 or 1000, good on you, you can do it, it gets easier and is SO worth it. 