Day One

Hey guys,

First of all, what a great community! I have lurked here before and spent some time looking around last night, and the fact you guys take your time to help and encourage others, you should be very proud. It is currently Wednesday morning here in New Zealand, and last night I made a very positive choice. This will be the first full day I do not smoke since I was 18. I'm not sure if my badge perhaps says Day 2 as it set it last night, in reality it's Day 1 - will update once on a computer. 

I have always had the classic smoker train of thought that "I will definitely quit one day" but seem to put it off a lot. Luckily a lot of my friends have quit smoking in the past year, many very recently, and this has been a big motivator, as well as health,cost ( which is almost $1 per cigarette in NZ!), bad breath, family disapproval, many things!. New Zealand is moving towards being a smoke free country by 2020 and have been increasing the taxes on cigarettes substantially over the past few years and running regular TV ads to deter people from smoking. This is great, as it certainly has put quitting in my mind more regularly, and the cost really does make it very difficult. 

Last night I watched the Allen Carr video and have also read part of the book previously (intend on reading this properly). The message makes absolute sense to me and if I remember that message I know I will be fine. My question to all of you that have used this method or any other, is how do you keep that motivation fresh in your mind? What have you used to remind you that you don't want cigarettes in your life any longer?

Is there perhaps a certain fact, or short video you would return to, to really drive it home again?

I know this will be tough at times but I am going to do my best to enjoy the situation, and look forward to all the benefits. I'm confident this subreddit will provide the reminder to me as to why I'm doing this. 

In advance, thank you, and congratulations whether you are Day 1 or Day 1000.