Day 4

Hey guys,

Just dropping in to share my experience so far. Once again thank you for what you all do here, it's such a great place to come for reassurance and support. 

So quick background, I had been smoking for 5-6 years, started when I was a teenager despite never thinking I would because I hated when my mother smoked. I had managed to quit for 3-6 months after only smoking for 18 months or so. I found that to be relatively easy after the first 1-2 days. 

I started smoking again when I met my now girlfriend, as she smoked and our mutual friends did, and I thought "why not, one won't hurt".

Fast forward 4 years and one did hurt, wasn't the best decision. 

My experience this time around has so far been .. well.. filled with challenges, but rewarding. The first day was unusual, felt a little disconnected, frustrated and at brief times light headed. It was a mental battle as well as some very minor physical symptoms (I guess) had strong cravings and second guessed my choice, spent a lot of time reading on here and listening to the Allen Carr video. Day two was much better and the only real struggle was after getting home where accessing cigarettes would be much easier and I was used to getting home and having a cigarette before relaxing for the night, this was a trigger. After fighting through an hour of this I was fine for the evening. Day 3 was a little of the same but much much better, overall not too challenging, even with a couple quit beers at home. 

Day 4 will be a challenge as I have some friends coming over and we will be having some drinks, GREAT NEWS is that they have just quit smoking in the past few weeks so should remove much temptation and I am confident there will be no troubles as I am no longer a smoker, so why would I smoke, right?

My girlfriend made the decision to quit last night with the majority of people we know quitting at the moment, I think she will find it tougher than me, she believes she enjoys it more, and she has smoked much longer.  I will support her and do all I can, but of course she needs to make the decision herself. 

TLDR: overall my quitting experience has been relatively straight forward, except for brief periods of second guessing my decision and cravings. I don't doubt there will be challenges to come, but feel confident I can accomplish my goals with the support of you guys and my friends. 

Keep being awesome guys, thanks for reading this, and congratulations on your success no matter which day you are at

If you haven't seen it check out this video, very calming and captivating with some great information
http://youtu.be/z16vhtjWKL0