Quitting with crutches (e.g. Vapes without Nicotine) - Feeling guilty and like a cheater...

First of all, I want to express my thanks to this community. It's a godsend that I stumbled upon this sub.

I'm going to be 39 this year, and I have been smoking cancersticks since I was 13 years old, with the occasional breaks (about 3 or 4 periods of a year to 3 years of non-smoking) in between.

My latest smoking period of about 4 years now (gosh, time is flying, really) started when I got really drunk and had just 1 cig. (Yeah, the devilish "only 1 cig" got me...)

To remedy this, I quit drinking about 4 months ago... and I finally found the strength to quit cigs and nicotine for good this time.

I had a really good start about 2 weeks ago and made it through the de-tox/de-nic period of the first 4 days, but as quite a few co-workers at my workplace smoke, I couldn't resist, asked for a cig and smoked it. That made me buy my own pack instantly... It wasn't the nicotine-craving that made me relapse, but the habit of socialising and the imprinted Habit of the puffing of and fiddling around with the cig.

It took me a couple of days to re-kindle my strength and 3 days ago, I quit nic-cigs (pyros)  again, going cold turkey, "as usual" for me...

Let's put it this way... my wife and the kiddies had to go through a rough couple of days too... I was cranky as hell, snarky and generally not a person you'd like to be around.

I think I got the nic out of my system again, and in order to live through the next weeks, I got myself some e-cigs WITHOUT nicotine. I feel somehow guilty that I still have to rely on such a crutch, but at least it helps me not to want a pyro for "habitual reasons". 

But somehow I just feel like I'm cheating, although I'm not getting nicotine back in my system. 

Has anybody got some tips for me how to break free of the mental associations I created, so I can let go of the vaping in the next few weeks? 

And again, thanks for this sub! It really is a source of motivation to get rid of the smoking-monster. 

Btw, please pardon my english - as my nick might give away, I'm a non-native english speaker/writer. 

Edit: Typos and slight improvements of english.