Three weeks, and why quitting is easy

I feel amazing! I can breathe, I can smell (for the most part), I can go about my life without thinking about cigarettes or smoking (again, for the most part).

Do I miss poisoning my lungs, ruining my endurance, feeling like shit after every cigarette (but telling myself I felt better), waking up feeling like something crawled in my mouth and died, coughing up nasty shit?  
Absolutely not.

There is the occasional craving, of course. It is not strong enough to ever consider actually smoking a cigarette though. If you'd translate the feeling of wanting to smoke into words, for me my cravings look like this: "Hey, wouldn't it be nice to ... nah, nevermind."

I can't believe how easy quitting has been, and I don't really understand why I ever struggled in the first place. I have a theory, though:  
Quitting is only as hard as you believe it to be.

From before we smoked our first cigarette, we've been exposed to this "fact". It's been engrained into our subconscious that it's hard. After all, we've heard it all the time, and we all know some relative, friend or acquaintance who tried to quit smoking dozens of times but fails. I believe that those people just perpetuate the myth after they have fallen for it themselves.

I also think that people might find it difficult to quit because they don't actually really want to. There's two layers of wanting to quit:  


1 Saying and believing that you want to quit, but when you're being honest with yourself you don't actually really want to quit, you just think it would be nice to finally do so.   
2 Saying and believing that you want to quit, and *actually* wanting it with your mind, heart and soul.

I've come to believe that smokers who try and fail to quit are stuck transistioning from state 1 into state 2. Part of this might be because quitting smoking is already perceived as hard, and we humans like to avoid or put off things that are hard. It is much easier to stay the same or say "I'm going to stop tomorrow."  
Moreover, hearing that quitting is difficult lets us justify the addiction. "It's okay that I am smoking, because it's hard to quit and I just didn't make it, right?"

I don't think that the misconception that quitting is hard is the only factor in why many people fail, but I believe it to be a big one.

I might start to sound like a covert commercial at this point, but the book "easyway to quit smoking" by Allen Carr has helped me out so, so much. It made me realize for what reasons I smoked and shifted my perception of cigarettes. It took me reading it twice, one year apart, but then helped me be a non-smoker. There's free PDFs of this book around if you're willing to go down that route. I will not share any links, but they're easy to find if you look.