Day 11 and Triggers

Today has been rough. My Smoke Free app just asked me how many cravings I've had today and truthfully I've only had one. It just lasted about 4 hours is all.... But I'm pushing through it. I went out to get cat litter and ended up driving all over town because it felt nice to get out of the house and take my mind off it. That little errand run was enough to get my head in the right place. I went from feeling like my head was going to explode and ready to sneak a cigarette out of my boyfriend's pack, to back clearheaded and under control so I am proud of myself for that. 

However, I have been trying to get off the nicotine lozenges and I am sorry to report that I've had 2 today. I had made it about 48 hours and was really really trying to at least get to that 72 hour mark to get it all cleared out of my system but I caved. But you know what, I'm not going to beat myself up over it. I DIDN'T SMOKE!! I WILL eventually make it 72 hours and I will make it BEYOND that! But just not right now and that's ok. I'm just doing what works for me right now. That's all I can do. Praise myself for my achievements and not beat myself up for my "shortcomings". 

Part of my trigger was today. I moved into a new apartment about a month ago and am still not settled in yet. I never have time during the week and this is the first full weekend I've had in a while with nothing to do so I expected to get all this stuff accomplished and I have done none of it!! OMG!! I am frustrated at myself for that. I didn't even work out today and exercise has been one thing helping me tremendously both in general and with my quit. On top of that, I finally finished Allen Carr's book and while I found it immensely helpful I did not see it as this magic tool that made all my cravings immediately disappear. In fact I wasn't even having cravings when I started it, the first few days just breezed by, and then they hit me like a ton of bricks. But hey, I was fully expecting that to happen. I completely 100% believe everything in the book, I was nodding along with every section, but the rational side of my brain and the emotional just sometimes don't seem to connect. This happened to me last time I tried to quit, I started out feeling like there was no way I would ever have another cigarette and then BAM without even knowing what hit I was smoking again. Not gonna happen this time. I'm disappointed to be still having cravings but I have to tell myself that's part of the process. Only I have control over whether I light up or not. And no matter what, I will not let that happen. 

Thanks for "listening!"