Free for two weeks. This has been the easiest attempt at quitting so far, and for the first time I can say I really believe I'll never smoke again, without feeling like I'm bullshitting myself.

Title pretty much says it all. Or does it? Just realized how much I've written haha.  
TL;DR: Smoked for 3 years. Finally something "clicked", don't even think about smoking anymore unless I'm reminded how much more pleasurable life is without it now.

I've smoked for three years, which may not seem like much to some here. And it isn't, in the grand scheme of things - but let's be honest, we all know it's way too much already.  
For the past two years I have tried to quit. I probably averaged at least two to three attempts a month, give or take. It was frustrating, and I felt helpless. Not to mention dumb. I figured I was the dumbest person on earth for starting (to make matters worse, starting so late - You'd think in your 20's you'd have learned to withstand peer pressure and that the "cool guy vibe" bullshit is just that - Bullshit).

I've tried vaping, but it wasn't quite the same. Something was always missing. I knew I was depriving myself of something I couldn't quite define. Sure, when I was vaping I could breathe considerably better than before, but I had to chainvape for hours and hours on end to curb the cravings.  
I vaped right as I got up (even before having some water). I vaped while I made myself breakfast, vaped while I ate it. I vaped a lot more than I had ever smoked (which, for the record, averaged to about 15-20 cigarettes a day), the whole damn day.

And what happened?

I still went back to smoking, and lost all of the benefits (or should I say, less bad detriments) from vaping.

At some point I picked up a book that gets recommended a lot around places where people attempt to quit - EASYWAY by Allen Carr.  
I read maybe the first 20 pages of that book before I put it away. I didn't like the tone of this guy. His holier-than-thou attitude, telling me something along the lines of "You think you do, but you don't." And I kept smoking for another year.

Well, about a month ago (and a last vaping assisted quit attempt later) I finally decided to give that book another try. This time, I kept an open mind. I read his words and really thought about them. Did it apply to me? If so, how? Is it possible I'm deceiving myself?

I'd been quit for two days when I read it again (without vaping, mind you) so I decided I would just stay quit for good. I paced through his book within three days.  
"Wow", I thought. "I'm a non-smoker. I'm actually healed!"

But I wasn't. One shitty life situation and an even shittier decision later, I was smoking again. The whole thing barely lasted a week, and at times I'd had intense cravings I just "wished away", I suppose.

But then, two weeks ago as I just lit up another cigarette and took my first drag, something clicked. I really can't describe it any other way. It wasn't euphoria or anything, but on a fundamental level I understood *something* and my whole perception of smoking, myself, and that cigarette in particular changed. Suddenly I was disgusted. Absolutely disgusted. I felt like throwing up.  
Instead, I threw the cigarette away, followed by the pack. And since then, I'm no longer thinking about smoking unless I'm noticing yet another benefit that's developed, or when I realize how much more pleasurable life has gotten.

I have since had a few shitty situations akin to the last one that got me back to smoking (kind of going through a very rough phase in life right now), and at no point did I consider to smoke for "helping me deal with this." I'm even still hanging out with my smoker buddies (who are nothing but supportive of my decision). Though at times I have to leave when the clouds become too thick. Not because I fear I want one, but because the smell is actually fucking disgusting.

I am so glad that I can finally perceive it as such.

Thanks for reading all of this, if you did. No worries if you didn't, this has gotten a lot longer than it had any right to be.


Best of luck everyone on your quits!