[Day 0] Setting a Reddit diary habit system for myself.

Hello all,

I've been lurking on and off on this sub for a while, trying everything to quit numerous times, unsuccesfully. Today, I decide to commit fully to quitting, using the same thing I've been using succesfully to control other aspects of my life : organization.

Every evening, as part of my routine and starting after the pack I currently own is empty, I will start entrying the things I notice about quitting divided in five differents aspects to consider based on my experience, putting things down both for the sake of reflecting on the changes at hand, and publicly to put emphasis on responsibilty and comitment. The five aspects go as follows :

FOMO (or the fear of missing out) :

Emphased element of nicotine addiction in Carr's book, the idea that you have nothing to give up when quitting is something that needs to be reminded and reflected on daily.

Nicotine withdrawal :

While seperating the physical impact from the mind can be argued as important, so is being aware of what is going on in your body and how it is a consequence of addiction.

Social pressure :

The biggest one for me; all of my friends smoke, my girlfriend smokes on occasion, and these are a massive triggers for me. It is so easy to be influenced in those circumstances, as well as when alcohol is involved. That's why I really want to prepare mentally for these stuations.

Habit related triggers :

Playing videogames, waiting for the bus, taking à break at work or waiting between classes... The triggers are numerous, and I want to be aware of those. 

Benefits :

Last but not least; remembering that quitting is supposed to be a positive thing is essential, and can be easily forgotten when fighting through urges. I hope to see this part as therapeutic and motivating.

I don't expect this to get a lot of traction, but if some of you wish to experiment with this system or have any feedback on it, please go ahead. 

I wish you all well, and may the ashes you produce be only made from bad cooking skills. 

