From the perspective of a wife

My husband had smoked for 20 years when I first started dating him at the age of 25. Yes, the math is correct, he started smoking when he was 5 years old. Now, I very much wanted to be with him for every reason *other* than his less than attractive habit of chain-smoking a couple packs a day. Especially since I watched my mother waste away her lungs every day since I can remember and, at the tender age of 45, she couldn't sleep without wheezing or having trouble breathing. 

The worst part wasn't even kissing him, or having to have smoke pointedly blown away from my face to have a conversation with him, or even watching the debit card transaction rack up every month from buying carton after carton. The worst part was knowing that, while he didn't have any immediate signs of decreased lung function or health problems related to smoking, it was inevitable that I would have to watch him deteriorate in front of me just as I've watched my mother. While I did grow to love my husband very much over the first year of our relationship, this realization slowly began to gnaw at me. I didn't want to be *that girl* that gave him an ultimatum: choose me or the cigarettes. 

So I went to him like an adult and told him that I wasn't sure I could handle it, that I loved him but that I couldn't watch him kill himself slowly. To my surprise, he told me he had wanted to quit for years and didn't have the strength or motivation. It took him two years of patches, gum, petty arguments, getting down to that *last* cigarette per day, then back-peddling back up to five per day, to a pack per day, then back down to one. For some reason, he just couldn't let that last cigarette go. Finally, he was able to do it. I'm not sure what clicked for him exactly. Maybe he realized that his 'last form of stress relief' was stressing him out more than helping him.

It's been three and a half years now since his last cigarette. I believe there was once a time he slipped and had one, but got right back on the horse. My husband is a lucky man, in that he never got a cough afterwards, nor pain in his chest, nor any other symptoms those that quit seem to exhibit. I can't tell you how much money we've saved and how happy it's made me to have someone beside me that doesn't have to leave the room literally every 5 minutes to go smoke. We can go on trips now and I don't have to deal with a cranky man who is fiending for a smoke but can't have one for another hour since we're on a plane. There are so many positive changes in our life just from the stronger half of us letting go. I am so proud of him and, while I don't know what it's like to stop smoking, I have lost over 100 lbs and have had to deal with a food addiction. It is no small feat and takes incredible willpower and strength.

I just thought I'd share with you a story with a happy ending. I wish you all a tomorrow that's smoke-free and that you continue to make the right choice. 