I dont seem to get addicted to smoking?

I was wondering how much you normally need to smoke to get addicted. I was smoking weed mixed with tobacco for 2 years (2-3 joints a day) and some cigs sometimes and I stopped cold turkey as soon as I started working. I still had a will to smoke weed again the first weeks due to boreness and break of an habit but no physical or mental addiction whatsoever. I realized I didnt want to be fucked up every afternoon as I would have a "weedover" every morning at work and that was enough to stop.

Then I started smoking cigarettes instead with friends and also alone. Soon I was smoking half a pack a day. I was smoking like this for 6 months. Then I started noticing a decrease in agility when lifting but only after I started running I saw the problem it is. I stopped almost completely while still smoking on weekends mostly a few and then binging from time to time half or a pack in a day.However I never really had a feeling that I needed to smoke.

I saw that the act of smoking is nice when doing sporadically (like 1 cig a week) but more than that the "high" is gone so its just a way to pass time as it doesnt taste well when doing it often. Smoking a lot makes you a bit dizzy which may explain why the binges were usually on sundays (lazy day at home in the sofa with tv similar to smoking weed to relax). 

Anyway as I continued running and noticed an inmediate decrease in stamina always right after smoking for an hour or so I decided to stop completely as it unmotivates me to train hard. This was several months ago and in all this time I had never had the need to smoke other than thinking about it when bored a few days after stopping. After like 4 months I smoke a few with friends (4 in a month perhaps) and have not bought in all this time. I had like 10 cigarettes from an old pack at home for 6 months which I have finally finished the last a week ago (I used them as medicine to treat constipation :)) 

So my question is how do you feel when you need to smoke? Is it something like the need to eat? Have I been addicted all this time wkthout knowing? If not how often do you need to smoke to get addicted? Both my parents are smokers if that helps me being less prone to addiction?