To anyone who has quit/wants to quit/wants to quit again... Musings on nearly 10 months out.

It's been a while since I've contemplated what smoking was like for me. I don't pretend to have any knowledge that everyone here doesn't already know, and hasn't already said a million times better than I can.  

But, I came back here today to see the community. Out of curiosity I wondered how long it had been since I officially quit, and according to my flair it's 4 days away from being 300 days smoke free. I came here and found myself reading posts about relapses and realizing that I too am just as at risk as the people writing these posts- these amazing people who have kicked cigarettes once (or more) already and then come back into it... and it scares me. I realized in reading these that the idea that someone can just smoke once cigarette after quitting a heavy addiction (as mine was for sure) is an impossibility. I can tell you after being smoke free my body went through changes- I feel healthier, but I have had to replace the behaviors that were once filled with smoking related activities with other things. I can't spend time in a room with a lot of smokers because the smell lulls me into a familiar state and I can literally FEEL that desire to smoke cropping up. Once a friend asked me to hold her lit cigarette and I nearly threw it across the room, because it would be so easy to just take ONE drag... (Also, for the record, she freaked when she realized what she had done, and felt terrible, even though she shouldn't have. I am an adult and can make my own decisions.) So, I suppose the reason I am writing this post is in a way a written reminder to myself that the war is never really over- though the battle is won. I spent 15 years cultivating a little nicotine receptor farm in my head and growing those little bastards and didn't realize that I had built my own self-defeating army. I raised a host of liars in my own mind that told me I HAD to smoke or they would revolt and I would be miserable because I wasn't feeding them. But thankfully, they shut up after a little while. They occasionally rouse from their sleep any time I go out and spend any time in an enclosed space with a smoker, but they are largely dormant... But that's the key; they are dormant. That part of my brain that has the power to make me miserable is still very much alive, and all it takes is one cigarette to waken the entire sleeping army of nicotine receptors.  

I'm not afraid of it, per se... but I think reading the page today it reminded me that even for those of us that have not lit up in a long time- on bad days we all could stand a reminder that cigarettes aren't the answer. They seem like one, but all they really are is answering one problem with another.   

I know this is long, but I also want to offer some compassion to those who are in the process of quitting or thinking about quitting. I realize I may have made this process sound more dire than it is, but the one thing that has always made quitting worth it for me (besides the health/cost benefit) is that it allowed me to be in charge of my own body. It allowed ME to decide what I wanted, and it allowed me to make decisions for myself. It gave me the confidence to say... "You know what, nicotine? You're a jerk, and I hate you, and you are a cruel drug, so I'm not taking you any more." I also don't crave cigarettes everyday all day like I used to. I sometimes forget that I smoked for 15 years, and it's in those moments where I have forgotten that the chance for me to be lulled into false confidence is most possible. So... yeah... 

  I suppose this post is a reminder to myself, and also, hopefully a reminder to those who have quit, and are trying to, that you can do it, and even if you accidentally waken the sleeping leviathan in your head, that you can quit again. It's tough, but it's also more worth it than I can ever express. It gave me my body back. It gave me my sanity back... and I wish you all luck on your quitting journey

**TL;DR: You can do it. And don't forget to remember that you can't smoke just one. And it will be okay.**