I'm 81 days in and I just wanted to tell someone my little story.

On Feb 22nd I got really shit hammered with some friends playing poker.  Ended up getting really pissed off about 5 bucks and walking home.  I was losing; 5 bucks is a bigger deal when you're losing.

Now I get bad hangovers normally, but I woke up the next day with one of the worst ever.  After a few hours of letting it sink in I realized I was sick with a cold on top of it.  I felt like dying.  It is (was?) normal for me to not smoke cigarettes on a hangover, as they tend to exasperate them, so I didn't.

This turned out to be one of the worst colds I've ever had, and I hadn't been sick in a while.  After a few days I needed to get back to work so I took some Alka-Seltzer Cold & Sinus.  Stuff worked like magic - I don't remember Dayquil ever working that well.  Still wasn't smoking.  It had been a week.  I had smoked for 18 years, from 17-35, 1/2 to 1 pack per day.  But I noticed some itchy redness on the back of my hands...

Fast forward a few days and I am partially covered with rash like red bumps.  Trying to tough it out at work, but it keeps getting worse.  Eventually I am 100% covered with this rash, from head to toe.  And I am still full throttle sick with a cold as well.  

I stay at home, even though I can't really afford to, and it is just getting worse.  I legitimately think I might die, to the point where I had my cellphone in my sweatpants pocket at all times in case I had to dial 9-1-1.  My boss swings by my apartment to a rent check and mail it for me, "JESUS FUCKING CHRIST" is his reaction when he sees me, and he carefully takes the check from me with some paper towels.  I can't blame him, I looked like DEATH.  Here is a picture of my arm at the time: http://i.imgur.com/4606nTs.jpg

I post the arm picture on FB and 500 people respond within .08 nanoseconds telling me to go to the doctor.  Yeah, no shit.  But I am a stubborn piece of crap, and I honestly felt too sick to take a cab.  I felt like I might pass out or have a seizure in the cab.  The itching is uncontrollable at this point and I'm having cold sweats and fever. I wouldn't wish this on anyone.  

Fast forward a little bit and I am in the ER.  The triage lady goes "WHAT THE F..." but stops herself just shy of the jackpot when she sees my legs and arms.  I look photoshopped at this point.  They get me in a bed and strip me naked pronto.  All the nurses, doctors, janitors, etc. come and have a look at me.  They all comment they have never seen anything like it - parts of my leg are black from the rash at this point.  They try to get an IV in me somewhere between 10-15 times unsuccessfully - I am a "tough stick" apparently.  This is worse than waterboarding, I'm sure of it.  Eventually they get it in the back of my hand, (horrible), which is what they should have just tried in the first place.  That's mostly what I remember about the hospital.  The doctor assigned to me takes some photos to send to a dermatologist.  I joke with her that she better not be putting them on Facebook - she glanced at me guiltily like I had just busted her.

I'm back at home now with what amounts to Benadryl and Prednisone.  Both of them make my preexisting Restless Leg Syndrome intolerable.  If you've never had a BAD bout of this you don't know what I mean - but it's only classifiable as torture.  I'm in pure hell.  I haven't thought about cigarettes for several weeks now.  If I do I chuckle to myself about how stupid they are.  How did I do this for 18 years?  Am I really going to continue to suck on these things when/if I get better?  I blinked when I was 20 and now I'm 35, and I'm still sucking these things down.  I download Allan Carr's Easyway to Quit Smoking.  I read it one sitting, crying at times.

Fast forward a week.  I am back at work.  And now it's been 81 days.  I can breathe again.  Never. One. More. FUCKING. Cigarette.  Thanks for reading my story.