Aight dudes, I'm doing it forreal this time. Have a plan mapped out and everything. Check it out.

Okay folks so my plan is to get completely lampshaded tonight, play some Hearthstone, watch some Modern Family because I just finished my last pack. This time it definitely is my last pack. If I'm drinking, I can't drive, so I can't go get more smokes.   
  
Go to bed tonight, wake up tomorrow morning and immediately go to the gym. Afterwards, hit the sauna to sweat out that nicotine. No going to the petrol station and buying smokes for me. Bad boy.  
  
As a bonus, I'm going to post live updates. Whenever I feel like a smoke, I'm going to edit this document and add in a joke. The worse the craving, the more tasteless the joke. The goal is to get through this weekend, cause that's the tough part. Also maybe someone will give me gold. That would be nice.
  
Let's fuckin do this homies.  
  
EDIT1: Alright, it's 8:49PM and my craving was what made me post this. I should be going to bed around 1 or 2 (weekend, yay Australia) so expect updates 'till then!  
Q: How do you circumcise a hillbilly?  
A: Kick his sister in the jaw!  
  
EDIT2: 9:27PM. I normally have a smoke after dinner so that's what's bringing about these cravings. Turning on Hearthstone and watching Mitchell and Cameron completely destroy their lives.  
Q: Why does Dr. Pepper come in a bottle?  
A: Because his wife died.  
  
EDIT 3: 10:57AM. Man, really craving a smoke. The plan is to get my skeezy ass outta bed and drag it to the gym. I did chest and arms the day before yesterday so today it's gonna be back and shoulders! Keen for that. Gotta blow my nose at some point though. Uploaded a whole load of photos onto Facebook yesterday, just trying to see what's up with that. Hope everyone is doing well!  
Q: A dyslexic man walks into a bra.  
  
EDIT 4: 1:04PM. Dang, this is a bad craving. I haven't made it to the gym yet because I've been wasting time on Reddit and I watched a bit of TV with lunch. However, now I've eaten, and I'm on my way to it. I'm gonna do some cardio, some weights, and then hit the jacuzzi and the sauna! Then when I get back, if I still feel the need to smoke I'm going to read Allen Carr.  
"A man with 8 children is traveling by train. A lady asked: "Are they your children?" Man: "No Madam! Actually I am the owner of a condom company and they are the complaints of my customers.""  
  
EDIT 5: 3:39PM. No joke because I'm not craving anything right now! I was craving on my way to the gym, but got in there, busted out some k's on the bike and pumped some iron and now I'm going to go do the shopping for my Mum. I read somewhere that hitting the sauna gets nicotine out of your system quicker so that was my primary objective, but man saunas are boring and way too bloody hot so I was only in there for 10 minutes.  
Not sure how many of you are actually reading this crap but it's a nice way to quit! I'M SO HUNGRY.   
  
EDIT 6: 1:46AM. I'm craving a cig. Have been having some drinks, but I won't crack. I'm going to bed in about 15-20 minutes. There's no viable way of me cracking either considering I don't have any cigs on me and I'm not allowed to drive if I've drunken anything. So yep, just chillin' back at the pad. Played some league of legends with my bro, that was great fun!     
"A Priest, a Rabbi, and a schoolteacher with 30 kids are on a plane, but it starts to go down because the pilot has had a stroke! The teacher turns to the Priest and the Rabbi, and says, "We have to get these kids off this plane!"  
  
The Rabbi says, "HEY! Fuck the kids."  
The Priest says, "The plane's going down, but I think we have enough time!"  
   
EDIT 7: 3:59PM. It would be nice to have a cigarette right about now. I'm having some mood swings, but every time I want a cigarette I think about how AWESOME it is that I'm beating that nicotine dragon! About to go for a run, should take my mind off things! Day 3, almost complete! 