Smoking and depression

TL;DR:  Almost 4 months smoke free and still feeling depressed.  Talked to doctor yesterday and was prescribed Wellbutrin.  Has anyone had a similar situation or insight on any of this?

--=--

I'm posting this to see if anyone has any insight into this topic and to offer support for anyone else going through the same.  As of posting, I'm just shy of 4 months of not smoking.  Physically I'm feeling notably better and while I might get an occasional pang to smoke, particularly when I smell someone smoking a cigar or quality tobacco, I have no desire to go back to it.  So far, so good.

I used Champix to help ease the process of quitting, and by far, this quit has been the easiest quit and has had the best results.  After ~14 years of smoking and numerous attempts to quit, this is the first time I've gone this long fully determined not to pick up another cigarette again.  Still good so far.

About a week or so into actually not smoking (that is, ~10 days after starting the champix) I started feeling depressed, but not unbearably so.  When I tried to quit smoking on previous attempts I got REALLY depressed, so I was expecting the same experience this time.  And this time the depression *was* there, but it wasn't detrimental. I was able to keep a good schedule, stay motivated/productive, and used exercise to balance myself out when I was feeling down or anxious.  I'm chalking it up to my own determination for quitting, and to the medication for helping me get past the hardest part. And after about 2 months of no smoking, I was starting to feel good again.  Success.

Now, here comes the kicker.  About a month ago, ~1 week after I finished the champix program, I started to feel down.  Nothing major at first:  lack of motivation at work, difficulty falling asleep, not as much interest in going out socially, difficulty in keeping up my exercise routine.  Initially I just thought, meh, no worries, it'll pass. But it hasn't.  It's continued to get worse to the point that it's affecting all aspects of my life.

So yesterday I went to my doctor to get help.  He's a GP, and is also able to prescribe psychiatric medicine. I'm not exactly sure of his credentials, but that's not the issue, I've been seeing him for all my illnesses for 8 years now and I trust him.  He's the person that suggested going on champix to quit smoking.  I told him everything that I stated above, he asked me a handful of questions, and we had an interesting conversation.

The short of what the doctor said to me is that sometimes nicotine addiction can mask other underlying problems and that ultimately, right now he isn't sure if this depression is an acute or chronic problem.  He doubted that at this point, i.e. ~4 months smoke free, the way I'm feeling is solely due to lack of nicotine intake, but wasn't discounting that it's a possible contributing factor among other issues currently unspooling in my life.  His suggested course of action, which I'm following, is to go on wellbutrin (which, ironically, is an alternative to champix also used to help people quit smoking) with a followup in a month.  He also prescribed a low dose of xanax due to the aforementioned other issues, and to counter the jittery-ness commonly associated with starting wellbutrin.  

So, /r/stopsmoking , you've been wonderfully supportive in the past, and I need to lean on you again.  Has anyone here dealt with a similar situation?  Does anyone have any insight into what the doctor prescribed or my issues in general?  Although I know this isn't a good way of thinking about it, at the moment I'm feeling like I traded 1 drug for another, albeit one less destructive. 