I haven't felt this depressed in years.

Cigarettes had been with me for over 22 years. 

I had smoked since I was 8 years old. 

I used to steal packs of cigarettes from my best friend's dad, who was a truck driver for Marlboro in the 90's. 

Taking a carton or two was easy, especially when no one really paid any attention to you.

Cigarettes were always there for me. Through the tough times, through the good times.   


When I was hungry and decided nicotine was more important that healthy food.

When I was trying to be cool becoming as anti\-social as possible.

When I got out of the hospital.

When the family lost the house in 09'.

When the sheriff's came telling my family we had 48 hours to vacate.

When I had to move, again. That same year. 

When my brother choked his wife in front of me for years. 

When she broke up with me.

When we made up.

When I lost my wallet.

When I found some extra money.

When I came too early.

When I couldn't cum at all.

When I was unemployed for a year.

When I was doing night classes while driving that shitty delivery job for 2 years.

When I lost a shitty job.

When I finished my certificate.

When I got my dream job. 

When life shit on me.

When I shit on everyone else.

The funny thing is:

Cigarettes never solved my problems. 

Cigarettes never really were "there".

It was a crutch. I loved having an anti\-social "get away from me, I'm a smoker" bubble. I loved pretending I was special because I had the "guts" to do something as dangerous and stupid as smoking cigarettes. I bought into the mentality and the lifestyle. 

Cigarettes were my own personal religion complete with 20\+ daily rituals. 

That was all bullshit. Propaganda I had been fed through advertisements, other brainwashed people. 

Propaganda I had told myself. 

I just had to relearn how to solve them myself and look at other ways to handle situations previously "handled" by cigarettes.   


Cigarettes are like a bad, ex\-lover. You thought it felt good, but it was hell the entire time. 

I broke up with you, Cigarettes. I'm not answering your calls. Your texts are blocked. I threw out all your shit.   


Yeah, I'm sad right now but that's how my brain is trying to trick me back into a relationship with you.   


I don't need you anymore. 

Funny thing is, I never did.   
