2 weeks in and feeling consistently worse. Need advice.

Hi everybody, this is my first post on the sub, mostly because I thought I had nothing to add to the conversation so far.

15 days ago I decided to quit, one night I just thought to myself looking at my last cig of the pack "This will be the last"; and so it was. Next morning I didn't buy and since then I've been smoke free. The first few days I was feeling great, motivated and proud of myself. I didn't doubt for a second I could go through with it. I felt great. Unfortunately now things have changed.

It is impossible for me to stay away from smokers, a lot of my friends do, including my s/o. And this is not as huge a problem as is the way I feel. I didn't decide to quit smoking because I dislike it, I like smoking somehow, but I know it is bad for my health and the people around me and I wanted to start exercising and lose some weight. I wanted to be healthier and feel better, run further.

I haven't coughed out any strange things or nothing but I continuously get this feeling that I am being deprived, finally, of say a cigarette after lunch. I guess it's more psychological at this point, as I try to make sense of it. There is no coffee and a cig with my s/o when she tries to keep the smoke away from me. Simple things in life change. I've been buying a lot of chewing gum to keep me busy every time I feel like a cig.

I've been thinking about it and a friend recommended maybe to get one of those vaporisers and use the liquid that has 0% nicotine. I don't know much about these but from what he says at that point is basically just "smoking" water vapour. I guess it could help with me with the feeling of wanting a smoke without getting back on tobacco. I don't know if I want to because it would be basically replacing say an addiction with a placebo that still costs me money and is not really quitting.

I would really like some advice from you, more experienced, guys around here in /r/stopsmoking. Thanks a lot in advance and sorry for the wall of text. Have a nice Sunday. :)