quit smoking cold turkey 12 days ago after a 10 year old, 10-30 a day habit.

Before i quit smoking i was on 10-30 cigarettes a day since i was 14 (i'm now almost 25). the biggest challenge i had was work. At work, i don't get breaks - i'm a chef and only get to escape for a cigarette when i have no cheques. so the prospect of quitting smoking seemed like torture, since my cigarette break would calm me down after a busy rush, or after a difficult hour or so. 


but after a few weeks of worrying about my health, ontop of a year old persistent cough which sometimes ended up with me vomiting, losing my uncle to diabetes related illnesses and spurred on by sympathy for my partner who has had to make out with a tobacco tongue for the last few years, i decided it was time to stop.


it took about a week to really get the confidence to stop, but after going almost a whole day without smoking, my friend came over for dinner. He is a very heavy smoker and i ended up smoking 2 cigarettes, which i stubbed out halfway through and felt physically and psychologically sickened by.


the following day i bit the bullet and went into a 12 hour solo shift in my kitchen with no cigarettes, no e-cigarettes, no patches, just plain gum(no nicotine - haven't got the money to waste on nicotine gum)


i fully expected cravings, and worried about losing my mind from the other withdrawals, since so many people said it was worse than quitting heroin. but all i have to say is, if you don't have that first cigarette at any point, by the time the evening comes you'll thank yourself.


i struggled to sleep the first few nights, and smoking a little bit of weed in a pipe helped to steer off the cravings before bed and one night i needed to take a strong antihystemine to sleep. but since then i've been fine with no cigs!


the only issue is the sinus/throat/chest ache from dry coughing, which i assume is my body starting to heal itself. it's making me want to see the doctor, but i think it'll eventually pass. 

has anybody else found any strange chest/throat pains after quitting a heavy habit? 