What was your reason for that cigarette again?

There was a knock at the door. Of course there is. I haven't had a nap in months.  Why can't people be home to get their own packages? 

It was the police. 

Do you know a "DrPink"? He's my husband. 
When was the last time you spoke to your husband? Last night? I get up early and just got home from work.
Do you know where he is right now? At work?
Where exactly is that? Do you have a phone number for him?  What's going on?
We have a report that he emailed his physician threatening self harm, unfortunately that report was sent two hours ago and we just received it.  Can you attempt to phone him?  Yes, I have a tracker on his phone, he's due home soon. 
I check my phone, realise that he never answered the text I send hours ago. My phone can't locate his. He doesn't pick up the call when I phone.  I text him asking him to call, in a urgent yet non urgent way like the police tell me to.
I'm going to pass out.
Do you have a recent photo of your husband? Here in my phone; that's from two days ago. 
Do you know what he's wearing? I can guess....something similar to what's in the photo.
Can I take this photo and forward it to our colleagues? Yes.
We have people checking his work.  Has he been depressed? Yes, he's been ill, it makes him feel worse, very tired, with his condition.  Has he given any indication that he would self harm? Never, he's not the type, if there is a type.
He's angry, depressed, and frustrated with his illness, but he's been like this for three years. It's not gotten worse.
My heart is beating too fast. I need to sit down.
My phone rings: it's him.
Do not let him know what we are here. Find out his location and we'll send someone to him. 
Do you want anything from that Tescos? Water....do you want me to cook or should I just order pizza? Pizza. Okay.
Are you almost home? I tried to call you.  I just got off the train.
You're at the train station?
I look at my phone and it's found his, he's there. I get off the phone and show the police where he is. Another car picks him up and brings him home.  It's all been a misunderstanding, just an angry letter to his doctor. But he won't show it to me.  
After the police leave, we fight. As the shock wears off, we fight more. I fight; he tries to make light of the situation. But I've been through this before, three years ago, when they thought he would die from the aneurysm.  I can't take this. I can't even be happy he is okay. Maybe it's the shock.
It's been two days, I've read the letter and it was a misunderstanding.
I realised a couple of hours ago, I never thought of smoking. Not once.
Relapse isn't mandatory. Get though the little rough patches with will power (or whatever works for you) and eventually you won't even consider smoking when the shit gets bad.


