10 days into my second (and final) quit. I have some words of advice, and a warning.

I was wanting to wait until my 30 day anniversary to make a post, but I figure I should make a post right now while I'm thinking about it.

Basically, the first time I quit my method was using the patch and reading Allen Carr. I got halfway through the book before realizing I didn't really need it anymore, and gave up on the patch about four months after my quit date (which isn't recommended if you REALLY want to quit). Seven months down the road, I was hanging with some friends who smoke, and I gave in. I thought I could smoke one or two and that would be it, but no, I greatly underestimated the power of nicotine. This was back in 2011. The only other time I quit was during basic training and AIT in the Army for roughly 7 months as well. Been smoking since I was 16, and I'm 28 now.

This time I decided to try out a new method and purchased a product I found on Amazon. It's called Nic Out, and it's a filter you put on the end of your cigarette that traps most of the tar and supposedly nicotine. Each pack comes with 30 filters, and one filter lasts 3-5 cigarettes. After using them for one pack, I had no urge to buy another pack and keep smoking. Didn't even have any cravings, really. Okay, maybe minor cravings, but nothing like "I'm about to kill someone for a smoke". The cravings usually only last a minute, and I average maybe one a day. I believe the Nic Out product has helped immensely with my quitting.

Another thing that has helped me was Allen Carr. I didn't read his entire book, although I do intend to one day, but what little bit I needed I gathered from the first few chapters. You must realize you are addicted to nicotine. It's a powerful drug, and without it you suffer withdrawal symptoms (i.e. crankiness, nervousness). Carr taught that every cigarette that was smoked brought you back to what you perceive as normal, but in reality it is just nicotine creating a false sense of security. The only true way to feel normal is to just quit, and quitting cold turkey I feel may be the best way to go about it. You just have to be ready to quit. You can't just smoke a pack and say "I'm done." It doesn't work like that. You have to put your heart and your mind into it or you will fail. 

I should also add that I take Xanax and anti-depressants for unrelated problems, and I think that they have helped too. In fact, for the first time ever, I feel the Xanax working as it was intended, which is a really good thing because I suffer from pretty bad anxiety.

Your first 72 hours will be the worst. If you are a heavy smoker, intend on the first week to be rough. But after that first week you will start to regain your sense of smell and taste and it's such a wonderful feeling. Steak tastes better. Bud Light tastes worse. The whiff of perfume of that fine lass that walked by is more noticeable to you, and luckily for you, you don't smell like an ashtray so you have no problem getting her number. Quitting smoking has so many positive benefits it is impossible to type them out to you here.

But there is a catch that I have noticed. The absence of nicotine creates a void that is hard to fill in. Personally, I've started to notice that I am eating more and enjoying food a bit too much. I've also started to drink a bit more, but nothing too bad (I don't think). Maybe a six-pack 3-4 times a week. In the last week I've gained 5 lbs. and I'm going to have to start watching what I eat. Besides smoking, another thing runs in my family: diabetes. And we all know if you're heavyset, the risk of diabetes goes up. So please, once you quit the nicotine habit, be mindful of what you fill the gap in with. Go for a walk, eat healthier, do something good for your body for a change. It'll make you feel better and you'll live longer.

Good luck to all my fellow quitters out there. We can do this together!

Edit (2 days later): Just found out my dad has been diagnosed with emphysema. One of the worst days of my life...but more resolve to stay the course.