The first week is the hardest of them all, so I'm pulling the plugs, and completely getting away from temptation. I quit on 8/20.

TL;DR: I am going on a 10 night solo backcountry backpacking trip, and I am not bringing any cigarettes with me.  

I am a 2+ pack a day smoker.  The + is for when I am drinking, of course...

Routine is the problem, isn't it?  My weakest moments are right now, when I am having my morning coffee, or when I am driving to work, or after a nice meal.  All those years forming the habits are hard to overcome.  So I am not even going to try.  

My plan is to completely change my routine, at least for a little while; 10 days to be exact, long enough to get past the first week, and with enough of a physical and emotional investment to get past the first year, hopefully.  

I am going out to the North Woods for a 10 day solo backpacking trip.  Just me, my boots, my backpack and absolutely no cigarettes at all.  

On August 20th, I will be taking a boat to Isle Royale National Park.  I will be spending 10 days in the backcountry, hiking some of the islands most difficult and longest trails.  

Now, this is my 4th extended backcountry trip, and I know exactly what I am doing.  I am just not going to bring cigarettes with me.  The fresh air, exercise, solitude, and the simple fact that I am completely away from my normal routine, will allow me to kick the habit for good if all goes as planned.  And when I do get back in the routine, Ill be 10 days away from my last smoke.  

Also, as an added bonus, when the temptation does hit me on the trail, I will be miles away from the nearest convenience store.  My only chance at finding a cigarette will be if another backpacker happens to have one.  But late August is the beginning of the off season; the college kids are back in school.  Not that that matters any way.  I would be a fools fool if I had a smoke after spending the amount of time and money I have spent preparing for this trip.  

But that said, I will spend about $900 total (I already had most of the gear, and this number includes ferry fare, gas to and from the ferry, which is 600 miles away, food and what additional gear I needed.) 

At $7/pack, which for me is $14/day, it will take me 65 days to start seeing a return on investment...and that does not even figure the savings on future health costs. 

So, wish me luck, and consider that math if you feel something like this could help you quit.  