3rd Time Cold Turkey

Hey r/stopsmoking!

I've lurked on and off here lately because I've been preparing for my latest cessation (hopefully my last). One thing that always helps me is knowing that others face the same obstacles, and sometimes have the same justifications for either delaying the cessation, or just having the 'one' final cigarette. I feel like it's time I contribute with something of my own, so here goes.

I'm 28, and I'm about 44 hours into my 3rd (proper) cold turkey attempt. My last 2 attempts were at age 20 and age 25. I smoked from hmm.. age 16 'til 20, and it was the health side of things that motivated me the most. I found the attempt easy because I was more excited about being active etc again than I missed cigarettes. I had gotten sick of them, and the cough etc.

Age 24, I literally start again because I thought I could get away with 'one now and again' and fell into addiction. In the 4 years prior, I was completely smoke-free aside from having some when drinking (21 onwards). My first sober cigarette was the big mistake. I enjoyed it too much. I wanted another, and kept enjoying them 'til I was a full-time smoker at work. It didn't help that my girlfriends around that period were also smokers so it would spill into my personal life too.

Age 26, and I realise how much that one cigarette had gotten out of hand. I needed to just bite the bullet. I had started going out with a new girl who didn't smoke, so it was easier to avoid them in my personal life, but work was still a struggle. I'd had a few attempts in the 2 years of smoking again to quit, but I was just enjoying it too much. This cessation was harder and once again junk food was the saviour lol.

Today is day 2 of the 3rd attempt to kick the habit for good. I've accidentally gotten into a full-time habit again because I thought I could get away with one now and again (cannot believe I made that mistake again). The main inspiration behind this one is saving money, but everything else counts too. I don't really have much interesting to share from my stories, however I have small pieces of advice for cold turkey that help me a lot and I'd like to pass them on for what ever they are worth.

1. Want it. Don't quit because you feel you 'have to' or it's a losing battle. I've found when I am really fed up of smoking, that's when things seem to click into place and I can quit successfully. Of course even when you want to quit, you will still have cravings, but you have more of a mental edge to beat them.

2. Know what lies ahead for the first week. Don't quit in the midst of chaos at work or in your personal life. Know (for the most part) what you are doing each day, and where you will be. A bad surprise will likely lead to a relapse (they did for me). Don't do it on a week that is too stressful, but don't do it on a week that is too boring. The first week is intense but things get better VERY quickly after that.

3. Don't be hard on yourself for anything in that first week (within reason). You're going to eat more, and it likely won't be healthy stuff. You'll probably smash through your sugar RDA daily but who cares? It's only for a week.

4. Live in the moment. This is a hard one to explain, but I guess I can compare it to a roulette wheel or something. Some people always assume that if the wheel has landed on black for the past 5 spins that it is more likely to land on red than black next time. False, because every spin is back to 50/50. The wheel has no memory. I try to just be 'in the moment' when trying to quit and not think about how many hours in I am. The time is  'right now', and I just need to concentrate on not smoking right now. The craving will pass shortly, and I will just remind myself that I'm comfortable.

5. There is no 'perfect last cigarette'. I've seen this mentioned a few times on here but it's so important to reinforce. There will never be that last cigarette that satisfies you for life. Maybe it will at the time, but one hour later and that feeling will have definitely faded. No matter how you feel with that last smoke, cold turkey will be intense (well, depends on your brain too). I feel irritable and can't concentrate much right now (hence why this is a ramble, and as soon as I finish I'll have a craving), but in my mind I am nearly mid-way to easy street. Cold turkey is the most intense but it peaks early and fades fast. Personally I am a man of extremes so I don't do well 'cutting down' (hence why attempting to be a part time smoker always bit me in the ass lol), so here we go.

I've likely forgotten a few points but may add later. Thanks for reading my rant, and I hope that at least someone has benefited from this in a way.

