After a year, I smoked

Hi, I'm here to share my experience with tobacco with you. I started smoking when I was 11 years old and I'm now with 26. I was also a regular user of several other drugs, especially alcohol and marijuana, but also cocaine, MDMA and heroine. I used drugs a lot, but I was never a junkie (i.e. never had any problems with money because of drugs), I drank and smoked pot everyday, though I still worked and made money. Gradually I stopped to use drugs in 2016, I was kind of tired of using it, tired of the people around me, using drugs was getting me bored and in march I was already just on tobacco (with the exception of wine, which I drank sometimes during meals, never getting drunk in the process), all the other addictions were easy to leave. The problem was to stop using tobacco, I couldn't make the first day, I smoked one to two packs a day and had plenty of rituals, a lot of them included other drugs (e.g. smoking a cigarrette after smoking pot, smoking while drinking, smoking after a blow) but the majority included everyday activities (e.g. smoking while defecating, smoking after eating, smoking after sex, smoking after waking up). In july I could make it for the first day, and this was the day, it was hard, painful, terrible, in the next day, a sunday, I smoked one cigarrette that my father gave to me on a barbecue, but it was not enough to make me come back, and I tried to stop again, in the same day, and this was the only cigarrette I smoked in more than 365 days. In july of 2017 a very special party happened, it was the wedding of my only sister and there was plenty of good scotch, good food, good beer, good wine, etc.; my plan was to don't drink and just eat, and I did it trough the first half of the party, but I couldn't resist to the general happinness of the party, I was very emotional at this day and decided to get a dose of scotch. In the first drink I perceived that I had to smoke a cigarrette, while at the same time I perceived how delicious that scotch was, and it was a very delicious night, I had a lot of fun, drank 8 doses of scotch and smoked four cigarrettes. The taste of scotch mixed with tobacco, it was really delicious, I always liked this mix, to talk the truth I really enjoy how it tastes like. Then, a time after the wedding, some days ago, there was a barbecue on my sister's house, my plan was to not drink, but a cousin of mine brought a very nice scotch and I, again, couldn't resist; in this day I drank five doses of scotch and smoked one cigarrette. I really enjoyed the experience and it tasted really nice. Well, I'm in a kind of dark period now, I really don't know if I want to keep without drinking, and I can't drink without smoking (for me it's like having sex without ejaculating, except when it's wine we talk about, wine is more a food to me), I was thinking about starting to smoke cigars, I always like it, I could smoke one time per month only, with a very nice scotch or any other hard liquor, it would be taste and not addiction, but I think it's a bad idea. That's all, I wanted to share this because it was hard for me to stop smoking, though the first day is the worse, the first week in general is really bad, the rest is much more okay, though after more than a year I kind of came back to zero, three days without smoking now. My advise would be: if you don't really want to smoke, don't drink at all.