Spiral of death

In most areas I can trust my brain to do the right thing, but there's one area where it's failing me.

For the last 3 nights I've been having a new kind of panic attack - new in that it's not fear of death from heart-attack, but instead fear of death from not being able to breathe.

The heart-attack version is a no-brainer for me - I slow my breathing, remind myself that it's only a panic attack, remind myself to reduce coffee intake and manage stress levels better. Pretty standard stuff. If you were having such a panic attack, I'd be able to help you get through it.

You could say that for me, the fear during panic-attacks is really the fear that it isn't a panic-attack, and so far they all have been, so this one probably is too, so it fades away. I hope that makes sense.

The new type is different because it's brought on by physical sensation - the sensation of not being able to get a good, oxygen-rich breath. That I'm not quite there. That respiration is broken.

After three nights of this, I managed to sleep well last night because I've had a couple of nights of this and I'm still here, so whatever the physical problem is, it's chronic rather than acute, so I can get on with sleeping.

I'm going to go to the doctor soon to find out when I'm going to die, or that my lungs are fine and it's probably stress-related or whatever. That's not the problem.

The problem is this: fear makes me want a cigarette. I'm smoking right now. I've been smoking more during the last 3 days than I usually do. Sometimes several in an hour.

On the day after the first of these new type of panic-attacks, I gave up smoking, and that green app keeps telling me how well I'm doing. But I only lasted 5 hours and just haven't told the app yet. It thinks I'm on 2 days and 7 hours.

I go from being utterly convinced that I'm never going to smoke again, to smoking a cigarette in about five seconds. Then back again. Not possessing cigarettes only slows this down by five minutes as I live right by a shop. 

I think I may even be experiencing the two states, committed non-smoker and actually smoking, simultaneously. At least for the first couple of seconds after lighting up.

I've tried to give up many times, and have used hypnosis, gum, lozenges, patches, will power alone, meditation, herbal cigarettes, vapes, Allen Carr (books and group-sessions), apps, government health-service programs.

I've been smoking for over thirty years.

I feel like there's a glitch in my brain. That I've got some rare, extra-strong version of addiction, where normal cessation methods don't, can't, work. Like a shit super-power.

But I know that there are millions of people who keep smoking with COPD, or lung cancer. That hobble out of the cancer ward for a sneaky cigarette. Some, apparently, smoke through a tracheotomy hole.

I'm worried that I'm one of those people. That while there are still cigarettes, and while I'm physically capable of smoking, I'll smoke.

Smoking is the worst thing in my life. I don't want to die young. I hate it. It makes me hate myself. For wasting my life. For dying instead of living. For the way it will affect my partner, and the way that it will render anything I achieve to help my future self worthless, because I won't be here.