Here we go again, my nth time quitting. Will I come out of this a free man?

I've been lurking for a while now, I think I'm ready to quit, again. I've seen how some of you guys have successfully managed to free yourself, I now need your help freeing myself. Reddit has become my go-to source for anything new I stumble upon and the community has always come through for me. I'm hoping I quit forever this time, since I'm going to do it with you lot. 

It's ridiculous why I started smoking. Having been raised in a non-smoking, non-drinking family, I've often wondered how the fuck did I even end up being enslaved. Quite simple, come to think of it. Back in my late teens, I ended up with a confrontational attitude towards authority. I rebelled against teachers at school. Teen goes Rambo against people telling him what to do, surprise, surprise. We had something stupid called mandatory study hours, which I didn't see the point in, considering I was already doing well at school and was studying well past the required hours as laid down by the institution I was enrolled in. Tipping point past, I changed schools and ended up making the wonderful decision that I would take up smoking and drinking. This was the time when all my friends from childhood were now at legal drinking age and all these guys who I'd looked up to as people who could do no wrong, were smoking. I was convinced it couldn't be that bad if 'these' guys did it. 

That was nearly 7 years ago. As you would all understand, I never really 'liked' smoking but just went with it because it had become familiar. Completely aware of what it meant to my health, I've tried numerous times to quit. Successfully, I used to think. Cold turkey, six months? Easy. However, as I've read numerous times here, it's just one night, one party and I'm back to the norm from the next day. 

I do not want to be the guy browsing webmd every time I have a health issue wondering if it's related to smoking. I do not want to be forever coughing up and blowing phlegm. I do not want those occasional headaches, neither the need to go out in the freezing cold for a fucking smoke. It's appalling that I wouldn't go out if it's too cold to buy groceries but have no qualms about grabbing my jacket to go out for a smoke. It's also ridiculous that I felt the need to create a new account for this subreddit like this was /r/TIFU just simply because I do not want the label of 'smoker' to be attached to my other account. 

My first post here was going to be different. I've been planning to quit for some time now, was almost done with my last pack and was about to go cold turkey from tomorrow morning. I thought I'd asked your support to help stop me from buying the next pack tomorrow, which I eventually would have, as the last three packs would tell you. Or the previous two packs of tobacco and rolling papers before, which I thought would help me cut down on how much I smoke. 

That was until I read /u/DeceptiFob 's post about how Easyway is helping and /u/binary_digit 's subsequent comment. So I grabbed myself a copy of Easyway and the first chapter asks the reader to not stop smoking until I'm done with the book, entirely. Surprisingly, I was reluctant to go get myself a pack, but I've done it. I plan to post updates as I'm going through the book and hopefully, I come out a winner this time.