Wanted to brag here last week, but here I am now, seeking help

Last weekend was my first long weekend holiday after I quit smoking. I thought the situation was ripe for triggers all around. Outside the train station, during one of the longer halts, getting off the train breathing in the crisp air outside. These were all the instances that I usually associate with a cigarette, however, I had no cravings, at all. I spent most of the holiday with good friends, well, drinking late into the night by the fire. Holidays done I'm back to my normal grind. I've been meaning to post here for a whole week bragging about how I enjoyed my vacation without any cravings, however never found the time to do so. There's been just so much to do. 

Now it's become so hectic, that the last two days I've been getting anxious and craving for a smoke. I remember each step as I walked back home last night. There was first a convenience store where I'd buy tobacco for rolling my ciggies, I walked past it telling myself I'd get the cigarette from the vending machine, since I was gonna smoke only one or two and didn't need a whole tobacco pack. 

I walked past the vending machine at the last moment telling myself I'd come back here if I still felt like smoking after a while. I still shudder at the thought of having almost given in. I dread the thought of resetting my badge and starting again from zero. 

I realize that the only shred of support that's holding me back is the constant hammering away of the words that smoking the cigarette isn't actually going to help ease the stress. I quit because of this realization that smoking was doing much to alleviate the usual stresses of life. I also do not want to get back to the person I was a couple of weeks ago. I swim these days, I run, I wake up on time for school, I haven't coughed in a long time, I do not feel the heaviness in my chest, I do not have random headaches, I do not stink, I do not worry about bad breath. Damn. I'm just afraid that I'm always so close to falling back into it. It would be just so fuckin easy to start with another pack.

I should probably get that bike i've been meaning to for some time now. Get something nice to keep myself busy and off the fear of this addiction.

Thanks for reading.