23 years old-Smoked for 7 years- Quit on February 10th, 2013

Hey everyone! Just wanted to pop in and share my experience with you guys. 

When I was 14 I picked up my first cigarette. I didn't inhale it, I just puffed on it and thought it was gross. I had a couple more at that age, and had a few when I was 15, until I actually Inhaled one. I remember the immense pressure in my chest, but I was in front of a girl so I played it cool. I had finally got the full experience of smoking. That's when I was hooked, before I even knew it. By the time I was 16 years old, I was smoking a cigarette before school, beginning of lunch, end of lunch, during my auto tech class (not heavily supervised), and right after school. I eventually became about a half a pack a day smoker until I went away to college when I was 19. When I was 19 is when it really picked up. I was partying, drinking, and smoking around a pack a day. I even got as bad as about a pack and a half a day. At that point I figured that it was too much and I needed to quit. I quit for about 3 or 4 months until I eventually got back into it. I was back on it until I went into the Air Force. Basic Training obviously did not allow smoking, so that was 9 weeks at which I was unable to. Afterwards, I felt like I deserved one, and I never had the full intent to quit. Once again, I was back on it. 2 years later, after an early medical discharge, I eventually said enough was enough. I was tired of cigarettes controlling my life. I had now basically smoke the last 1/3rd of my life, and it was time for me to get that shit out of my life. I decided on the last day of a trip to New Orleans, I was going to put the lighter away for good. On February 10th, 2013 I made one of the best decision of my life. Now, on March 21, 2014, I am staying strong. I've had my slip ups, usually while drinking, but I have not let it stop me. I am no longer a smoker. I can breathe, run, work out, and do whatever I want without those things holding me back. I have never felt better. 

Now, cigarettes have became a nuisance. They're disgusting smelling, it burns when I'm around smokers and I can feel the smoke go up my nose. If I'm around smokers for an extended period of time, I feel like shit the next day. I am confident in saying I am not a smoker, because I have finally gotten to the point to where I am repulsed by them. It's been a tough but easy journey at the same time. If I could give any advice to anyone, it's that if you tell yourself how difficult it is to quit, it's going to be just that difficult. If you tell yourself it's easy, it will be easy. Quitting can be as easy as you let it be, so just let yourself quit, and don't be such a pussy about it. 

TL;DR: Started smoking when I was 15, eventually got to a pack and a half a day. Quit a few times, didn't work out. Quit when I was 22 and it has now been over a year. 

