Alright then, if you really want to quit...

Looks like I made it a year, and this subreddit was critical, so let me try to give a little something back. I wrote a piece for my blog - http://theotherericrasmussen.blogspot.com/2015/08/a-letter-to-myself-as-smoker-one-year.html - which focuses more on the emotion of the anniversary. For y’all, here is my advice for all those lurking and waiting to quit, like I was, one year ago today…

1. Learn about nicotine. Nicotine is the reason you are struggling. It’s not habit, routine, social pressures, or anything else. Every single excuse you’ve come up with is smokescreen placed there by the chemical nicotine. So go learn about how it changes your thinking, how it affects your brain. Go learn what it has done to other people, and how they are dealing with it. For me, Allen Carr’s materials and this subreddit were huge. Once I learned the enemy’s tactics, I could subvert them, and then win the war, finally. Knowledge is power.

2. Find help. A spouse, significant other, or good friend is probably going to be critical. They may not understand your addiction, but make sure they understand that it’s going to be a rough stretch, and if he or she cares about you, you need help. If you were sick with a terrible flu for three weeks, this person would care for you, bring you soup and Nyquil, right? Well, quitting is like a terrible three-week sickness, but instead of soup and medicine, you need support and understanding and footrubs and high fives and treats and rewards. Effort is met with effort, and this person will be your coach, and hopefully they will recognize that if they try hard to support you, you will try hard to quit. For that person, and for you, remember 3 & 3 & 3. Someone shared this on here last year, and it made total sense. In three days, the initial chemical addiction symptoms will fade, headaches, shaking, etc. In three weeks, you will be done thinking about cigarettes all day long. In three months, life will be pretty much back to normal, with much less frequent obsession with smoking.

3. Find a replacement. This can be a little replacement, an in-the-moment stand-in for cigarettes. For me, it was green tea, which required a little ceremony to make it, much like going out to the garage and lighting up. Or this can be a big replacement, some giant reward that you’ve set up for yourself – we saved some money to replace my ten year old car, and I wasn’t “allowed” to make that purchase until I hadn’t smoked for three months. It worked.

Those were the biggest three factors in my quitting. Your quitting will look much different, but these three are general enough that they might help.

And hey, good luck! It’s going to suck, but nothing worth doing is easy. I’m rooting for you.
