I quit smoking two days after I bought an ashtray.

So I smoked for five years. I kept a 1 cigarette a day average during college (I was on a sports team) and then started smoking a pack a day when I moved to Buenos Aires (cigarettes are a dollar a pack there (or were) and fuck it, I'm a sociable dude, and everyone was smoking). I moved here to France with my wife and promised her I'd quit before we had kids.

 I've tried and failed a bunch of times, but the turning point to me was buying an ashtray. Right after I bought the ashtray, as I was enjoying a smoke on my balcony, it just hit me. I'm not just a smoker. I'm a smoker with smoking paraphernalia. And I don't want to be that smoker. So I bought an e cigarette, finished that last pack, and feel great. Man, have I forgotten a lot of smells and tastes. Like the smell of smoke, for example. I never knew my neighbors on the 3rd floor and my other neighbors on the 4th smoked. Now I know though, smells like hell when I walk by their doors. 

I really like this David Sedaris quote about quitting

>It’s one thing to give up smoking, and another to become a former smoker. That’s what I would be the moment I left the bar, and so I lingered awhile, looking at my garish disposable lighter and the crudded-up aluminum ashtray. When I eventually got up to leave, Hugh pointed out that I had five cigarettes left in my pack.

>“Are you just going to leave them there on the table?”

>I answered with a line I’d got years ago from a German woman. Her name was Tini Haffmans, and though she often apologized for the state of her English, I wouldn’t have wanted it to be any better. When it came to verb conjugation, she was beyond reproach, but every so often she’d get a word wrong. The effect was not a loss of meaning but a heightening of it. I once asked if her neighbor smoked, and she thought for a moment before saying, “Karl has . . . finished with his smoking.”



>She meant, of course, that he had quit, but I much preferred her mistaken version. “Finished” made it sound as if he’d been allotted a certain number of cigarettes, three hundred thousand, say, delivered at the time of his birth. If he’d started a year later or smoked more slowly, he might still be at it, but, as it stood, he had worked his way to the last one, and then moved on with his life. This, I thought, was how I would look at it. Yes, there were five more Kool Milds in that particular pack, and twenty-six cartons stashed away at home, but those were extra—an accounting error. In terms of my smoking, I had just finished with it.



I'm overjoyed I smoked all I had in me, and now that's done.

Here's to moving on.