I Quit!

Last July was a pretty shitty time for me, I had just taken my AS level exams and was very stressed. The following weeks were pretty bad, I was constantly worrying about how badly I did and how screwed I'd be in the future if I messed them up, it was at this time that I got introduced to smoking. 

At first it was great, it made me feel more relaxed and it was as if the weight of my future A-level results was lifted off my shoulders. This continued for about a month or so afterwards until the novelty of it started to wear off and then it just felt like another burden on my shoulders, I soon began to realise that smoking wasn't as good as I originally thought it was. 

November rolled around and I turned 18, this meant I was now legally allowed to buy cigarettes, which made things a hell of a lot worse. I went from smoking a pack a week, to a pack every other day, to smoking a pack a day in such a short period of time. 

I've put off the idea of quitting smoking for about 2 months now because pretty much all my friends smoke, and the chances are I won't be able to go through with it. However, today I had 3 cigarettes left and I decided that I'm going to try and quit after they're gone, so today, at 11:47, I smoked my last cigarette...for now.

There are numerous reasons as to why I want to quit. Firstly, it's so costly. The pack I usually buy costs £6.49, which is cheaper than the ones my friends get, but since I usually get a pack a day, it all adds up. Secondly, I constantly smell of smoke and it's horrible, it gets to the point where sometimes it's so strong, it even makes me feel sick. The final reason is probably the most important one, my health. I've only been smoking for 6 months and I already dread to think of what it's done to my body in that period of time.

So yeah, I'm determined to make sure from this point forward that I never smoke another cigarette again, after reading other peoples stories on here, I know full well that it's not going to be an easy thing to do but it's something I'm going to have to do before it's too late. 