I've tried and failed so many times, and I want this time to stick

I've been smoking 3 years and I've tried to give up this awful habit so many times. I picked it up in university and it's one of my worst mistakes. At first I hid it and only smoked in secret when I was sure none of my friends were nearby. It tasted awful and I fooled myself into thinking I'd never get addicted. The Friend who got me into it said she wanted to exercise her willpower (sounds silly, I know) by starting and then making sure she didn't get addicted, and somehow I got drawn in. That Friend now does cocaine and estacy and I'm glad I never went any further down that path that experimenting with weed in Amsterdam (and I fortunately hate the stuff). 

As I got more comfortable I started smoking in front of my friends (all of whom never smoked). It was a sore point and my relationships suffered (being from an Asian circle of friends who are all high achievers will do that). In those years I felt lost and depressed often and I fooled myself into thinking that smoking was getting me through my bad days (when I now know they probably made them worse). I drifted from my old friends and found new ones, some of whom were accepting of the cigs and of my feeble attempts to quit. One of them even gave me an ecig for my birthday after I constantly complaint about having trouble quitting . Other ex smokers gave me Alan carr's book about quitting and after I read that I was so ready to quit. My Girlfriend at the time hated me smoking and I quit partly to smooth things over with her. As soon as that ended I lost the motivation to quit and I started up all over again. 

It's been a bumpy ride smoking through the last few years and I think I've finally had the epiphany I need. I bought a pack today, smoked one after not having had any for almost a week, and I hated the taste, and the effect it had on my mood and mind. 

I thought about my future and how I would constantly be hating myself if I kept smoking over and over, and lapsing into depression. So I'm going to exercise that willpower muscle the proper way and never have another goddamn cigarette again as long as I live. thanks for reading the rant, if you did. Stay strong my friends