How I learned to stop worrying and love not smoking: looking back on 1 month cigarette free.

I wrote the following a few hours after my last cigarette. That was a month and a few days ago. I quit after reading Allen Carr's book, and this post is basically a recommendation and endorsement for that method. So hopefully someone reads this, and contemplates this thought: I was excited to quit, as you can see below, and knew with certainty I would succeed before I had even extinguished my last cigarette. And yet, over the last month, I realized I wasn't excited *enough*, and I wasn't certain *enough* that I would succeed! It has been far easier and more enjoyable than I expected.

This has been the best month I've had since my first cigarette. To everyone who has thought about quitting: give Allen Carr's book a read; you don't even need to decide to quit. To everyone who has quit, and everyone continuing to support people on this sub: congrats, you rule, keep it up, and thank you!

Anyway, here's what I wrote shortly after my last cigarette:


---

The last cigarette has been smoked, the slavery has ended, I'm free, etc.

This is exciting! I'm elated. My life has never been *too* bad, but it's about to get even better—starting with my physical and mental health. In fact, two hours in, I already feel mentally better. A great weight has been lifted, and all that. So this is the end of me as a smoker, and the beginning of me as a non-smoker.

I finished Allen Carr's book during my lunch break today. I smoked my last cigarette—and really paid attention to how disgusting it was, and how when I would smoke I would rarely even notice that I was smoking. Then I called my mom, because I'm a good boy. I solemnly vowed with her as my witness that I would never smoke another cigarette, nor consume nicotine in any other form. However, it's important to note the distinction, as I explained to my mom (like I said, I'm a good boy): I don't feel like, "Now I have to never smoke again," but rather, "Now I never have to smoke again." My mom could tell how excited and happy I was, and it was basically all because of that distinction.

This is already totally unlike any of the previous times I've quit, when I had zero certainty that I would really go through with such a "sacrifice." Last time I quit, when I went into work, I spent four hours with my head in my hands suffering. Then a coworker asked me some simple question, and the only way I could think to respond was, "Hold that question, I am going to the corner store and I'll be back in twenty minutes after I've chain smoked three or four cigarettes."

This time, I don't feel like I'm sacrificing anything. I don't feel like this will be a mentally taxing endeavor—or even an endeavor at all. It's much more like I had been stuck in a cell, and wouldn't believe it when told I could just walk out and go back to enjoying life like I once did. Well, I've done just that, and I'm not looking back.

My biggest problems with quitting always came in the office. I thought I was using cigarettes as an aid to productivity and focus when at my desk. It's now painfully obvious to me that in fact they were the cause of my lack of focus. Whatever withdrawal symptoms I might face—and I do believe all of the really difficult ones were purely of my own imagination, hardly at all due to the tobacco—I know they won't last, and they are nothing in comparison to the constant stress of "needing" another cigarette, even when I'd just finished one.

I'm done forever. Heck yeah, boiiiii.