Hour 124. (Apologies for length and language.)

Hour 124. 

Quitting you, nicotine,  is like peeling an onion. Just when I think I have one issue settled, you peel back another layer of bullshit, layers and layers of physical and mental addiction, of symptoms I've only seen in fucking DARE-esque videos of heroin addicts going through DT's. 

I am fucking sweating. I stink, and not the raw, natural body odor produced by humans, but a sharp metallic chemical scent that burns my nostrils like kerosene.  Deep, healing breaths of fresh slightly-cool air go down my throat like tiny shards of broken glass. A simple warm bath makes my skin fucking crawl  as though my body is confusing a relaxing soak with someone shoving sharpened bamboo reeds until my toenails. 

I'm taking all the right steps. Popping mints like a junkie. Coating my throat with spearmint, wintergreen, and peppermint. The coldness lingers and cloys, and I can't breath through it. That's the hardest part to resist...even moreso than the thought of calming my shaking fingers as I feel your familiar tube-like shape settle into a locked and ready position. No, the sweet siren song of smoke rushing throughout my throat and down to my lungs...that's what  I think about. That's what  I dream about, sometimes at night but constantly awake. My imagination has never been so rich and fulfilling as when I'm using it to remember that first...solid...breath. We had an abusive relationship of the worst caliber; my lungs will not expand properly, unless its for you, nicotine. 

I'm objectively a reasonably-intelligent person. I recognize this is the symptoms of mental addiction, of the quitting in and of itself. I know on an objective, observable platform that it gets better. That one day I'll go outside and fully inhale a lungful of sweet fresh summer air, and feel it. I'll appreciate it for the breath it is, as opposed to looking forward to experiencing that fresh sweet summer air around a lungful of smoke. Someday, I won't need you quite so much. One day in the distant future, I may not need you at all. 

I knew this was coming (albeit, I drastically underestimated the severity of the symptoms.) I am as prepared as I can be to simply suffer through the physical nicotine-less nausea of withdrawal. What I was not expecting was the heartbreaking sense of loss. 

How many times were you there beside me through my triumphs and defeats, old friend? How many times have I curled into a ball in some desolate corner, and listened to your calming, dulcet tones as you quietly wound your way through my lungs and veins to a pounding heart and whirring mind? "You can do this," you would whisper gently. "Take a breath...see, you're breathing so easily now!...set your sights, and proceed." You were my best supporter. For ten long, hard years you were by my side, raising your smokey glowing sword to strike down wave after wave of depression and anxiety. Through self-esteem issues, deaths of loved ones, panic attacks, you curled around me in a protective stance, bristling angrily at the catalysts that could have certainly broken my mind.
 
Would I have made it through all of this without you, nicotine? I'm not sure. I'm not sure that I would have been in a place, mentally, to conquer to trials of this life without you. But now we are parting company, all these years later,  and now YOU are the trial that I am desperately floundering to conquer. You would have helped me with this anxiety in the past...but now, it's up to ME to get me through it, by myself and for myself. 

I miss you terribly, and will for a long time. Five days may have well been five years. Thank you for being here for me until I could be here for myself. Finally, I'm ready to do it alone. 

