It's Been Over 2 Years

I quit June 17, 2012. I will remember that day for the rest of my life. I was a pack and a half smoker for roughly 5 years. Constantly sick and struggling with depression, those 5 years was the lowest time in my life.

I tried quitting many times, patches, gum, e-cigs, but I failed miserably every time and was back to puffing away. I developed asthma. I started having to go the hospital for asthma attacks. But I kept smoking and kept getting worse and worse. I'd make excuses, that smoking kept me "sane." As if there was any sanity in all this? 

I finally started having a dogmatic dedication to vilifying smoking. There are no positives, it has never helped me, and it has only kept me back from doing the things that I love. I was single during that entire 5 year period, smelling rancid with smoke and my nerves wrecked by a toxic cocktail of nicotine and caffeine. It destroyed my confidence, it made me weak and feeble, and I lacked any willpower or responsibility for my actions.

 It was that day I woke up without a morning cigarette. It was that night I went to bed without a cigarette. That's how it's been ever since. It was a struggle. I avoided my smoker "friends" who only proved antagonistic to any form of quitting. I avoided situations that I associated with smoking. I've lost friends, I've gained weight, but in the end I'm no longer a slave to tobacco. All the pain, anguish, and pleading were worth it, because now even the sight of a cigarette makes me sick. State sponsored corporate poison.

2 years later and my life has really turned around. I'm more confident; I got a new job, an amazing and supportive girlfriend, and no longer fight with depression. I attribute this all to taking that first step, to admit that cigarettes were a lie and were hurting me.

Sorry if I come off a bit dramatic on the subject, it's still very emotional to me. For those who are planning to quit or having been struggling for the first weeks, hopefully my story encourages you to continue on. It will be hard, it will be painful, but you will be rewarded for your efforts.
