Zero Allowances

Hey guys,

I am coming up on my 4th year smoke free. I didn't come here to brag, but share things that helped me  kick the habit. First off, I started smoking when I was 15 and am now 27. A bit of influence was that both of my oldest brothers are heavy smokers and still are to this day. I never planned on being a smoker, but got hooked very easily. I really enjoyed smoking and definitely am a fan of how nicotine feels. If it wasn't so bad for you, I would probably still do it. I quit in early 2013, but was very hooked, smoking heavy daily, and had attempted to quit multiple times. As a smoker I experienced very low energy, chest hurting often, spending way too much money on it, poor dental hygiene, strong mental addiction, headaches, poor circulation, all of the above. I felt like shit all the time. This was all in direct conflict with how I actually wanted to live and my goals of what I wanted out my own body and life and how I saw my future self. I gave tobacco control and a made it a integral part of my life. 

Some of you may relate and I wanted to share this aspect of my addiction and how I fought it. I  was the type of smoker that was very consistent and really couldn't quit. I started to realize that if I wanted to quit it had to be cold turkey. I developed a philosophy that I share with others that either you are a smoker or you are not. This meant that if I was going to smoke, wether it be a lot or even one or two drags from time to time, Than I was a smoker. Or not do it at all, non smoker. Sounds like common sense, but hear me out. This was very important, because if I allowed myself to do it at all, even a little from time to time, my addiction and consumption would get out of control again. I couldn't give in to even small allowances of smoking behavior. "I only smoke when I drink", "I'll just have one drag", "I only smoke one today but that's it", "I quit smoking but tonight I am gonna have some" "I had a stressful day, so fuck it". I'm sure some of you have been that guy with their friends when you are trying to quit and don't buy cigarettes, you end up just bumming off your friends packs while saying you quit. I held this philosophy to heart that even taking one drag was breaking this pact to myself of defining my behavior and relation to tobacco. I see it all the time of someone wanting to quit, but giving them allowances to use, even though deep down they don't want to smoke anymore and know they want to quit.I knew the repercussions that if I had even had a little I knew I was going to want more and without a doubt use more. 

Secondly, I was playing sports and riding my bike around a couple years before I quit. I sucked, I was not really in the shape I could have been in. Always struggling for my breath. I wanted more of an active life and had a lot of goals that were in direct conflict with the effects tobacco were having on my health. When I quit I went full throttle on exercise. Biking as much as possible, lifting weights, playing sports, running, swimming, etc...I wanted to be healthy and fit so bad that I knew I had to give up smoking completely. Exercise was the best thing for me and I greatly contribute it to how I have stayed off smoking to this day. Exercise has kept me from other unhealthy behavior besides smoking. I also had a support system of friends hat encouraged my progress of being smoke free.

Lastly, none of this was easy and I didn't write this to preach. It wasn't the first few weeks of quitting that were he hardest of even first few days. It was the months after and first years after of really trying to settle back into a non smoking life, physically and mentally. Avoiding it. Being around it and not letting it have any sort of effect on me. It was hard for a long time to make it a point of telling myself that being a smoker wasn't who I was and that I truly didn't like it, because of what it was doing to me. 

I know this was a long read, but wanted to share my journey of stopping smoking. Thanks for reading. Let me know any thoughts. All of you on your quitting journey I wish you the very best.