The biggest non-stinky hug ever to all of you today: Day 100 for me!

I want to send you all my sincerest THANK YOU for helping me become a non-smoker again. I started smoking when I was 18, which was 8 years ago for me. When I started, my mom somehow picked it up too, so, wracked with guilt (my own for starting, and for seemingly getting her started) I somehow maintained a pack-a-day or more lifestyle for those years. There were a lot of dark times, chain-smoking until I couldn't breathe, getting heart palpitations all day long and still smoking, lying to a then-boyfriend about having quit and smoking in the bathroom before showering just to get in one sweet cigarette... The list goes on, and on, and on...

But now! I have been cigarette-free for 100 days today and it feels wonderful. The first 3-4 weeks were very hard, my roommates and husband deserve a thank you as well for putting up with me and my moodiness. I read "Allen Carr's Easyway to Stop Smoking" like many of you here, and it worked for me. I never would have known about the book, or trusted its abilities, if it wasn't for this subreddit. I am now getting through every day without even thinking about cigarettes, save for the moments I come here to spread inspiration, motivation, and to get some myself from the many wonderful people here :) 

My husband and mom both quit with me, and it's been really great for me to let go of the guilt and to see them getting healthy with me! My husband and I are trying to get pregnant now that I am getting healthier. I have more energy to exercise and I ride my bike 6-7 days a week, as well as sometimes going to the gym and also running around with our 4 dogs. I replace any craving with something healthy - reading, biking around the block, having a cup of tea, etc! I am eating so much better as well, just from being able to actually TASTE my food and I have a sort of fixation now with all things healthy, because I can actually FEEL the healthy qualities of things I do, now that I am not weighed down by smoking. I'd be more than happy to help go into details of what helped me if anyone needs it. 

THANK YOU again, for all your support! I don't think I could have done it if it wasn't for the badge system and all the wonderful people posting here daily. You are all great, strong people!