Just took a long voyage via Greyhound. There were so many stressed &amp; smelly smokers

I was on 3 buses today, logged in about 14 hours of Greyhound travel. 

First, right outside every station smells aggressively like cigarettes &amp; the people who come back into the station from having a cigarette - it smells like they're just covered in a cloud of whirling smoke. Normally this wouldn't bother me much but there were so many of them. I used to like the scent but getting overwhelmed by it like this was pretty shit. Especially when you combine it with knowing how addicted they are:

My first trip we kept making 2 second stops after our official departure. This giant dude walked through the aisle to ask when they could get a stop for longer so he could have a smoke. The driver was like "but... we JUST departed!" and giant dude was like "I know I know I just gotta... Whenever you can, man." Went back to his seat.

Five minutes later the bus driver announced he'd lengthen our next stop to 5 minutes so "people could smoke" and the giant guy put his hands together like a prayer calling up to our driver "thank God, thank you sir!"

It's so nuts how much we were at the mercy of our addiction (&amp; that dude still is sadly) that we could get so desperate and stressed and thanking *god* just to get a 5 minute bus stop. The idea seems alien to me now but I remember how the stress would keep piling on (and/or the pressure of addiction) and I'd convince myself the only way to relieve it was a cig. Last year I would've considered that guy a hero even though having that cig (and any more today) would've dried my mouth &amp; face; primed it for a break out like I realized it always did when I traveled (didn't realize it was the*smoking* while traveling &amp; not just the traveling until I quit). Oh yeah, it also keeps causing cancer &amp; emphysema too. But I used to be as desperate for it sometimes as that dude.

I also used to stress - like *really stress* out about layover times (by bus, train, plane, whatever) &amp; whether I could squeeze in a cig. I'd put myself through the extra stress of needlessly going through TSA just bc I'd want to get out of the secure zone so I could find a spot to smoke.

Thinking about it now, that's just effin nuts! A slim margin of error to catch your connecting flight and an extra slog through TSA just so I could stand out in the cold, suck down some pollution that'll fuck up my circulation even more &amp; get my heart pumping way faster than it was before, calling that "destressing" in my head somehow &amp; inexplicably ruling it worth it!?!

And man. I am so sorry to all the ex- &amp; non-smokers whose senses of smell were way better than mine &amp; had to deal with me wafting my stressed sweat+smokey stench around before sitting down near you.

I know it dissipates but still. Damn!