Day 2 of quitting smoking with Allen Carr book!

Guess what guys?! I finally did it! I quit with the Allen Carr book and so did my husband. It took me several read throughs but once I was fully mentally ready, I decided that was it! The last cigarette was so fucking awful I nearly threw up and got super excited that it was almost over! I was feeling great until today when my husband was struggling A LOT with not using any substitutions such as lozenges which he claimed would really help him. My biggest mistake was thinking that both of us were going to use substitutes aka NRT bc I just really didn't think it was possible for me to do it exactly as the book says and not even WANT any substitutes because the mental psychology of NEVER touching another cig again made me think the book made a lot of sense! 

I realize after a lot of fighting/arguing about this with my husband who clearly NEEDS a bit more help than I do, that I need to offer my support any way I can. I tried rationalizing the book's argument for staying away from NRT but whatever works is whatever works. The book got enough into his head that hopefully he won't smoke again. He is also the "weak link" and every time I've quit (which is a lot by now), he's always pulled me back in bc he was still smoking when I quit while pregnant with my two kids or quit bc of circumstance, etc. 

This time since we've BOTH quit and BOTH of us are going through withdrawals while trying to be parents and relearning how to live without cigarettes, we're getting on each other's nerves a bit more. I'm still kinda upset that after all my advice and help and logical arguments, he still ignored what I was saying and took the lozenges.
Is he calmer? Yes without a doubt. Do I still think it's a slippery slope? Yes. Is there a chance it might work for him bc cold turkey isn't for everyone? Probably, although it's too soon to tell. Am I going to do what works for me based off of the book which has been the only thing I feel confident about with never smoking again? Absolutely. So why shouldn't I let my husband do the same? 

My point is I guess, I'm not sure whether I should continue to offer my support when clearly it isn't being well received but at the same time I care about him and I'm worried the lozenges are going to hinder his success.

Any thoughts or suggestions about what to do or not do? I don't want to bring myself down all because he's struggling nor do I want to become the "dry drunk" so to speak with this book being my "bible" now lol if that makes sense. 

I understand everyone has their own way, but I've been with my husband for over 10 years and I've seen how he's tried to quit before with lozenges but ended up smoking again (although this was way before we knew about Allen Carr's book or anything and were going through a rough patch).

Signed,
Concerned wife and a former smoker