One year club.

Hi, guys.

I wanted to share with you my story. I'm 26 now, for long time I was heavy smoker, at least by my standards. I have tried my first cigarette before hitting age 10. At age 14 I was day to day smoker. I don't really know how much times I have tried to quit smoking, it's possible that that number is close to hundred. Last year of my smoking career I tried to quit like three times a week. My friends and buddies started joking that I quit quitting again every time I banged and restarted smoking.  

Now I'm one year clean. Quitting cold turkey. No looking back. No craving, even when I drunk till blackout drank. Today I'm in middle of my marathon training and in may I will run my first marathon. A year ago I couldn't run a 3k if my life depended on it. 

In April there will be one year sober, but that's another story. I don't have problem with alcohol, I dislike it because it kills motivation and suck a lot of free time and energy.

After hitting three month mark I shared with you guys. It was great milestone for me, because it was longest I didn't smoke in last decade. That time I told that I will come back and share after hitting one year mark. I guess lot of you were skeptical, but I really believed it, I knew that this day will come.

If there is one secret that that's you have to really believe in your self. You have to believe that that last cigarette or other tobacco article was last you have ever used. I had big help in Allen Carr's book - easy way. Maybe you can quit without it, I couldn't. Because if there is some smaller print rule to quitting by believing in your self - you can't fake it - you really have to believe that you aren't smoker anymore. 

If someone will tell you that there is downside to quitting - they are lying. That fake poser phenomena of social smoking is a fucking lie. No looking back, moving forward. Don't be afraid to set high goals. I wasn't. I'm now running approximately 50 km a week. A  year ago I had a difficult time to climb stairs. 

I'm guessing that next time I will post here when I will reach 3 year mark. Don't be afraid to change, don't be afraid to be different. If someone is stooping your progress as a person - drop them as a friend. Life is to short to spend it surrounded by hatters. 

Thank you guys, you are awesome, you are truly great community. 