The trap...

I think this time, I have really done it. I am on my third day of not smoking and I finally realized that my smoke demon has never been a friend of mine. I started smoking because I was a scared, shy little girl who had always seen the cool people smoke. I started drinking and doing drugs for the same reason. I almost became homeless because my drinking and drug addictions were so bad. However, I got over my drug addiction years ago, always waxing and waning like the tide... It took me another 10 years to realize that alcohol wasn't doing me any favours. That the people who drink, the people who really drink are no better than the drug addicts who used to stand beside me on street corners. Always asking for more, and pushing for more, always slyly putting the bottle up to your lips... Some people can have a few drinks, those people don't realize what one drink can do to someone who just can't stop... 
Anyways, now that the alcohol and the drugs are gone, my brain has finally realized how stupid this thing is. How ingenious the plan is... To get people addicted to something so small, it doesn't do anything for you except make you feel normal. What we don't realize is that the shaky, anxiety-riddled days of planning dinners and spare time around getting a puff is not because we can't have cigarettes... It's that the cigarette started those feelings in the first place. That the first puff you ever had has contributed to your cravings for cigarettes ever since. Cigarettes are so ingenious an invention that someone out there is benefitting from your lack of feeling normal without this tiny white stick. That you never get anything out of it... All the power you have given the cigarette over you was actually the heinous plan of some corporation to get your money. That little stick really doesn't do anything except return you to a Normal state, at least until you need another... And another... And another... 

That really isn't the only scary part. It's that, once you get sick. And when you get sick... Like terminally ill sick, just got diagnosed with stage 4 lung cancer sick. You still won't be able to quit. I watched my father, a smoker for 40 years, degrade into a small frail man in a short span of only two years. He wasn't the type to care about his smoking and never worried about getting sick. He was the kind of man's man that worked hard and was the old cowboy kind of tough. When he got sick, he tried and he tried to quit. His smoke demon never went away, tortured him until he was on his death bed... Still trying to drag him outside for a smoke. Even though he was faced with his imminent death, he couldn't quit smoking. He was in a trap, the same trap that you can overcome if you really want it. 

I feel like this time I will quit for good. It's been three years since my dad died, and I have tried many times to quit. Always failing and always picking it back up reluctantly. Pretending that I didn't care... This time it feels different and I have removed the factors which stopped me before. There will never be a day where you want to quit, there will never be a time when it is easier to quit. 

If you want to live... You just need to make it happen. 
