My unofficial “sponsor”/ cheerleader who made me quit may be out of my life soon.. any advice on coping or finding a new one to trust?

I’m really not sure how to call it but please bear with me; basically my boyfriend was the last little push that convinced me to quit. I’m 23, I started smoking casually in high school and got fairly heavy in college, calmed down post graduation, but the last two years I’ve lived in Japan where smoking is EXTREMELY prevalent. 

The usual mix of deterrents and reasoning to quit- lung cancer runs in my family, I know I mainly smoke as an anxiety coping mechanism, I’m running again and should be healthy - was never quite enough to sway those little urges. Until I met and started dating my boyfriend. His father passed due to lung cancer and he avidly hates smoking. He has always had a great attitude about me smoking but in those first few months really persuaded me to stop. Something about him just clicked and I cold turkey stopped a roughly 7 year bad habit with very few problems. 

We celebrated our anniversary two weeks ago, but the next night he opened up and confessed that for the past month apparently he hasn’t really loved me anymore and doesn’t know what to do with that information. I was.. stunned to say the least, because it came out of the blue, and my depression that’s been a little more active recently just spiraled everything. I haven’t been able to eat much and I’ve lost 7 pounds already, and of course— smoking seems very tempting. Over the past few days he seems to have regretted saying all that and been acting lovey again as if ignoring the confession, but we haven’t talked about what was said and probably won’t for another week when we will see each other again. But essentially I am bracing myself for the miserable fact that he may be out of my life, and with that, the strongest deterrent to smoking again. None of my friends back home are really enough of a constant presence to encourage me to keep it up; all of my friends here either smoke or don’t mind it, since culturally it’s not a really big deal. So I’m just.. really lost and I just wish I could control more and I want to be able to control as much as I can. Any advice is appreciated. Thanks sorry for the length. 

TLDR: my boyfriend, the reason I quit and have stayed good about quitting, and I may officially break up soon. How can I find someone to trust enough to help me keep it up, or what else can I do?