Started today - got a question concerning the next weeks

Hi everyone! 
Finally, I found the will power to write something here. 
Before I ask you for advises for my next weeks, I would like to present the basic facts of my addiction: 
I've been smoking for 10 years now. I am nearly 24, so I started when I was 14. From the first day on, I was a passionate smoker. Even when I was a kid and at school, I'd use every opportunity to get one single drag at least. Even though every former smoker tells me that I am lying to myself, I am pretty sure that I started smoking not because I wanted to be cool - I did it independently from anyone else - but because I enjoyed it. 
From 17-22, I was very depressive. Due to several illnesses, I had to stay at home much. In this time, I smoked very much, from 20-30 cigs per day. I just didn't care, and I always enjoyed the feeling, the taste and the smell. 
When I was 22, my life changed completely. I fully recovered, moved, started a new job that I love, started going to nightschool and - most importantly - met my boyfriend. 
I love this man so much, we're thinking about marriage, kids and buying a house and for the first time in my life, I feel absolutely happy and fullfilled. 
This is my final motivation for trying to quit. I want my life to last as long as possible, I want to live healthily. I already do my workouts and eat real food, I barely drink alcohol and yeah - why should I put this poison into my body when this body is the only one I have? 

However, I noticed that many of you argue that you must feel like you're free when you quit - so that you don't feel like you're giving up on something you like. I've tried to convince myself a million times to see it this way, but I just don't. Even when I KNOW that it is wrong and that I need to give it up, I still feel like that it is something that I enjoy to do. 
I actually don't see a problem with this anyway. If I succeed at quitting, isn't it irrelevant whether I feel like I'm giving up on something enjoyable or not? 

Ah well, to come to an end, here's my question: 
I've tried to stop 2 times already, both of them were 2 months long phases. I didn't have any problem at all getting to week 2/3, because I actually got much ambition in general. But after those 2 months, I gave in - I guess because you are getting used to the results that you were amazed by in the first weeks. 
When I was at school in the first weeks after quitting, I thought "let the others go outside, they are putting their health at risk while you are being reasonable" and it felt good. But after those 8 weeks, the envy was so strong, that I went outside and asked someone for a cig. 
So... how do I get pass these 2-3 months?
Am I wrong with asuming that I will have this desire for the rest of my life, even if I manage to quit completely? 
How do I convince my feelings that smoking is something bad to be prepared for times where the brain's voice isn't loud enough? 

I'd be thankful for every advise! Good luck to all of you! 

(Pls excuse my English skills, I am not a native speaker)