Heroin is a hell of a drug but so is nicotine

I hadn't had a cig in 44 days and i just smoked one. My best friend relapsed she must have gone into the the bathroom and did heroin this afternoon. She kept nodding out standing up finally i just let her pass out and i stared at her for hours to make sure she was still breathing. All i wanted to do was chain smoke her ciggs she left them out right in front of me she passed out with a cig still in her hand. I felt so selfish that all i could care about was myself. I couldn't stop thinking about her ciggs. Once i calmed down and i was sure she was okay i took one from her pack and smoked outside in the garden. Mostly out of curiousity. I tried to be very conscious of how it made me feel. I was real in control of the situation and now i feel better. I'm afraid of how this will affect my progess because i hated being a smoker... now i'm back in bed with her watching her breathe i just feel enhausted. In my head i was like "the reason she relapsed was because you're doing so well"so that justified me relapsing too... which is true because my positivity makes her feel so shitty. Before she passed out she called me a party foul for getting her boyfriend out of bed because i had to pour water on him. But he ended up passing out on the floor so i guess he was using it with her.  That pack is still in front of me but i don't feel the urge to chain smoke like i used to. I don't know what to say to them when they wake up i'm just so upset she even tried to hide it from me like "i'm just tired".  She might still even deny it. I want to tell her i smoked so that she'll understand that i'm not perfect, just that i'm trying... but i also want her to think i'm strong so that she can look up to me and aspire to have control over her life as well. I would appreciate any advice or words of wisdom i'm just very confused how to feel or react right now. I love her she's like family to me. And her boyfriend is a good guy too and he didn't use hard drugs before but i think she stresses him out. She's going to prostitute again because they need money to pay her lawyer so she doesn't go to jail on heroin related charges. This is obviously affecting their relationship but she can't see it because DRUGS MAKE YOU SELFISH