Day 101

I meant to post this yesterday, on day 100 for me. I just wanted to thank this sub for all the support. I don't comment or post much, but reading everyone else's stories has been very helpful, and I feel reinvigorated in my quest to stay smoke free each time I visit. 
      I was like most people, trying to quit and failing for years. What changed this time, was that my will to stay smoke free was stronger than any craving I ever had. And in my mind, that's it right there. It sounds simple enough, but it is hardly that easy in practice. My grandpa was a heavy smoker for a long time. One of my earliest memories was going to my grandparents house and hanging out, while my dad would work on his car. Me and grandpa would watch baseball, and grandpa would fall asleep, only to awaken to cough the most vile sounding coughs/hacks I have ever heard in my life. As a child, it would scare me. I did't know at the time, but grandpa was very heavy smoker for a long time. He quit eventaully, but not before debilitating health effects set in. Fast forward 18 years to my 21st birthday. I was in the midst of trying to quit, and I hadn't had a cigarette all. Even the night before when I went out at midnight, I refrained. We had a bonfire for my birthday with friends and family. My roommate was smoking a Camel (Camel filters were my thing) right in front of me, and i was lit, and I demanded a Camel. I believe my exact words were, 'damnit jake! gimme an effing Camel filter!" My uncle, my dad's eldest brother who was also a heavy smoker for a number of years, turned to me, and very seriously said, " ya know, Camel filters killed your grandfather." Like I said before, I was lit, but that statement, while i brushed it off at the time, has always stuck with me since. Fast forward five years to this past September. I had a god awful cold. I woke one morning, and starting hacking up the most vile colored shit I have ever seen coming out of me. That wasn't what bothered me though. It was the sound of the hacking. It sounded exactly like my grandpa when I was kid. That basically was the inspiration for me to quit, and stay quit for good. I don't ever want to experience that kind of hacking ever again. Grandpa died when i was young, and while we never had a chance to talk man to man, i think he would have had some strong words for me if he knew i was a smoker. I think he'd be proud that I quit.

thanks for reading