My weird tip for getting through cravings

There's something to be said for 're-framing' your thoughts about smoking. Going from "I love my smoke breaks!" to "I wish I didn't need a smoke break every couple hours." and the like will work *wonders* with your quit.    
In this spirit, I'd like to tell you all about Nolan. 

I used to babysit when I was younger. One particularly memorable kid was named Nolan. Nolan was 8 years old, a happy, bright child and a blast to be around, except for one thing: he could NOT handle being told No. Anything from, "No more snacks until after dinner." to "Nolan, don't play with the fire." would send him into hysterics. His go to move was to grab tight to your arm and throw all 90 pounds of his chunky self on the floor - all the better if your arm is ripped out of the socket. Then he'd lie there, pound his fists on the floor, kick, and scream at the top of his lungs, "but i wAAAANNNNTTTT ITTTTTTTT"    
There were only two ways to make him stop. You could:    
A) Give him what he wants, reinforcing the behavior and pretty much guarantee another fit within the next few hours.  OR    
B) Say, "Ok Nolan, I want to help but you're being unreasonable right now. I'm gonna go do \_\_\_\_\_ , I'll be right in the other room. Let me know when you're ready to talk calmly."    


Guess which option eventually got him over this tantrum phase?    


Nolan is the addiction center of your brain. It will grab onto you and drag you down, and scream in your face until it gets what it wants. Your only option is to    
A) Give it what it wants, guaranteeing a repeat    
B) Say, "Ok Brain, I want us to get along but you're being unreasonable right now. I'm gonna go (take a walk, cook a meal, meditate, etc) while you get your shit together."  

I'm a few weeks into my quit. I don't get cravings very often anymore, but when I do I think of Nolan, doing everything in his power to get my attention and get his way. I won't engage. My sanity and my health are far more important than what some spoiled kid wants.   


Maybe this is an over-complicated or just silly way to look at quitting, but it's what has worked for me. I wanted to share on the off chance it helps someone else :) Have a great Friday everyone, you've got this &lt;3