Drinking smoker feeling trapped

Its another Day One for me today. 

I have been subscribed to this sub for years, dutifully reseting my badge every time I smoke. I couldn't even venture a guess at how many times I've reset my badge. I struggled out of the depths of being a daily smoker years ago, but now find myself stuck in my own personal hell that is life as a "drinking smoker".

I feel like I know all the things. I know why I hate it. I know what its doing to me. I know its not worth it. I've read Allen Carr. I know there's nothing to miss and everything to gain. I exercise regularly and eat healthily. I've gotten mad at my addiction, I've gotten sad at it, I've gotten afraid of it. I've analyzed the idea of cravings and triggers into oblivion.  I accept my responsibility and I know that all I need to do is not smoke. Worst of all, I've made SO MANY PROMISES to my self. Promises and plans and resolutions and strategies - mantras, distractions, support networks, meditation, blah blah blah blah blah. I've even successfully drank and not smoked - numerous times and for long periods of time. But I always seem to end up back here sooner or later.

I'm a discipline, successful person in so many ways, but when it comes to smoking, some switch in my brain happens after a few drinks, especially if there are other smokers around. And once I "break the seal", it becomes a "smoking night" and I smoke an inhuman number of cigarettes - and end up staying out later and drinking more just as an excuse to smoke more cigarettes. Then I have absolutely no problem with not smoking between drinking occasions. I've associated drinking with smoking so much that I'm now faced with my biggest trigger precisely at the moment when my will power and inhibitions are at their weakest. I've tried not drinking - and it works great as far as smoking goes. But I turn into a depressing hermit with no social life. I really don't like the way life and my social circle look without occasional social drinking. 

Its getting to the point where I can't imagine feeling more committed or having better thought-out plans or a better understanding of the addiction - I can't image what I can do differently right now that would make me actually stick to my word while drinking for more than a few weeks, especially when it comes to drinking around other smokers. I'm tired of making promises to myself that mean less and less the more I break them. The badge system has lost all of its power because I reset it so much. 

I'm not sure what kind of advice I'm looking for here, if any. I'm just feeling trapped and pathetic. When I'm feeling this low, it usually helps me just to rant about it for awhile, then make *yet another* resolution. But I suppose it might be helpful to hear from any other long-time drinking smokers out who have managed to get out of it. Was there anything in particular that helped or did you just finally stick to it at some point?

Thanks for listening!