I never had allergies before...

In 2016, shortly after graduation, I found a new job, I quit smoking, and moved to a new apartment. 

I started developing sinus problems where my nose was always irritated I’d sneeze constantly. My nose was always filed with mucus and swollen inside so that I can’t breathe, and my nose leaks constantly. I go through a box of tissues daily and my nose feels raw and dry from blowing it.

When these symptoms first appeared I thought I had the cold. But they just never went away. Here I am, 2 years later and still struggling.

I’ve been to several walkin clinics, because I don’t have a family doctor. They insist that it’s allergies, they gave me antihistamines and a cortisol basal spray. I took the medications for several months but I didn’t find they had a noticeable difference and I stopped taking them because they were too expensive. 

I’ve since quit my job and moved to numerous houses. I’ve gotten a new bed, new bed sheets. I’ve done all I could to minimize dust in my environment. I don’t own pets. I started smoking again in July after having quit for two years. Nothing seems to lessen how I feel. I could be out in the middle of the Atlantic Ocean and I’d still be this nasally snotty mess. I’m like this all the time, all seasons, all times if the day. 

I’ve become desperate depressed and anxious. I don’t sleep at night. I wake up gasping for air. I feel constant fatigue. It kills my appetite cause it’s hard to eat and breathe. I can’t taste my food. I never want to go outside or socialize because my nose is always dripping. My nose is always sensitive and easily irritated. I take sneezing fits around string smells. I feel miserable. My quality of life has vastly diminished and I get no joy or relief from anything. 

None of the walkin clinics want to test me for allergies, one doctor told me I was wasting my time getting tested, but they all insist that it is allergies. I recently started to think that my sinus problems are actually caused from me quitting smoking. 

I think it’s chronic sinusitis and not allergies but doctors won’t listen to me, they just keep prescribing me expensive medications and they won’t even test me for anything.

Does anyone else relate?