Figured I would check in, day 200!

Whats up guys,

I haven't been on here talking about myself too much, mostly just reading and asking questions so I figured I'll get on here and give my story. Maybe it will help somebody out who is on the verge of making an attempt to quit or earlier on than me.

I started smoking at 18, and by 22 I had been at a pack a day for quite some time. I looked into the Vape cigarettes and got one after some research. I vaped from 22-24. The vape cigarette furthered my addiction by so much more because now I could smoke indoors, in my car, anywhere I wanted. It never reached the end of the cigarette butt. I could smoke it non-stop as long as it was charged. I eventually got sick of my lungs feeling heavy so I stepped up to the highest nicotine fluid available, which would make me take fewer hits. It did for about a week or two, but as with any addiction, your brain gets used to the higher dosages and starts to demand it at the same frequency.

I had been tossing around the idea of quitting for some time. I think every smoker knows they are going to quit, they just don't know when. I decided to try weaning down on the nicotine to an almost placebo level. I did 1 level lower every week until I was at 6mg. My addiction wasn't getting better, I was just strangling it. I felt stressed, never satisfied from a hit. I would take the longest hardest hit my e-cig would allow me to until it cut me off. (Built in coil safety feature) 

After weaning down to 6mg, I found a bottle of "the good stuff" while cleaning out my car. I was getting low on 6mg fluid... "Well, one tank of it won't hurt." I was back on 24mg for a few more months, still kicking the idea of quitting around, just waiting on my window of opportunity.

Finally on my way home from work, really nice sunny day, my battery dies. I immediately begin stressing and becoming anxious. I had just finished my day of work, it was my reward time. Just as soon as the thought came into my mind I was already stretching out my hand "This is your chance, you've gotta do it now." I threw my $100 e-cig out the window. For me it had to be an impulsive move. I didn't want to weigh the consequences because I knew I would talk myself out of it. I'm pretty cheap so I knew I wouldn't run out and buy another one.

I still had issues to deal with at home as my girlfriend was also a smoker. She moved to the vape, we did it together. I told her I threw mine out when I got home, we usually butted heads on when to make a quitting attempt. I told her I'm done and she can do what she wants. She decided to quit with me but she'll just "Leave it in the drawer." She made it for 3 days and caved. I said you have to throw it out or your never going to quit. You just restarted everything you've went through so far, you have to deal with all that stress again.

She decided that I should take it somewhere and throw it out. That somewhere happened to be about 50 feet down the road and into the woods because I didn't want it in my hands for very long lol. (Yes I know littering, I'm sorry, but in this case I feel its warranted.)

So I go through my first days, kind of scared. I have a feeling like I'm adjusting after a long term relationship just ended. I'm sitting in the work parking lot waiting for clock-in. (I'm always 15 minutes early.) I'm browsing my phone, thinking to myself "So this is it... I just sit here now." I am trying to tell myself to just enjoy the freedom and look around, see whats going on. You can focus on other things freely now. That particular moment sticks out because this was my new mindset, even though it was still stuck on nicotine at the time, it is what it has become. 

That night I slept 2-3 hours. In-fact I think that entire week, I probably collectively slept no more than 20 hours. After 2 weeks the insomnia subsided. I finally got a good nights sleep, probably due to sheer exhaustion. I was surprised at the amount of energy I had once the insomnia ended. This is such a great perk for me as I have a demanding schedule.

I still craved at 20 days, 60, 90, 120, now. I will occasionally go through a mental reminiscion of the good times, and feel a bit of a yearning for a fix. I can feel it in the back of my throat, wanting to feel that burn, just like it was yesterday. The only difference is I know its just a mind game. Even three months in I would catch my self patting my pocket, feeling for my e-cig. 

The challenge is still there, but it gets so much better exponentially. I have so much more freedom now, so much more focus. I was so fixated on nicotine that it would pull me away from everything I needed to focus on. I go for weeks now without even thinking about it, cigarettes smell repulsive to me now. They started to when I vaped but now it's really bad. I can see people vape or smoke and not crave. My cravings seem to all be based on internal battles, but at this point I will never go back. 

I have written pretty long, and probably just rambled for the most part lol but I'll end with the things that are better.

-My relationship with my son, no selfish breaks anymore. He is the number 1 thing, and the reason I stopped smoking.

-More energy, focus, drive.

-More confident, if I can tackle this, most of the other stuffs simple.

-Better workplace performance, goes along with better focus, no breaks, more respected

-Feeling in control, makes a huge difference. You pick your destiny, not a substance.


That's about all, just needed to do a write up. I like to track my progress, feel free to ask any questions if I can help! 

Thanks for the community and good luck everyone!

PS: My biggest tip, learn how addiction works in the brain. Realizing the rip off it was, and why I was actually feeling what I'm feeling was the biggest help for me along the way!