Hoping to Quit (AGAIN) for my 30th bday which is in 18 days. Any tips for a heavy, compulsive smoker who's quit 4 times before?

Hey all... I think I posted on this sub like, over a year ago. I was in a bad way, and had quit for a few weeks. Got a huge outpouring of support but I don't think I answered anyone because I started again shortly after and was really ashamed and depressed. And the shame and depression made me want to smoke even more lol.   


But alas! I'm nearly 30 and it is far past time that I quit. I am overweight, have a family history of COPD and other bronchial issues and I cannot believe I let myself get this far. I wake up most days coughing up a lung until I see stars, my chest is on fire, and on top of the obvious health issues, I am spending $500+ a month on this idiotic habit. I used to love working out and was about 80-100 lbs lighter and now even a few flights of stairs leaves me gasping for air. I'm like the fat guy they use in the infomercials about how smoking is killing you, keeled over ready to puke from a few minutes intense exercise.  


Just wondering if anyone had any tips for a 8 year, heavily addicted/addictive person to quit. My girlfriend smokes too but is not nearly as compulsive about it. For me, even just writing this now is getting me thinking of lighting up. I also drink a lot, though I am trying to cut back on that too, mainly to save money. I am smoking typically a pack a day, more sometimes if partying is involved. I don't go to bars so I'm not worried about that temptation, but everyone at my workplace smokes and it's sort of a ritual. I also light up a smoke pretty much before my key is in the ignition, driving and smoking is a big trigger for me.   


I am thinking of stocking up on gum or a nicorette inhaler. I did it cold turkey before and while I know I can, I am at a different point in my life and am willing to do WHATEVER to help make it easier on myself. I heard laser/acupuncture works well too. Any good apps out there to track? I used one before that was great, it showed health benefits as well as money saved which I would check all the time with satisfaction, but I don't remember what it is. I am willing to try anything. I also have a sauna and steamroom in my condo, and I heard that doing that will help sweat out the nicotine faster. I feel like once I do finally quit, I will be one of those people who say "trust me, if I can do it, so can you" as I am about as compulsive smoker, dopamine addict as I have seen.  


Thanks all, wish me luck and perseverance! 