On Monday I decided to resist all temptations, and now I’ve been smoke-free for a week!

It’s crazy.

I wasn’t even “prepared” to stop smoking. There wasn’t any “right time” or set date I planned on doing it. I just did it. 

I just had in mind the Sunday night before that it was “worth a shot” to resist all cigarette temptations tomorrow, and woke up on Monday with an open mind, ready to give it a shot. 

So right now let me tell you about my living situation, I’m at home with no job currently(so the amount of free time makes it SUPER HARD to just quit cold turkey), I’m in my early 20s, and have been smoking for 2.5 years. My entire family smokes; mom, dad, and two brothers.

———————— 
HOW I DID IT: Day 1

1. I fall asleep after finishing my pack, and say to myself “ok, tomorrow I’m going clean.” And laugh at myself and give myself a mental pat on the head. Who was I kidding?

2. I wake up the next morning. Mother rarely offers me cigarettes. But she offered me one this morning (Is God trying to test me?) and as much as I wanted it, I refused and pretended like she never asked. 

3. I go to the bathroom. Dad left his entire pack on the sink. (Another test?) I take his pack, about to steal a cigarette, but just as I’m about to put it on my lips... I bite my lip and refuse just as I did earlier. 

4. I humblebrag to my mom about occurrence #1 and #2 and #3 and get a “great job!” from her, which further motivates me to keep going. 

5. The night is cold. I am cold, hungry, and pissed. In one of those “fuck it all” moods, where I want to say fuck it all and drop my progress. I eat in replacement of smoking, do anything possible to avoid smoking. I took 2 Benadryl to assist me falling asleep. I fall asleep. 

————————
Day 2: 
The urge to smoke as soon as I wake up is forgotten until I see parents smoking together in living room. But it was easier to not give into cravings. 

Day 3: 
Cigarettes aren’t on my mind. I consider its day 3 during the late afternoon and congratulate myself by treating myself to dessert and fast food. 

Day 4: 
Urge is suddenly strong again. In a “fuck it, fuck the world mood.” But I go shower and take a walk and end up buying things and wasting money; when I come home I fall asleep and forget about smoking.

Day 5:
Cigarettes? What are those again?
