5 Shifts In Perspective That Helped Me Quit

For those on the path to quitting, here are some ways my perspectives shifted over the course of my own journey. I hope it helps.

1. Having a friend who as a kid had leukaemia and then continued to suffer through serious medical issues through his life. Seeing the suffering he endured at the hands of simple bad luck made me feel like a terrible person for choosing to put myself at risk. He never had a choice, but I do.   

2. Concentrating on the positives of quitting, instead of the negatives of continuing. It’s way too easy to look at the risks and think “that won’t happen to me”, because that is how we cope with any dangerous situation we put ourselves in. This is just a way we trick our brain into taking risks, and In most situations the outcome is positive. Like how we continue to use cars knowing full well how many people die on the roads every day. The outcome of this risk is the ability to travel greater distances than we could without taking the risk. But this little trick backfires with cigarettes because there is no positive outcome to be risking anything for. We are left with the ability to trick ourselves into thinking the odds are in our favour, and we are going to be the lucky ones. Anti-smoking advertising has a terrible way of focusing on scare tactics that simply never worked on me, until I saw an infographic that showed all the positive things that would happen to my body If I quit. If you look at how you your body will be positively impacted you’re more likely to think “oh, that will happen to me? That sounds awesome”. Simply put positive feedback Is more effective than negative, so give a little time to researching the ways your body will gradually heal itself, you might be more motivated to give it a go.   

3. I had to shake the mentality that smoking was in any way punk, anti-establishment or sticking it to the man. Part of me continued because “fuck everyone, who are they to tell me how to live my life”. But then I started to realise that the tobacco industry is the furthest thing from all that. It stopped making sense to be handing over increasingly large sums of money to an industry that is knowingly and purposefully harming me for the sole purpose of fuelling the capitalist fire. The truth I realised is that smoking is an overpriced product sold too suckers, and I was one of them. Cigarettes have nothing to do with ones rights, or a physical necessity, they are simply a consumer item that has been romanticised. If you want to fight the system, stop contributing to its continued success through an industry that in future generations will be looked back on as the devil.  

4. Cigarettes, like all addictions, have a way of becoming a central point of your life. It starts off as you having your normal lifestyle routines, and then you introduce smoking as an add-on on top of that. But then, so slowly you don't realise it, smoking takes over as the central point that the routines now work around. It was a huge turning point when I realised that cigarettes were making a lot of small life decisions on my behalf, and I was simply following along doing as I was told. Small things you don’t notice, like how a percentage of your lunch breaks are now dedicated to cigarettes, or that your choices of bars is now limited to those that accomodate cigarettes. I recall being at a wedding, everyone was dancing having a great time, when someone said “let’s go outside, I need a cigarette”. I realised what was actually being said, “cigarettes require me to leave all my friends and go stand outside in the cold for 10 minutes”. Next time you have to leave a social situation to smoke, remember that you have a choice. This is not something that you need, you are leaving the company of your friends because a product is telling you it is time to do so. It's important to remember that quitting doesn't have to mean that you can never have a single cigarette again. Ideally you can get to a point where having one or two on a night out doesn't spark that addiction again. Because all products should be bought and used on the consumers terms, not dictated by the product itself.   

5. Similarly to four, this is another way that cigarettes take hold of your life. Smoking becomes ingrained in your memories, usually positive ones like being young and out with friends, having great conversations or meeting new people. This made me look at cigarettes with a kind of fondness that they didn’t deserve, because it’s not the cigarettes, it’s the good times that I loved and miss. So you have to make new memories that don’t involve cigarettes. Go and have a great night out without smoking, so that all your best memories aren’t intrinsically linked to the cigarettes. As a side note to this, try to stop finding company to smoke with. Having a cigarette and a chat out the front of a bar is a good time, but leaving a party environment to stand on your own and smoke can b a well needed self-reflective experience, that made me see what I was actually doing in a clearer light. 

&amp;#x200B;

Looking back at all that I’m now realising that most of what quitting involved was a shift of my own internal perspective. Once I started thinking of myself as a sucker instead of a rebel, and as a passenger instead of the driver, it became a lot easier to take back the control that I hadn’t even noticed I’d given up. It’s hard, but is easier and easier the longer you try.

Good luck.