Learn from me - there is NO such thing as 'just one smoke'.

Hi, stopsmoking. I went 19 days without a smoke. After about 14 days, I wasn't thinking about cigarettes. The weren't the first thing on my mind when I woke up anymore. I didn't automatically start craving at my desk at 11am. My calendar had happy little ticks on every smoke-free day. People sent me little congratulations emails. More than 20 people liked my facebook status about being 2 weeks clean. I was so proud. I really felt like I'd done it this time.

Then I went back to the city where I went to uni. I saw my old smoking buddy. The girl I'd huddle with in the rain to have a cigarette before class. The girl I'd bum cigarettes off, or loan them to, so I was never caught out. We smoked together from the day we met. When I arrived back in the city, she was outside the bar having a smoke. She grabbed me in a huge hug and I just asked, 'spare cigarette?' Just like that. Like it was nothing.

If I admit it to myself, I knew I would smoke. I thought I could handle it. It's only one night. I ENJOY smoking with this friend (someone needs to reread EasyWay!!), and she lives in Paris, me in England, so I hardly get to see her and enjoy time with her. What's a few smokes? Before I even arrived, I knew.

What I didn't count on was what happened next. I bummed three from her, and then got my own 10 pack. I smoked 7 of those, and left three out in the rain, determined to get back on the wagon the next day. Got through the hangover, the tiredness, during the next day, until about 5:30 when I was so desperate for another fag I started crying. I had one off a friend. Then again, the next day, I made it to 6pm, but no friends had any, and I was so desperate I bought another 10-pack. I had four, and gave the rest to a homeless man who asked for one. Yesterday I didn't have any. Today I had two. It's creeping back in.

In my time smokefree I have saved £70, and broken many many habits: the first of the day, smoking with coffee, smoking at work. There are things I've acheived. I'm not ignoring those. I still feel I've made a good start. But I also need to hold myself accountable for my actions. Right now, I'm NOT a non-smoker. And I want to be. Your kind words and personal experiences would mean the world to me, Reddit. Now I'm off to re-read EasyWay and reset my badge. Thank you for your time.