Acceptance.

So I've recently had some self actualizing moments in the last few days. With the looming deaths of loved ones to the recent deaths of other loved ones. From re-accepting who I am (yay, I'm a homo!) to remembering who I was when I first came out of the closet all those years ago before going back into the closet and sparking pack after pack of cigarettes trying to deny who I am.

It's so, difficult. Anyone of you reading this knows the struggles with stopping smoking. I want this to be last package of cigarettes. I want to throw this little box away empty knowing my spirits full.

I subscribed to this subreddit and have been so grateful to see a consistent feed of "x-years/x-months/x-days, Today!" that I'm want to join you, and live like the days when I didn't smoke and was happy with who I am. 

Its been 7 years of smoking cigarettes. I've read scientific articles discussing our cells are all new after 7 years. It's been 7 years of my body becoming a custom to cigarettes. I'll be glad to have 7 years of no tobacco and being a completely new person.

I gave into this e-cig phenomenon, but I don't want any more crutches. So many before me have gone cold turkey and there's no reason my Will should be any weaker. There's so many times I feel the cold stare of nonsmokers burning a hole in me because my smoke is blowing in their direction and I hate it. I hate myself for it. I feel my lungs wheeze from time to time and I hate myself for it. So many times I've hated myself for stepping away from my friends and family to "hammer in another coffin nail". So much have I hated myself for smelling and tasting of smoke and tobacco when I lean in to kiss my SO. I'm finally to the point where I'm so tired and exhausted from hating myself for all these little things that I know I won't progress until I stop my own hate and hurt. It has to go. Cigarettes have to go. I have to stop. It's so simple and in my face that I just couldn't seem to grasp it before, this time though, it's starting to feel more real.

Im not going to finish this pack of smokes... I'm going to give them to the garbage bin. I'm starting day zero here. With all you other weirdos. The patch didn't do it, gum didn't do it, e-smokes, mist spray, lozenges, e-smokes, cloud makers, all of it didn't work. It's time for some fucking will power damn it. Maybe a little sense of self will help along the way. 

TLDR: Taking a big ol' glass of hateraid before bed and am not sparking another fag, since this homo ain't self-loathing quite as much as the years gone by.