The first 38 hour cold turkey thoughts. Shew....

Some weird and random journal rants/ramblings since I stopped smoking cigs. Thank goodness for grass, coffee, and music.


Day one. Didn't buy a pack on the way home. I'm sick, I just had an amazing rehearsal that makes me want to save my voice, and I want to be done smelling like shit. All good reasons to try.

I read on Reddit that someone "Replaced the Ritual". Brilliant.

I'm addicted to my "alone" time, but I use it to overthink and over-use social media. I'm killing myself to be alone. That's super fucked.
I'm going to try and replace smoking with writing, meditating, playing, and asking myself what I need. It's one of the main band-aids I have. If I can do this, what else will I be able to do?

"The secret to permanently breaking any bad habit is to love something greater than the habit."
 -Random pinterest shit.
Things I love more than smoking?
-My people
-MUSIC

I cleaned out the planter that I started putting my butts into a year ago. 
It was disgusting.
Every butt represented 7-10 Minutes of my life gone. ALREADY. Not from being sick, but because I always interrupted whatever moment I wanted to because I had an excuse. I could always run away.
From good things.
From bad things.
I had something to blame my unwillingness to connect with people on. 
So many butts. (I'm really serious in this thought, however "so many butts" is fucking funny...haha.)
So many wasted moments.  


Day two: Just woke up and HOLY FUCKING SHIT. 
I fucking hate this. I'm crying for no reason, I'm on my period, I have a bad fucking cold, and an interview. 
My timing is fucking impeccable.

All I want is a cig, and I thought people were being dramatic about feeling withdrawal. Nope. They aren't. FUCK.

Ok, so I made it through the first intense withdraw, and fuck that. I can do this. I NEED to do this. I will not be defeated. Or rather, I will not defeat myself.

I keep having flash cravings. I'll see myself smoking a cig, and my stomach tightens up, and I feel PULLED. All I see is smoke around me. 

"If you are going through hell...Keep going." -Winston Churchill
Dramatic? Maybe.
Accurate? FUCK yeah. It's a smoky needy hole. Keep goin, Bitch.


Maybe this is a test. Not in the blaringly obvious way. A test of love. A test of body and mind.
Both are so affected, and they are actually fighting each other. 
My body is anxious and tingly in a gross way. 
My mind is telling me 2 different things.

-Give up now, like how you give up everything. Give in to the thoughts and lack of willpower. It's like every good thing/habit you've started, but you never saw them through.
Except the bad ones. You deserve the bad ones, though.

-You are able to do this. You feel in your bones that this time is different, and this is the key to unlocking the rest of the shit you can fix and accomplish. You've been telling yourself "You can't" for too long.
But this time, it feels like you can. The deep part of your belly can feel it. 
You're worth this.

I'm worth this.
And all of the other things I'll prove to myself I can accomplish.

"Sometimes the smallest step in the right direction, ends up being the biggest step in your life. Tip toe if you must, but take the step."

"The temptation to quit will be greatest just before you are about to succeed."
Both quotes from random, motivational pinterest things. 

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fT1DEPU8AL4

Wild Beasts song "A dog's life" is how I feel right now.


It's 1 a.m. Thursday Morning, and I've not had a cig in 24 hours. That's on hell of an accomplishment for me. 

I lit some cinnamon incense outside in the old cig holder/planter, and put some lapis lazuli, amethyst points, green goldstone, and petrified coral into the soil to help me bring healing to the burial grounds of my gross habit. 
It's nice to have the candle burning, and the smoke curling around me, cleansing the space with smoke as I cleanse my body from smoke. 
Things will start happening if I make them. I need to discipline myself. 
Tell myself NO.
That I KNOW better.
Why haven't I been listening?

Smoking is just the tangible sign that I like numbing myself to the point of no feeling. 
Smoking is my comfort because I'm so scared of myself.

-You'll be too much.
-You won't be enough.
-Every time you get up, the better you become, but you don't want to believe that. 

My brain has been programmed for so long about who I could be, should be.
But I am JUST me.
And I need to do a good job for ME.
BODY, MIND, SPIRIT.
ONE. 
I think I might be ok.

Day 2/3. 38 hours without a cig. WOW. Longest I've gone in almost 6 years. 6 years is the longest relationship I've ever had.

Cigs have been my confidant.
What an expensive, smelly friend. 

I'm actually proud of myself.
Walking into my second interview smoke-free, and not smelling like shit was awesome.
I was confident in what I said I needed, and had authority over myself in a way I've never experienced before. I can ABSOLUTELY do this.
I'm not a smoker anymore. I can be in control of myself and my mind.

I'm also learning how to not bitch out because of my thoughts.

I'm STRONG, I'm BEAUTIFUL, I'm POWERFUL.
I will LOVE on everything around me, and FIX my shit. 'Cause I CAN.
"Bitch don't kill my vibe!"

Got the job and really want a celebratory smoke. How about a celebratory, nature love walk instead.  :)

To be continued...

