Super long but I could REALLY use any words of help or support.

This is a throw-away because all of my posts are on mom subs, and I'm embarrassed of myself.  I started smoking at age 14 and I loved it immediately.  My dad, a life-long smoker (still is), didn't care and on the contrary seemed happy to have a smoking buddy.  As dumb as this sounds, there was no one in my life that told me I shouldn't smoke or how bad it was for me.

I smoked several packs a day until I got pregnant at age 18, and quit immediately cold turkey.  When I went in for my 12 week ultrasound, there was no heartbeat and I suffered a miscarriage.  I got pregnant again at 21 with my ex-husband, and my OB told me that continuing to smoke a few cigarettes per day would be better in the long run than quitting cold turkey and that quitting cold turkey may have caused my first miscarriage.  I wish I could go back in time and ignore that advice, but I was 21 and scared.  I smoked 3-5 cigarettes per day throughout my pregnancy and my son was born weighing only 5 lbs and 6 oz despite the fact that he was overdue.  Although I don't think this is related, he is severely autistic and also has asthma and allergies which I will never stop feeling guilty for.  He is almost 10 years old now.

When my son was around 5, I was divorced and met the wonderful man who is now my husband, and after a particularly bad bout of illness, he gently encouraged me to quit.  I quit using an e-cigarette that I gradually weaned down to 0 nicotine and then finally quit entirely.  I have stayed completely smoke free for the past 4 years, and during that time had a healthy pregnancy and gave birth to a baby girl who weighed 9 lbs!

However after that was sadly when my addiction came back to haunt me yet again.  Despite being 9, my son has a lot of needs more similar to a toddler because of his autism.  My daughter had severe colic and screamed 12-14 hours per day for her first 4 months of life, and my son couldn't take the noise and was constantly trying to run away and escape the house.  My husband and I were struggling financially and never sleeping so we were fighting a lot, despite the fact that we're doing great now.  So what did my dumbass do?  After 4 years, I picked the cigs back up.  It started as 1 or 2 cigarettes a week, and last week when I realized how absurd this has gotten, I was up to half a pack per day.

So I've been smoking again for 5 months; my daughter is 10 months old now.  This entire time I've been smoking I've been breastfeeding her which feels like dogshit.  My doctor said they are no longer contraindicated and that it's safer to be a smoking breastfeeder than a smoking formula feeder, but come on.  It just felt so awful and I spent every day in guilt.  Every time I smoked I would have to go outside, come back in and change shirts, brush my teeth and gargle, wash my hands and scrub my face and chest off with soap.  It took longer to do all that than to even smoke the stupid cigarette.

I decided last Thursday night that I refuse to continue endangering my children's health and my own and I quit for good, no e-cig this time, cold turkey.  I have been smoke free for 4 days total now.  But I feel like I'm coming out of my skin.  Here is where I need any tips or suggestions I can get.

I am just SO STRESSED on a daily basis.  My daughter is still very high needs and wakes often at night, she still needs to be mostly with me since I'm nursing and I don't have any babysitters anyways or anyone to give me a break.  My husband is wonderful but works a lot.  My son is out of school for summer break still and taking care of the two of them at once plus keeping up the house, cooking all of the meals and working at night after they go to sleep is taking a toll.  I feel like smoking was the only thing that I had for myself (how dumb is that, I know since it's poison, but still) and now it's gone.  I have joined a gym but the best I can do there is drag my kids along to walk the track because I have no one to watch them.  It's been 100+ degrees here daily so until that calms down, outside activities are limited.  I am on an anti-depressant but I don't know how much it's helping.

Not only do I feel so depressed without the cigarettes, I am so fatigued.  I find it so hard to keep my eyes open during the day and I am moving like a snail.  Normally I am like the Energizer Bunny and people say they don't know how I have so much energy, now I feel like a worthless couch potato because I'm just so tired.  I REFUSE to let myself relapse and I have no idea what a cold turkey quit is like since years ago I quit with an e-cig.  PLEASE someone tell me this will get better.  ANY TIPS appreciated.  I really want to succeed but I feel like I am in hell right now.  :(