Drank and smoked pack a day for twenty years..now just a total VAPEhead; time to quit that too, but how?

First I quit my alcohol addiction. I had been a daily drinker for a long time, then with a period of unemployment became a morning drinker too...I was no longer in denial, faced facts and tackled the booze as a physical dependency I needed to be rid of. I knew that without a drink I suffered hardcore physical withdrawal but also that after three days of no drinking, the drug is out and the physical dependence is gone. Yes, gone. It’s true and with some Librium, plenty of puking, the DTs, rest, and a little more librium (only 2 or 3 pills each day for 2 days) and more sleep day three, I was cured of the physical dependence. I had already mentally been so over it, being an alcoholic, always having booze hidden around the house, drinking just to level my nerves, just to not feel sick, that really I was so ready to be done with it, forever. And it worked. No relapses, no AA war story meetings, just a practical logical approach. Also, lots of long walks and bike-riding.
That was 2 yrs and 7 months ago. At the 2 yr point I decided to quit cigarettes next. I own Alan Carr’s the Easy Way to quit smoking, and have read it several times. Read it before quitting the booze and believe it helped me with that. I know he’s right about not using nicotine replacements, but nicotine seems more devilish and difficult than booze. There’s no three day detox option. I tried and couldn’t quit cold turkey as much as I wanted to. 

So instead I simply switched to the vape pen I bought at 7-eleven. I haven’t had a cigarette since! Not one! 7 months! So that’s the good news. I even had my lung capacity tested at the doctor’s office, before quitting and about a month ago. The results are fantastic. But yes, still totally addicted to this vaping now and I “smoke” it as much as I smoked cigarettes before and even go through all the same routines. I purposely buy the tobacco flavor so I don’t get seduced by the more pleasant flavors, but I’m still so addicted. When regular smokers pass me in the street I inhale the second hand smoke with appreciation and don’t find the smell a turn-off at all. 
So the good news is that I don’t smell like smoke, am saving tons of money ($70/wk cigarettes vs. $10/wk for vape refills), breathe better and can even sneak a “puff” on the job and no one’s the wiser. But I really wish there was a medication for calming the nic-fit nerves, that after three days in bed I could be physically free.  I feel like I’m just maintaining. Like the nicotine itself is an anti-anxiety medicine that I need. And maybe it is. I have been prescribed (very low dose) alprazolam (Xanax) in the past and perhaps I should try that again. But I almost feel like that would be just replacing one addiction with yet another.  I thought about not vaping for as long as possible until I really “need” it, to cut down, so to speak. But in the Easy Way, Alan Carr explains how just one hit will fire up the neurons again, open the pathways and you’re instantly back on the addiction, you’ve fed the little monster. So until I do all or nothing, vaping it is.  It seems from some of these posts that most of you found the first two weeks to be the most difficult. How difficult? If I could take two weeks off, do you think I could physically rid myself of the physical dependence? I take vitamins (emergen-C packets probably saved my life when I was at my alcoholic worst) but really need more ideas. What supplements, if any, do you feel I should take? Should I start now before quitting, or quit and do high doses of something for the first two weeks? After two weeks are the nic-fits, the physical anxiety, truly gone?
Congratulations to all you former smokers! I hope to join you soon. 
Also, I have not only quit alcohol but also before that, cocaine, and incredibly, none of that seems as difficult to kick as nicotine.  I am looking forward to any advice, in particular if you know of medications or supplements to help counter the physical cravings.
One more thing, is it possible that  nicotine itself, vaping, is not harmful? Oops, that’s the little monster talking...I carry around that damn vape pen like it’s my baby-blanket. 
Thank you for reading! 