Patch Users: Did you do the full 10 weeks?

Smoking for 18 years, about a pack a day for 14 years. Went on vacation a few weeks back, and decided to quit at the spur of the moment... a week away from work in a different city was just the best opportunity I've had in years to do it. I made the decision when I saw the patches at Costco at about 5 PM, and had my last cigarette about six hours later.

So, almost three weeks since I've got on the patch, and it works. The first week was so easy, because I was away from the stress and routine of "real" life. Going back to work shifted everything into "hard mode," and I'm having to relearn how to live... pretty much my whole life: how to find time to think when its crazy, how to handle disagreements, how to handle anxiety, how to handle confusion, how to handle boredom... I mean, I've been smoking for almost 60% of my life, I should have figured there'd be a learning curve. 

But it's working, so I'm not going to bitch.

The original plan was I'd do the whole 10 week program: give myself 6 weeks on 21mg to really feel confident that I've got a handle on the habit side before I started dealing with the nicotine withdrawals, then do my two weeks at 14mg and my 2 weeks at 7mg. However, my 3-week box is going to run out this weekend and I find myself debating if I should continue as planned, or either stepping down to Step 2 early or just stopping altogether.

On the one hand, I feel like I've got a decent handle on this "what do nonsmokers do?" thing. 17 days is the longest I've gone without a cigarette since 2006, and I can't imagine I'll need the extra 21 days on Step 1 to do anything except better develop my habits. I'd save about $50 stepping down early, or about $110 if I just get off the patch altogether, and those are some pretty nice motivators. 

On the other hand, I'm worried that I'm being overconfident, and I'm going to cave between the nicotine withdrawals and the pressure of my 50-60 hr/week job. I quit once, cold turkey, about eight years ago when my daughter was conceived and my wife had to quit smoking (she's still an ex-smoker, I stayed smoke-free for nearly a year). It was work where I started up again back then, and it's work I'm having the hardest time now.

Sorry to ramble, I'm trying to get my mind off the fact that this would have been my normal smoke break :-) So ex-smokers of Reddit who have used the patch: did you do the whole program when you quit, or did you stop early?