One year ago, I quit

I started smoking when I was 16, and smoked about 15 cigarettes a day until I was 29. I really saw it as part of my identity. Many times, it helped me make friends, kept me focused when I was drunk or stressed out.

I tried quitting a few times since I was 24 because I felt more and more guilty doing something so expensive, unhealthy and bad for the environment. My two aunts died of cancer and I felt really bad for my mother (who hates cigarettes because it killed her sisters). 

Sometimes quitting made me so depressed I decided I would rather die of cancer than live a whole life of despair. Sometimes when I quit, I would binge eat for weeks and hate myself. (And by the way, smoking again never made me lose the weight I gained during those attempts to quit).

One year ago, my lungs hurt so much that I thought it was too late for me : I had already fucked up my health. Instead of seeing as a battle against nicotine, I quit by letting go and trying to be honest with myself. I used nicotine patches in the beginning, and some lozenges after a few weeks. I never celebrated milestones, because I knew everytime I congratulated myself, I let my guard down a little bit. I don't get cravings often, but when I think I have won the war, they really surprise me and break me.

So, I have been really lucky to never fall in the trap of cravings again, for 365 days. I did gain weight, but I now exercise almost everyday and I feel better about myself. A huge weight has been lifted from my shoulders.

My wish for the next year is to stay humble about the process. I'm doing well but I could go back to smoking very fast if think I'm above the addiction. 

Still, today, for one day, I will let myself be fucking proud because I didn't think I was capable of quitting. The thought of living without smoking used to make me panic instantly. And I lived a whole year without one cigarette. I feel strong instead of week. Bravo, me!

A few tips I learned through experience, in case it can save time to others : 
- Psyllium Fibre in caps saved me from bloating and constipation. I still had problems in that department for the first 2-3 weeks. It gets better. 
- I'm not sure if the effects are real but I took a lot of St. John's wort pills when I quit. I believe it helped my brain. I smoked for so long and started when my brain wasn't completely formed, so I thought maybe I wasn't capable of creating my own happiness hormones. I don't know if St. John's wort helped but I want to believe. Mentally, I feel OK now, phew!
- I didn't avoid bars and alcohol for too long. I was quitting to be happier, not sad and alone. But I allowed myself to leave the party early if I felt drunk of craving a cigarette. I was just being kind to myself and it worked!

HAVE A GOOD DAY! 