Advice on quitting when you feel like you’ve made things harder ( mostly via NRT style tapering)

I smoked cigs- still do, but I’m very inconsistent with how much I smoke... anything from 1 cig to 1/2 pack... occasionally more if I’m stressing out majorly over something...

Anyway, I decided to use a vape pen to try and help... WELL- I feel more addicted to nicotine than ever, because I may not smoke a cigarette all day if I’m just chilling at home, but I hit that damned vape pen constantly ( seem to have issues because the vape pen is never *complete* ) 

I have the same problem with lozenges when I’ve used them to quit, as well- I’ll pop two 4mg mini lozenges in my mouth if I’m tired in the morning and have to work an early shift! I feel like I’m using more nicotine when I skip the smokes ! Patches make my heart ache occasionally and also give me nausea and skin irritation, so I’m not a fan... they also don’t seem to work as well since I don’t get that “rush” and then I just feel sick and jonsey... bah! I quit cold turkey in the past and stayed off em for maybe a year, year and a half- I would smoke occasionally when I drank a lot, but not everyday. I quit drinking- so I don’t have that as a trigger anymore if I do manage to quit... but whenever I seem to use NRT- I’m almost certain I’m actually using more nicotine and making things worse? Maybe I just don’t know how to gauge how much I’m using when compared to cigarettes and I’m being hard on myself?

I plan on switching to a lower nicotine concentration for my vape pen... been mixing 21mg with 10mg lately, but I’m afraid I’ll just start burning up more juice, rather than actually tapering...

Obvious solution is to just quit cold turkey, but I can be a huge bitch when I quit and I don’t want to make everyone miserable or snap on a patient or something ( I work in healthcare)... suggestions? I do have a script for bupropion that I was taking for depression, but I quit it since it didn’t seem to help my depression or adhd much... I did notice that my smoking increased post medication cessation, however. I smoked on the Wellbutrin since ( at the time) the goal was depression relief, not smoking cessation. I was on it for YEARS- been off of it for months... probably 3-4... when on Wellbutrin I smoked about 5 cigs a day for years unless I was out with friends drinking or something... maybe I’ve cleared my body enough, it would work to quit smoking again?

Sorry for the long post- I’ve talked to my doctor about it briefly , but he wasn’t super concerned about my smoking right now- he’s more worried about my mental health and my BP ( put on BP meds a year or so ago- I’m only 29 now...so that’s obviously pretty young to start antihypertensives) I am proud to say I was recently taken OFF BP meds, which is pretty cool, but I’m kinda surprised since I feel like I’m using more nicotine... idk.. but bupropion can cause hypertension, as well.... so, yeah... ugh...maybe this was more of a rant than anything, but I’d still like some input, if anyone feels like posting some tips/ advice.