Cheers to day 1 (after 6+ years)

I just wanted to post this somewhere. (to be clear this post is about quitting cigarettes, not weed - but weed led to my nicotine addiction).  

I began smoking weed just before I turned 16 - this later led to my smoking &amp; nicotine addiction. At first I refused to use tobacco for the joints, but soon after I started as it was the norm(Europe). For the following 5 years it seemed I was addicted to weed - I was at least dependant on the weed itself. However I believe I was addicted to the combination of nicotine/weed. Somewhere along the line, at 17 I think - I had started smoking cigarettes separately too. After many failed attempts to quit weed, I'm now a year free after quitting at the beginning of December last year. 

However I continued smoking, and remained addicted to nictoine. Being only 22, yet having a lot of negative health effects from 20 a day isn't great - I'm also at a high risk of blood clots from smoking. I don't particularly enjoy being a woman with a hacking smoking cough too. I think sometimes we live under the illusion that smoking allows us to be more sociable when it comes to drinks/going out with friends. But I hardly think my nasty smoking cough would make me more attractive to dates, or when out with friends. Escaping social occasions for a cigarette, or having to take nicotine mints with me to a friends house is not ideal. Smoking makes me miserable truthfully. 

I've stopped a few times using nicotine mints, or e-cigarettes. However I was never successful. Also tried the cold turkey/willpower method and kept it up for two months. 

Bought Allen Carr's Easyway a year ago and only got halfway through reading it (during the cold turkey attempt, missed the point of the book I guess). Last night I read the entireity in one day, and kept smoking till the end of the book as per the instructions. Honestly the book did make a lot of sense - and I feel a lot more confident about escaping from my nicotine addiction this time. I successfully escaped my weed demon this time last year, I look forward to being free of my nicotine monster :) 

Cheers to day 1. (00:50AM 2017/12/17) 