I was doing so well (2 weeks), then I fucked up.. It seems like if I relapse with any one of my bad habits I relapse on all of them

Hi everyone, I just found out about this subreddit and thought I'd share my struggle.


I'd consider myself a _light_ smoker (5/day but in the last month I've cut it down to max 3/day), first started at 15; 25 now.



2 weeks ago I decided to improve upon my life and cold turkey quit all my bad habits (cigs, smoking weed every night, being antisocial, not exercising, getting overly stressed at work). I was doing so well; I even stopped carrying my cigs around with me.


One extra-stressful day at work and all of a sudden I'm racing home, going straight for the nearest cigarette. Or if I'm having trouble sleeping at night (probably stressed about work) I'll smoke a joint to fall asleep then the next morning I'm back to the cigs. This has happened before; every time I try to improve I slip back into my old ways.



I'm not sure what to do, I want to quit all of the aforementioned things but it's as if they're all somehow chained together. Any advice? should I quit cigs first or maybe last? I'm having trouble motivating because I don't really have anything else in my life. I don't care about the health impacts (I know I should; but 25 year old me thinks I'm invincible). I don't care about smelling like smoke (I love the smell, also I don't have any friends or family or a SO; no one who'd complain about me smelling like an ashtray). I don't care about the financial aspect because I'm an overachiever in a highly paid field. I don't feel like my physical abilities have been affected (I exercise an hour every night and walk everywhere, I take stairs instead of the elevator everywhere). So basically every time I try to quit I just think "why quit? it doesn't matter anyway, everything will still be the same and this won't fix any of my life problems". Sometimes I even feel like smoking somehow benefits me? It gets me outside of the office/apartment and I get to take a walk outside and smoke.


