7+ months...

Hello fellow ex-smokers and those who are initiating this journey, I wish to share with you my recent accomplishment of reaching 7 months without cigarettes. This was accomplished on June 12th, and I have an interesting perspective on the matter. Before I continue, I guess it is important to share with you just how much of a smoker I was:

A pack a day kept boredom at bay. Regardless of how terrible any day may have been, I could always depend on spending time contemplating existence while lighting up. Everything in my day was carefully organized to always have time for a cig (or two or three): there was always time before and after a meal, before sleeping, before going out, before coming home. While working, smoke breaks were taken at regular intervals to avoid the mind from becoming stagnated. My favorite way of working was to load up on cigs, coffee and snacks and work all night enjoying the cool fresh air and the beautiful silence of the calm. I was immensely productive during these all-nighters.

Needless to say, this lifestyle brought about terrible health consequences. I developed a nasty smokers cough (which is 99% gone now), and I had recurrent chest infections that got pretty bad. Eventually, I had blood from my sinuses drip into my mouth from the dryness. Not to mention terrible physical condition (couldn't run a mile if my life depended on it), terrible odor and breath, and many gastric and digestive issues. I was repulsive, and yet, I persisted.

I don't have a lot of friends, or at least a lot of friends I'd spend time hanging out with, and I don't have a long list of recreational activities in which I engage. So for all practical purposes, smoking was my primary source of entertainment and joy, every single day for nearly 10 years.

One does not live like this for 10 years and quit without going through terrible consequences: I have gained 40lbs since I quit (now working to burn them off at the gym), I'm clawing my way out of depression (which wasn't caused solely by quitting, but rather all of life's issues converging at once), and an onslaught of productivity and creativity loss. It is difficult to concentrate on just about anything, and I have a hard time enjoying anything anymore (video-games, movies, drinking).

None the less, as much as I loved smoking (and miss it), I also love the perks of being a non smoker: all my health problems are either gone, or have dramatically improved; no more odor or bad breath; more physical condition (now go to a gym), and more money for ice-cream and cake!

While I expect to eventually get over this phase , I feel it is worth sharing the experience in hopes of receiving tips that may make this period a lesser struggle. Obviously this is nothing like the wild cravings of the first few weeks, which are gone now, but the feeling of emptiness and the still generally low productivity/creativity are not going away as quickly as I would like.

Having at this point lost all desire to continue to write, I leave you in hopes of reading your own stories. Please, do not be discouraged by what you read; despite all the hardships of quitting, the benefits are very clearly superior to what has been lost.

Thank you for reading!