Tomorrow I quit

Hey guys, what's up?  
My name's Emy, 29yo, and i've been a long-time heavy smoker since 15 years, now. Started in High School just for fun, like most of my friends, and then it became a regular habit. From 3 cigs a day, I slowly went up to almost 2 packs a day.  
In between, I also smoked a lot of different cigars, pure tobacco and different brands of cigs, from menthols to orange-flavored ones, in these long 15 years. And now, after suffering a lot of health problems (mainly blood-pressure related, migraines and IBS-C), including also depression and social anxiety (for which I take medications), it's about time to finally kick the habit for good.  
It doesn't "*inspire"* me anymore, and each time I take a drag from whatever brand of cig I buy/change, I only get nauseaous and very lethargic throughout the day. I always only get that sort-of *drugged* and *spaced-out* feeling, instead of that euphoric/chill-out feeling, like I would get in my 15s.  

I tried quitting with the aid of some Nicotine gums for 2 months, and alternating them with some sugar-free fruity Vigorsol gums. This method always worked for 2 weeks, then I always relapsed. Even though I was chewing, like, 3-5 of Nicotine gums a day, and kept myself as busy and active as possible. But I always failed, regardless of my strong motivation and positive thinking.

This time, I would really like to kick the habit without any help of NRTs or any other aid containing Nicotine. I plan to use just regular sugar-free gums, eat a healthy diet and keep myself busy. I read that the most crucial part of quitting are the very first 3 days. And that after those 3 days, it's gonna be a ride in the park.

I hope, this time, I won't relapse ever again. I already made some "progresses" by not thinking about buying a pack, or steal some cigs from my father packs, during these 2 months. But, sometimes, whenever I have to deal with some very stressful situations, that's where my cravings come back in full throttle, and I run to get a pack (if I have some money left in my pocket), start smoke 1, then 5, and then 10 and so on, without even noticing it.

The only good thing about using Nicotine gums, though, is that they somehow changed my perspective on smoking and definitely affected my smell/taste receptors, as well. 

Now, whenever I lit up and take a few drags, all I can taste is just a pretty bad taste of burned paper and I get pretty bad vertigo spells for 15 minutes. And if someone close to me smokes, I feel literally disgusted. So this should be a very good motivational sign to start again.

As far as medications goes, I take Paroxetine (Paxil) 10mg/day and 1 Xanax (XR) every 12 hours. According to some doctors, these medications are sometimes prescribed to help people who are withdrawing from alcohol and opioids, and they seem to help a lot with any kind of anxiety/restless/insomnia symptoms. So I shouldn't feel that much physical withdrawals symptoms (if any). 

My question is: has anyone who suffer/suffered depression/social anxiety managed to successfully quit this very bad habit for good?  

