I got some unexpected support from a stranger today

This is day two for me. I started to cave in to the cravings and went out and got the patch. Outside the store I put it on and started to drive home. It wasn't helping fast enough. The craving hadn’t gone away and all I had thought about for the last solid hour was having a cigarette. I decided to go buy a pack. I stopped at the convenience store on the way home. I was planning on just taking out one and giving the rest to the cashier, but the cashier was being a dick and I didn't want to reveal so much about myself to him, explaining that I was quitting and just needed one and he could have the rest.

I walked out to the car, defeated, holding the entire pack in my hands, pulling out one. As I got into my car and lit up another guy came out and started to get into his car next to me. He had just bought four packs of cigarettes. Calling for his attention I offered him the pack. I told him I was quitting and just needed one and he should take the rest from me as a favor. He gave me a sideways look, walked over and started quizzing me on what I was doing.

He ended up talking to me for about half an hour, as I sat in the car listening to him. He didn't want to admit that he wanted to stop too, but wanted to tell me how young I am (26) and how much he's destroyed his body doing this to himself for the last 40 years. He told me how lucky I am to have a girlfriend that doesn't smoke and to have her support, and that I even though I was sitting there having a smoke in front of him I was still winning the fight and I shouldn’t give up.

As he talked I couldn't bring myself to smoke my cigarette in front of him and I just held it down low. I was embarrassed to be doing it as he watched even though he had so many packs of cigarettes in his hand that he was struggling to hold them. I kept my eyes glued on him, standing over me outside my car. By the time we stopped talking my cigarette had gone out, with maybe a fourth of it gone.

The few drags that I did get in didn't help the craving but by the time he let me go I felt in control again. I'm putting the patch back on now.


**Edit:** TL;DR: I bought a pack just to have one and gave the rest to a stranger. I ended up talking to him for half an hour and he gave me some much needed support and advice.