Day 3! Here's what's helping me.

I'm finally on day 3! I started smoking when I was 17, and I'm 31 years old now. When I switched to an ecig 5 years ago, I did this to try to quit smoking cigarettes. I was a pack a day smoker. I wish I had just quit cold turkey because I became SO so addicted to the ecig. 

I decided to quit for good for 3 reasons: 
1. The cost: I was tired of spending $20 for a pack of pods that would last me a week. I've spent THOUSANDS on cigarettes and on JUUL pods, and quite frankly, I could have a new car by now instead of my car that breaks down all the time. I worry about money EVERY day, and I know that quitting will help me be more financially stable.

2. My health: I'm pretty healthy and run/lift weights 5x a week. However, I have horrible allergies and sinus infections constantly. I know a lot of this is because of inflammation from using an ecig. Now, I have to see an ENT and get allergy shots because it's gotten so bad. I am hoping that by quitting, I will get some relief. On day 3, I already feel like I can breathe a little better.

3. I'm just tired: I'm tired of being so addicted to this stupid USB drive. I'm tired of having to hide it. I'm tired of thinking about it when I can't use it. I feel like I plan so much of my life around making sure that I satisfy my nicotine addiction. AND I'M JUST DONE.

So, I set July 1st as my quit date. I talked to my doctor, and she recommended that I use the nicotine patch to assist in quitting. I bought 14 mg patches, lollipops, and toothpicks to chew on. Threw away my JUUL and told my fiancé to prepare himself/avoid me for the next few days. 

Day 1: Horrible! I felt like I had the flu- Nausea, vomiting, sweating, little sleep/dreams about smoking, just sick. I tried my best to just drink a lot of water. 
Day 2: I went to the gym in the morning and felt much better. Got home, took a nap, but felt pretty awful the rest of the day. I didn't feel as sick as I did on day 1, but my cravings were really strong when I drank coffee, drove my car, watched tv, after eating, etc. The problem is that I used my JUUL all the time, so I had connections to pretty much everything I do at home/when I drive. Breaking that is hard! 
Day 3: Felt a lot better this morning. Cravings were not as strong when I was drinking coffee and walking my dog. I'm going to the gym in an hour and then trying to keep busy for the rest of the day. 

What's been helping me:
1. Nicotine patch- I tried to go without it on day 2 and it sucked. I wore it day 1, didn't wear it for most of day 2, but put it on at the end of day 2 and felt so much better. I'm hoping to ditch it on day 5? Maybe someone can give me some suggestions.
2. Exercise- I walk my dog and go to the gym. I do Orange Theory and listening to the directions and loud music is very distracting (good thing).
3. Toothpicks- I chew them when a craving hits and it helps me get through them. 
4. The smoke free app- I just like checking the timer and earning badges.
5. Twitter/Reddit/Duolingo- Anything to get my attention focused on something else is helpful. 
6. Reminding myself WHY I'm quitting and just saying it over and over. Also, I don't want to go through this withdrawal EVER again. 

TLDR: Quitting is hard. Find things that work for you and get through the withdrawal as best you can!