12 months today...

Kinda proud of myself this morning, last april 12th I had my last cigarette, quit cold turkey- after smoking 30-40 per day- and haven't looked back since. I was 31 at the time and had been a heavy cigarette and weed smoker since around the age of 15.

Not to say that any of this was easy, fuck knows that first 3-4 weeks could be summed up by the phrase "swirling ball of rage and anger", but it certainly became a lot easier than that, and health wise I feel so much better- I now have most of my lung function back, and I hardly ever get sick, even when flu season is in full swing during the winter.

Me Personally,  found that quitting cold turkey and accepting the fact you were going to be a rage case for a few weeks was the Key. I'd tried to quit many times using gum, patches, even chantix- what a sack of shit that product is IMO- but cold turkey is definitely the way forward in my opinion for people looking to quit. 

One of the things I always found interesting was my mental attitude while quitting using nicotine replacement products: I'd already accepted the fact I didn't have enough will power alone to kick the habit, and I wasn't capable on just "sticking it out" alone, and needed the crutch...This always, inevitably, lead to me starting again with the mentality of "I can't do this, I'm not strong enough"

In order to quit I did have to make a few changes that would make sure I stayed off the ciggys for the "danger zone" of the first few months. First and primary was giving up drinking, temporarily, and staying away from any social situations where people would be smoking, going to parties, out to bars etc etc- something since that I have taken back up and find no problem being around smokers- well aside from the smell. The second was having a little bit of foresight and knowing when I was in a shitty mood, and staying away from people, GF, Family, Friends and work colleagues. Thirdly was, keeping up the exercise routine I had started 2 years previously- this was especially hard, no one mentions how badly quitting fucks your cardio up.

Mentioning the latter, I had always been strong runner, even when I was smoking heavily- 30-40 per day- I could still easily run 16 miles without getting out of breath, I used to do krav maga 5-6 time a week with no cardio issues... when I quite though, oh man, it all went to shit for the best part of 6 months: couldn't run for more than 4 miles, felt like blacking out at training after an hours workout etc.

long story short, my health is a lot better now, I can fully draw breath, I no longer wake up coughing with a sore throat, my concentration span is 100% better than before , and life generally has improved for the better :)

tl:dr I quit 12 months ago, cold turkey, feeling proud of myself this morning and just wanted a pat on the back :)



