Quit smoking yesterday, thought I'd post some stuff I wrote in my journal.

A little backstory: 

I'm a 21 year old who has smoked for... almost four years now. I've quit once before, about a year ago this month. Made it stick for 8 months. Once spring rolled around, I smoked a spliff (half tobacco half weed) or two with the homies. I thought I could handle it. Then I started smoking spliffs alone. Before I knew it, I was a smoker again. That was four months ago. But yesterday, in an appointment with my therapist, I realized that I can do this. I can quit anytime I want. So I did. Right there. Hadn't planned it that way at all, but sometimes you just need to face your fears head on and not look back. 

Alright, the journal entries: 

>Well. There it is. You just quit smoking, and you're fucking over the moon about it. You're looking forward to it. This shit is exciting. You're facing down one if your worst fears. You're a strong enough man to handle this. Get pumped. 

>First Craving. not too bad, actually pretty light. more annoying than anything. 

>No, body. You don’t really want to smoke a cigarette. You really want nicotine. Which isn't going to happen. sorry not sorry. Stay positive. 
 
>See, here’s the thing. Your body wants a cig. That’s not abnormal, you’re well and truly addicted to nicotine. that’s fine. But you can handle it. Because the best version of yourself does not want a cigarette. And if you put your mind to it, you are the best version of yourself. So NOTHING. No mistakes. No one last cigarettes. It’s over. Fuck cigarettes. You don’t need them to be happy. You’re going to crave and sweat and feel shitty for a few fucking days, then you’re going to be perfectly normal and cigarette free. 

>Seriously. All the bullshit unhappiness you’re feeling is your reaction to your body’s imbalance in chemicals. It’s literally got no bearing on your life. You can be strong, happy, and unstressed and also not smoke cigarettes. Guess what, the cravings and withdrawal symptoms are going to get worse before they get better. That’s actually not even a big deal. Fuck it. You’re better than your cravings. You can face them down with a smile, because you know how to deal with your own emotions, your own body, and your mind in general. 

That's pretty much it. I'm past 24 hours, and I'm managing to stay incredibly positive. My brain just keeps inserting thoughts about cigarettes into my stream of consciousness, and I'm just laughing. It's funny to me at this point, because I'm not treating this as a shitty experience. I'm treating this as something I really, really want. So what, I have some craving and withdrawal symptoms. I don't have to tell you all how bad smoking is. I have an awesome life, I'm incredibly happy with who I am, and I wasn't happy with the fact I smoked. I made the choice to change that, and I'm honestly excited to live my life without cigs. 

You guys were incredible the first time I quit, this time is going to be no different... except I will never again touch any form of tobacco, no matter how much I think I can "handle it". I am an addict, and one slip is too much. That's my reality, and I'm honestly happy with it. 

Sorry if this is really long and rambling... Love you guys. 