Checking in

I have 'quit' for months at a time before a couple times; but always started back up after having cigs drinking or something would somehow spiral out of control and I'd be a full-blown addict again.  Usually it was smoking spliffs (weed+tobacco) that would do me in, I barely smoked just tobacco for the last couple years of my smoking career.

I think turning 30, and having gone through that spiral a couple times finally(!!!) imprinted on me that I can't even fuck around with a puff of tobacco or I will get locked into that horrible spiral again.

I have a couple friends who smoke still and it isn't really a thing anymore; it pops into my head that maybe I could smoke a cig but then another part of my brain has alarm bells go off like, zomg wtf.. nooo remember that battle of hating yourself and smoking anyway??? 

The first couple days are rough, but not so bad, and a few days of roughness for the rest of your life being better is a no-brainer.

Quitting has set off a positive-spiral of getting in better shape, eating better and just overall feeling better about my health that I hope everyone who is currently leaning on the cigaratte crutch will consider.

I can't recommend enough getting away from your environment just for a couple days when you quit, it will make it so much easier if you put yourself in a position where you can't smoke, or it's a huge hassle to.   Go on a hike or camping trip and don't bring the death sticks; it will make things so much easier if you aren't having to fight with yourself of 'should I have one should I not have one' because you already forced yourself into that position.  You *can't* have one for 3 days; so by the time you can have one again you will be little bit less insane.

Smoking cigarattes when you want to quit is true insanity; and anyone who has quit will tell you it's not that bad and worth it 100x over.  

My perptually bad breath is gone; which is something I appreciate more than everything else.  

Good luck.  Anyone struggling, feel free to PM or post here or make a thread.