The key is getting mentally prepared. Quitting because you want to, not because you should.

So I was a smoker for 18 years, got to a point of very heavy smoking, 20 a day no problem, I was probably creeping up to more than that a day depending on what time of day I would buy my next pack, but tried to just convince myself it was 20 a day.

Anybody could tell you, but I will tell you, I was bar far the most addicted smoker I ever knew. I always needed a smoke. Any and every situation required a smoke. I would light one the moment I woke in the morning, smoke in bed, I would go get a coffee, smoke on my way to the train, get off train, smoke on my walk to work.. just from getting up in the morning to making it to my desk at work I could have smoked 5 or 6 already, and then it didn't get any better, on the hour I would be going out for smoke breaks, I got to the point of smoking two on a smoke break sometimes just to drag out the day ( but little did I know greatly enhancing my addiction) ... I always saw myself as being anxious all the time, particularly in social situations and smoking was a way to be able to remove myself from any situation and get space...

Well, I started examining all of my habbits with smoking intensely in my head over a number of weeks, even a few months, I just thought about what it was I didn't like about it. I didn't like when I would shower in the morning, put on a nice fresh shirt, a nice suit, aftershave, I would look and small great, then leave the house, light a smoke, and boom I smell like shit.

You have no idea how much it is prematurely agining you too, your skin, once I got into my early 30s, everybody was always surprised by my age, I basically lost a decade to smoking, I looked about 10 years older. Your teeth yellow and stain, it's obvious in pictures, go back and look at them... and it's incredibly unatrractive, not just to strangers and the oppositie sex, but to your friends also... a lot of this I learned after I quit and realised the annoyance of always going out smoking and you have no idea the smell a smoker brings back with them... 

After giving up I got back my sense of smell and taste, you wouldn't believe how much comes back ... another thing I felt, after a couple of weeks, I could take a deep breath, a deep breath that felt my lungs stretching out like I hadn't felt in about 10 years, it was amazing.

I also just had more pride in myself, I immediately was more confident, I got a great sense of achievement, people would congratulate me and it felt good.

All of this, before even mentioning the financial and health benefits. I would suggest getting one of these apps for your phones that tracks the money you're saving and the health benefit timelines of changes occuring.

Giving up is 100% psychological. You need to decide before you stop that you're going to fight the cravings and you're going to give this a real go. You know those nasty smokes, the ones that give you no pleasure? Acknowledge those in your head every time, just the ash everywhere, stuffy room, wrinkeld face, yellow teeth, stinking ashtray nasty ass smokes...

Don't try and be ceremonial about it "this is my last smoke ever" blah blah ... I think many people who fully quit at some point sample a smoke again at some point, so it's not even the case, but once you've made the decision to quit it's not all or nothing, it could be a continuos effort, but you've got to see meeting each goal as imperative. I just said one day. Can I not smoke for a day.

I did that. Then if I can do one day, let's repeat the trick. 

But prep it all in your mind ahead of time. Be ready and willing to stop smoking before you stop smoking. Actually the hardest part is getting to making that decision, having all of your reasons and really meaning it. It's time to drop this shit. Imagine yourself on your fucking death bed with your kids and wife and how stupid and angry you'll feel for just not giving up the damn cigarettes, it's not even impossible, it's a first day, a first week, a first month, and it sucks a lot of the time, I used strong mints to replace the "hit" I would get in the back of my throat, but the cravings die and die and die...it takes a bi of time, but trust me, look at all these non-smokers going around, smoking never even crossing your mind...you WILL get to that point, you've just got to give it time, and cravings are the addiction thats trying to kill you, its the dying calls to pull you back in and feed it. Its trying to kill you and you're trying to kill it. Those cravings are you winning and it begging to be fed. Don't feed it. 

Honestly, it sucks, but just get through the first day no matter what. then the second one. then make it to the end of the week. then try another week. these little milestones, but it gets gradually easier and easier, until about a month onwards, you really start to feel like the tide has turned and you're really in control of this. Just hang in there. I have never felt better, and I went through a really, really tough giving up process, but just kept my head down and got through it and I've never, ever felt better and I'm really proud that i did it and I feel healthy, confident and zero anxiety...the smokes were giving me the anxiety.

Best of luck my friends. That shit is either going to kill you well before your time or you quit. Those are the only two possible outcomes here. Pick one.