Trouble actually stopping!!

Hi peeps, long time reader first time poster here.

I am looking for some advise.  I know a lot of posts here talk about stopping smoking, the troubles around staying stopped and the journey and benefits of stopping, but I am having a massive issue even getting started.

I desperately want to stop.  I have been reading posts on here for months now in admiration of you all who have stopped and continue to be free from smoking.

I have wanted to stop for a loooooong time now.  I know all about the health benefits of stopping, I know of the massive financial gain if I stop, I know of the social gratification I will gain from being a non-smoker, I know my house will smell a million times better.  In essence, I know things will be better.  And yet I cant stop.

I seem to have this weak side of me that, no matter how much I don't want to, I will buy a packet of cigarettes and smoke them.  Then I repeat the process.  I always have a packet lined up for when I have finished the packet I am smoking and I cant, for some reason, not have that next packet.

I am starting to feel immensely guilty because of it.  I walk up to the counter, ask for a packet of cigarettes, and hand over the ridiculous amount of money.  Whilst I am doing this I am feeling sad and unhappy about it, but yet my brain is telling me that it is the right thing to do.

I am starting to feel like a slave to the situation, and I am staring to think that maybe thinking about quitting is getting me down so why quit!!

So I reach out for help.  How did you amazing people take the jump?  Did you use any specific methods to make your brain believe in quitting more than smoking?

I am going to try again this evening.  I have 10 left in my packet and no "next packet" in the house.  My idea today is to have a last cigarette before I take a bath then come out clean and fresh and tell myself I am going to stay that way and to not light up.  BUT, I have hours to go between now and then, and my brain is already concerned that I dont have the next packet in the house.

This is going to be hard.....