A year on...

This week I reached a milestone, one year since I stopped smoking.

Early on this subreddit helped me greatly, I posted a few times at various
stages but mostly I lurked. Knowing I am not alone in suffering from this
addiction is invaluable. Thank you to the all the people who have shared their
experiences, good or bad, if you are still trying please don't give up.

I used to tell myself that the biggest motivator for me to stop was not health,
but money. But beyond money there was this feeling that I had begun to despise
myself. I was shackled to an expensive weight that I hated but thought I could
not live without. Every morning I would buy a pack of cigarettes, the shopkeeper
would give me a look, I felt sure he was pitying me. I hid smoking from my
family. More than anything else, I felt like idiot.

I have posted here before about the need to relearn behaviours without smoking.
The best example I can give is going to the cinema, as a smoker I would rush out
after the film ended and light up. The first time I went to cinema after
stopping I had a major craving as the film's credits scrolled. I had many such
patterns, after a meal, getting off a bus, etc. But the cigarette that was most
special to me was the first one in the morning, In the morning I would rush
washing and getting dressed, then I'd light up as soon as stepped out of the
front door. Obviously the first time I did that after I stopped smoking, I had
a major craving.

I have now stepped out the front door without smoking cigarette more than 365
times, and today I don't think about smoking at all as I do so.

A surprising thing about stopping?, constipation, I didn't have anything like a
normal bowel movement for nearly a week. I believe this is not uncommon, but
when preparing to stop I rarely saw it mentioned.

Though the most surprising thing about stopping is that it ranks as the most
difficult thing I have ever done, but at the same time in hindsight was a lot
easier than I thought.

The Alan Carr book helped me a lot, I don't like to admit that, I have always
been a sceptic about self help books. But a friend recommended it to me and I
was at such a low point I decided to give it a go. That you are encouraged not
to give up until after you have read the book definitely helped too.

This book seems to divide people, and I understand why, some of the writing
reminds me of a car salesman at times. But in its favour it is a very non
judgemental book, easy to dip in and out of, and most importantly the arguments
are sound.

I must admit I used to lie to myself, thought that smoking benefited me in
various ways that mitigated the ill effects of nicotine addiction, the Carr book
did a great job of demolishing those arguments. It let me down gently, didn't
call me an idiot but made it clear that I was one.

I didn't have an epiphany, there was no moment for me where I suddenly felt like
I was free. I remember clearly those first few days, my brain had a constant
mental fog, I could not concentrate on anything, just watching TV was difficult.

But I got through it, one statement that makes me think highly of the Alan Carr
book is the advice on when to quit. As we all know the addict loves to put
things off, I'll stop tomorrow/next week/next month I told myself, too many
times to count. Carr wrote about how he originally told people to quit as soon
as possible, but later modified this advice.

Whilst there is never a good time to stop, there are particularly bad times. As
Carr says, if Christmas is stressful for you then wait until it's over. For me,
I knew I could never get over that initial hump if I was at work, so I took
a week off. It wasn't an enjoyable week, I did nothing, but it was what
I needed. By the time I went back I had 6 days under my belt and was able to
cope.

I also emigrated to another country a couple of months after I stopped, and
I think this helped. There are many lifestyle changes that can be made, changing
job, moving house, etc. Those patterns of behaviour that need unlearning are
related to your environment and routine.

I still read this sub, I don't want to get complacent, my mother stopped for a
couple of years when I was child and then started again. Even though I rarely
think about smoking these days I know I am not safe. Again I rely on an argument
from the Carr book, there is no such thing as one, and that one cigarette could
cost me far more than the cost of single pack over the rest of my lifetime.

I try not to admonish current smokers, I know for a fact that stopping was
something I had to do largely on my own. I only told a couple of people around
me I was stopping, and even then only after I had started my quit. If someone close to me had
told or asked me to stop I would have been unlikely to listen to them, it probably would have made things worse.

I notice smokers now in a way I didn't used to, I wonder if people who never
smoked do the same. I work on a campus where smoking is not allowed, and I see
people just hanging around at odd places at the campus edges. Even before I see
the cigarette in their hand I know what they are doing there. This is really the
only time I think about smoking these days.

I mentioned earlier how difficult it stopping was at the beginning, stopping has
given me confidence, and encouraged me to face things I find difficult.

I have saved a shed load of money this year, as a result I am going to buy
myself a shiny new laptop. The cost of which will be less than 25% of what
I would have spent on nicotine had I not stopped.

I wish you all the very best at stopping, keep trying, it's worth it.
