Day two and feeling good.

I don't often post on reddit, but I gave up smoking two days ago and this sub has been a huge help, so I thought I would try and pay it forward.

Been smoking for nearly 10 years and I am now in my early 30's.  Recently I became aware of just how addicted I was, I knew smoking was awful but couldn't stop myself from doing it.

And the price of a pack just keeps going up, spending £50 a week on something that you know hurts you and makes you feel horrible is a slow mental torture that I became desperate to escape from.

I had some holiday to take so I took a week off of work and promised myself I would attempt to stop smoking.

A friend had recommended the Allen Carr book, so I bought that and read it off and on all weekend until I finally finished reading it on Tuesday morning.
That morning I had my last cigarette, I hope it is my last.

I know Carr's book is a bit controversial, but I would recommend it to someone thinking about quitting (or a similar book).  There were a couple of things that really resonated with me.  Firstly, whilst I can't speak for anyone else, as a smoker I was really good at self deception, ignoring the warnings, convincing myself I got huge enjoyment out of it.  Secondly, and related to the above, I never thought of myself as a Nicotine addict, I now know that I very definitely am one.  For me the valuable part of the book was exploring the psychology behind smoking in a friendly and non judgemental way.  I plan to re-read a chapter every day in the morning probably for the next few weeks.

I have quit cold turkey, having tried to cut down and use e-cigs in the past with no success.

My first two days have not been easy, but definitely easier than I thought they were going to be.  The worst part for me is what I call the "fuzzy head", I don't feel horrible, I don't even feel like I need or want a cigarette, but as I try and do something (play a game, watch a TV show) my ability to concentrate goes and I get frustrated with myself, then I start to feel the nicotine addiction.  Luckily this was worst on the first day and noticeably better on day two, I actually feel very confident that I will make it to Sunday.

Things that have helped.

* Deep breathing
* Drinking water
* Pacing (if I could do proper exercise I would, unfortunately this is the best I can do at the moment).
* Sitting in the sun doing nothing, waiting out the cravings the headaches.

On Monday I am back at work, this worries me, working in central London it can be hard to avoid cigarette smoke on the streets in particular.  I believe I can handle it thought, I don't plan to post often but I think I will probably make another one at the end of next week, since I believe that will be a huge achievement personally.

If I had to give some words of advice to those who are thinking about quitting it would be the following.

What kept me smoking was the idea that I needed it, that I would never be able to enjoy life without smoking, stopping smoking is unlikely to be a walk in the park but after just a couple of days I now honestly believe that my life is better and more enjoyable without smoking.

Time to stop rambling, a big thank you to those who post here, it's really helped me to keep strong.