Quitting Again

HI All, I'm new here and have quit smoking again almost exactly a week ago. Tomorrow morning at 8am marks exactly a week. Sorry about the following wall of text. I just need to write this and I don't care if no one actually reads it. I haven't told anyone I've quit yet and I feel like it's working in my favour. I don't even know if anyone in my house has noticed I haven't had one. I do better when I'm not feeling the outside pressure from others, even if they're just trying to be encouraging.

I have quit quite a few times before but this time around it was the hardest. Last time I kept off them for 3 years. I started taking my health seriously. As well as kicking the habit I got my Sleep Apnea treated and started eating a lot better. The result was dropping 50kg up until November last year when I let it all go wrong.

I went on a boys trip to Japan, Thailand and Malaysia for 24 days in mid November last year. All my friends were smoking which I was ok with at first but one particular mate, who had quit smoking at around the same time as me started up and before I knew it I was too.

Since coming back I have tried a number of times to quit again but it's been tough. I'd get 2 or 3 days in and I'd cave.

So what has motivated me to get this far this time around? I went for a jog. Something I haven't done in ages. I jumped on the scale last week and realised I've put on 15kg since returning from that trip. I've been unmotivated to exercise the whole time as well, apart from the occasional weight session. Well, my jog lasted about 50 metres before my lungs felt like they were on fire.

I've been walking every evening after dinner with the dog and my son on his bike with his training wheels and have steadily been increasing my pace. I had a job today which had me running up and down stairs for a couple of hours and I was actually running. 2 weeks ago I was walking up some stairs and was doing the heavy breathing thing after just one flight. 

Today, I felt good the whole time. I can already feel the fitness returning which is making me feel like I want to keep going. I've tried quitting for my wife, for my kids etc. I quit for my son last time when I realised I was going to have a really hard time keeping up with him if I didn't get my health in check. But it hasn't worked this time around. 

So this time I'm quitting for me. I don't want to be a fat cunt anymore. I want to look good in my clothes. I want to be able to climb mountains again. I want to be able to run again and join a sports team etc. I just want to be better.

I know it's only been a week but it feels huge to me and I'm confident I can make 7 days turn to 8 and then 9,10 etc. I still think about smoking of course but it's at odd moments. I was worried I'd get cravings after meals or when I am driving or other moments which would usually include a cigarette but I don't. I get them at odd times like when I'm getting ready for bed or sitting on the toilet. 

Well, if anyone actually read to this point, thanks very much. I appreciate it. I'm not looking for a pat on the back, I just needed to tell someone who's not going to put it on a pedestal and tell all my friends and family and shit. 