18 year old asthmatic. Smoker for 3 years and vaper for 4. It's time to make a change. Day 1

Sorry for the wall of text, I need to say all of this at once. Feel free to read, I'm indifferent either way, I just need to get my story out.

I started smoking my freshman year of high school when a friend offered me a vape mod for about $10.00 one day after class. I accepted it and the juice that he gave me with it and told myself that I would only use it because I liked the flavors and the buzz that I got from the nicotine. I told myself that this would be all that I would use and I wouldn't use it for a long time, and would only use it in social situations to look cool. That mentality lasted me about two months when the mod broke on me. That was the first time that I experienced nicotine withdrawal. I woke up about 2 days after it broke irritable and feeling cramped and the only way I can describe my mental state then is just empty. It felt as if my brain was missing something. Little did I know, that was the start of a 4 year downward spiral into nicotine addiction. I hated the way that I felt without the nicotine and so I got all the money I had at the time, probably about $50.00 (a lot for a 14 year old with no job) and went out and got one of my friends who was 18 to buy me a bigger, nicer mod with more juice with higher nicotine content. After about 6 months of using that, my parents walked into my room and caught me sitting in a butt of vapor. They took the juice and the mod and took my phone and grounded me for a week. After being hooked on nicotine for such a relatively long time at that point, the next day was hell for me. It was then that the stealing and lying began. I went into my younger brother's room and took $30.00 from him and went out and once again bought a vape mod, but this time I couldn't afford the higher nicotine juices and after another stretch of time, I realized that my tolerance was building up and that the vape just wouldn't cut it anymore. It was then that I started smoking cigarettes. This time for the money, (I got my first job at 17, but I'll talk about that later) I went into my mom's purse and stole $10.00 and once again got my older friend to buy me something using his ID. But this time, it wasn't a vape, it was a pack of the Marlboro Reds and a lighter. After that, I was hooked. I took more money from my parents and brother and used that to buy me another mod with more juice. By this point, I was smoking about a pack a week, which for being a somewhat shut-in child is a lot because I knew that I could only smoke when I was outdoors, or when my parents and brother weren't home. This process continued for about 2 years, every now and again increasing the amount that I smoked. At my peak, I was smoking a pack of the Marlboro Red 100's a day because as I got older, I got my license, a car, and more freedom to go out and about, usually to smoke. As this was going on, I was consistently being caught with cigarettes and vapes and having them taken and being punished, and then repeating the process of stealing money, and lying about taking it. 

One thing I should mention is that I am also a heavy asthmatic. For all of my life I have been on heavy medications to control my asthma, and because of this and my smoking and vaping, I was going through rescue inhalers at a rapid pace. Because of this, and the fact that my inhalers are prescription only, I quickly burned through my prescriptions and would be without an inhaler for a few months. This isn't really an option for me because my asthma is so prevalent. In order to work around this, I would resort to stealing and lying again. My mother also has asthma like I do, so I would take her inhalers from her, and then burn through those as well and lie to her saying that I had no idea what could have happened to her inhaler and why they were always empty. 

This whole thing continued and escalated for years until it got to when I was 17 years old and got my first paying job. At first I was saving pretty well, supporting my smoking with random change, stolen money, and other, usually immoral means to pay for cigarettes. Then I got my first paycheck. I spent the entirety of that paycheck on cigarettes. None for gas in my truck, none saved, none on food. All of it on cigarettes. I did this with most of my paychecks, and multiple times would be out of gas and not have any money left and would have to steal gas out of the gas tank in the garage for the lawnmower.

I lived like this for a year...

I was in a very sad and low state. My happiness depended on whether or not I would have nicotine that day. My parents know I'm a liar, a cheat, and a thief and don't trust me. My brother resents me because of how many times I stole money from him. I even stooped as low to steal the money my grandparent's had given him for his birthday right out of the card it came in. 

But I'm looking to change. 

I'm tired of the stealing. I'm tired of the lying. I'm tired of the mistrust and resentment. I'm tired of basing my happiness on whether or not I can smoke or not. I'm tired of being chained down by my addiction. I yearn so much for freedom, but I'm not willing to give up the main thing holding me down. So today I came clean. I told my girlfriend that I had been fueling an addiction behind her back. I told my parents where I hid my vaporizer and my lighters and cigarettes. I told my friends about how seriously messed up in the head that this damned addiction had made me. I told everyone about the lying, the stealing, the cheating, the everything, and now I come here looking to share my story and plead for help and support because I've tried to quit so many times on my own in the past, and it has never worked. 

The first step to solving addiction is admitting that there is a problem, so I am here to say that my name is /u/erviniumd and I have a problem. I am addicted to nicotine and it is ruining my life. I need help, and I'm willing to do anything to do away with these chains that are holding me back