Answering anon's question: How did you quit /b?

&gt;&gt;744384410 How did you quit /b?

I simply stopped visiting /b.

It was very hard at first, the cravings, the need for the micro bursts of endorphin released by my brain everytime I spent hours glued to the screen, watching girls like the ones I know, but which I know I'll never get to fuck... Or rekt/gore threads marveling myself as the extremes of the human condition... The endless, boring, run-off-the-mill porn. Every single time...

But I did it.

It was, divine intervention, if there were to exist such a thing, that I came back today, in order to answer your question, anon, "How did I quit /b?"

---

I smoked a lot when young, always became disgusted because exercise, then spent the last few years only smoking if I'm drinking (at a party or reunion with the intention to get from "a bit drunk" onwards).

And that's not because I really want to smoke (sometimes obviously I do, as I would want a steak), but because I crave the cigarette on a deeper, basal level. A primitive desire from a primitive brain that takes precedence over the neocortex, caused for sure -besides nicotine being already addictive- because of the ingrained relation between party/reunion + alcohol + cigarettes.

I still always become disgusted afterwards.

I also smoke 100% natural, cut in front of you from the leaves, (as opposed to what's inside cigarettes) local tobacco in a proper 80+yo briar pipe that I restored, which is absolutely delicious.

And sometimes I smoke marihuana on hardwood (mahogany, granadilla) pipes/hitters, which obviously doesn't taste near as good as the tobacco pipe (but you have to agree, it's an acquired taste), which I guess doesn't count for a lot.

Cigarettes are disgusting.

So maybe this is not about quitting, but managing it, for me at least, because all my ultimate dates come and go with me not smoking, but at the first party/reunion I smoke again. I don't feel particularly bad the next day, yes I'm disgusted by my senses of smell and taste being ruined, but not morally so.