Why I started and why I stopped

I have the dumbest reason for starting out of everyone I know. I was 18 and suicidal but knew I'd never have the guts to off myself immediately, so I figured I may as well play the long game. Those first cigarettes were disgusting but I forced my way through, treating them as a less obvious and more socially acceptable form of self harm than I was doing before. I don't know, at the time it made some kind of fucked up sense.

By 21 I was medicated and slightly less depressed, but my new full time job gave me the perfect excuse to continue smoking. Who wants to give up those sweet smoke breaks, right? The only good thing was that I had moved back in with my parents at this point and wouldn't smoke in front of them, so at least I only smoked at work and my weekends and evenings were smoke free.

At 22 I moved out into a new place with a very convenient balcony, so naturally I started smoking at home as well. Problem is that life was good and I wasn't depressed anymore. I realised my old rationalisations for smoking had fallen apart, yet I was smoking more then ever. At this point I realised I was an addict, but rationalised it away like we all do. I told myself I was still young, that any damage I did could be undone later, and promised myself I'd quit before I turned 25.

Some time after turning 24, that promise to quit before I turned 25 became a promise to quit when I was 25. A slight change of words to buy myself an extra year of smoking. My 25th birthday came and went in August and I had no intention of quitting any time soon.

Then in September I started having unexplained episodes of back/chest pain, lasting hours at a time. They were intermittent, so I ignored them. In October they got worse but my GP said it was probably just anxiety, so I kept trying to ignore them. On 19th November the pain was so bad went to A&amp;E just to check I wasn't having a heart attack. Thankfully I wasn't. I had a follow up appointment with my GP the next day and walked out with referrals for a chest x ray and spirometry. Apparently my breathing didn't sound right. That was my "oh shit" moment.

I smoked my last cigarette on 23rd November. I've since found out that the pain was caused by gallstones (anyone else ever had biliary colic lasting over 10 hours? That shit hurts) and my lungs are fine, but I will never smoke again. Those few days where I was left wondering I'd left it too late, scared that the irreparable damage I had promised myself to avoid had already been done, was exactly the wake up call I needed.

Despite all that, I know I have a way to go yet. Part of me still romanticise smoking but I'm working on it. I also keep catching myself thinking that I just need to make it to one month without smoking. But then what? What am I expecting to happen after 1 month? A huge part of me is worried that I'm doomed to fail unless I can get it into my head that there's no end date and that this is forever. Maybe my brain just needs a bit more time to catch up.