Incapable of quitting.

I'm certainly not the only one, I hope, that experiences the occasional chest pain or throat strain feeling. Given the bombardment of commercials and ads stating the dangers, I'm sure we all go directly to the same assumption. While my lung capacity has seemingly reached critical levels of pathetic, and my wallet feels the burn every single week. After ten years of smoking, at 27 I feel as though I have zero resolve to quit smoking. Literally hundreds of half hearted attempts down the drain in those years and I'm no closer to quitting yet ever closer to reaching a point of no return I imagine. Hell I'm smoking one right now.

I sometimes feel I'm clinically depressed so I don't value my life all that much enough to really give it a go. Other times, I feel like it's the destabilizing anxiety that I always carry further compounded by any attempt to quit. As though every ounce of motivation leaves me the moment I make the decision and every distraction only serves to solidify that anxiety, as though it would never leave. Because it won't. I had the anxiety before the smoking, but now they are allies. 

When I try to quit I go for a few hours, preferably on the weekend because I'll hate being at work during the attempt. More so than I already do. In my past, I've quit jobs while completely disregarding the troubled spot I put myself in. I'm afraid that while I am long past that simplemindedness, the withdrawals would cause me to become erratic enough to force me into a similar situation by way of self sabotage. I wouldn't quit, but i'd leave early. I wouldn't quit, but I'd call in. I wouldn't quit, but...so on, so forth until the job would no longer have me. 

My biggest fear is that the anxiety would cripple me to the point of not caring were I to fully commit myself. It all sounds melodramatic, but I really do seem to do everything in my power to avoid life. That avoidance has pushed me into smoking even more at home, though I'll admit, I smoke less at work now. 

Is it possible to be so apathetic to your own survival that you'll continue down a path that you know for certain only causes destruction, that without a doubt will cause permanent damage to your life in all respects?
I think so. 

Everyone around me smokes, and the ones that don't have people around them that smoke. If I'm alone I'll certainly smoke. I don't have the money to constantly traipse off on the daily, surrounded by healthy people so that my shame would help keep me in check, or rather, my want to better myself. I don't even have the motivation to do that to be honest. 

Fuck it, I'm going to sleep.