One week vape-free: what sucks, what helps.

I’m quitting vaping, not smoking, but hope I can still find a supportive community here.

Background: I managed to switch from smoking to vaping a few years ago, with only one relapse about a year ago. I weaned myself from 24mg juice down to 12, but just increased my use. I was a chain vaper. You name the place, I was vaping. The ecig did not leave my hand. I got a new job a few months ago, and was always running to the bathroom to get my fix. It was hard to sit through a meeting that was more than an hour long. Forget about a movie. Or traveling. I’d sneak it anywhere I could. Last week Friday, I got caught vaping at work. And told if I was caught again, I’d be fired. Well if that’s not a wake-up call, I don’t know what is, so I bought the patch and the lozenges, and here I am.

What sucks: Because I vaped pretty much everywhere, everything is a trigger. I reach for it in the morning, and when I remember that I can’t have it, I just don’t want to start the day. My concentration is shot to hell. I have crazy dreams and don’t feel well-rested when I wake up from them. But I want to sleep all the time, since at least then I wouldn’t be jonesing. Coffee and booze are out of the question. I’m hungrier, but post-meal is one of my biggest triggers. Basically, I’m a big mess.

What has helped: Of course, unique to my circumstance, I remind myself that I still have my job. But also: I signed up for the smoke free text service. I use the nicotine patch only when I’m at work and need to focus the most. When I get an intense craving, I remind myself that I’m wearing the patch and tell myself “nicotine is still flowing” (like those airplane overviews of the oxygen masks when they tell you that they may not inflate, but oxygen is still flowing.) I use the lozenges. I hold my bottle of nicotine lozenges like I used to hold my ecig, and suck on the thumb of my knuckle like I would inhale my ecig. I carry the little bottle around with me like I used to carry my ecig around with me. It’s comforting to still have a little nicotine talisman. I tried a hypnosis video on youtube. It wasn’t transformative or anything, but a helpful mindful meditation exercise to think back on. I will probably watch it again.

So, that’s where I am so far. I know mine is a little different than the “analogue” experience, but I couldn’t find a lot of resources on quitting vaping, so I wanted to share. It has been helpful and inspiring to read through this subreddit and learn about all of your efforts, and I wish you all the best of luck and continued success.