Weird, Intense Dreams

i've been having a spate of these lately. the last three nights my dreams were:

A. i was living in a dark, dark house in a dark dark forest. a friend i never see came over to watch tv with me. it was king of the hill, but half of the characters were missing and the rest were all weird and different, ie boomhauer talked normally. then i remembered i was a reporter and i had to go cover a press conference by the queen of england.

i had to go prepare for this in a lush indian jungle/rainforest for some reason, even though i paid no attention to my instructions because a bunch of tigers were hanging around and i was concerned about them. eventually the queen arrived but suddenly she was holding a trial, like she was some kind of judge. immediately she noticed some tigers had followed us into the courtroom and was like 'bailiff, remove those tigers!' a swat team in all traditional sikh turbans and beards pointed sniper rifles at the tigers from close range and they slunk out, grumbling.

B. i was living atop a dizzying metropolis, like hong kong x 10 000. the buildings were gigantic and defied logic. i met a friend from work and he told me he was going to sell his dog to a dog torturer to get money to participate in a reality tv show where you have sex with prostitutes live on the air. i was so incensed i beat him up really badly, repeatedly picking him up and throwing him into a car until the car smashed. 

then i was afraid the cops would get me so i went on the run, descending to the lower levels of the city where rather than the expected slum it was beautiful landscaping, some kind of on the street arts and crafts festival, and i merged in calmly with the upper class types lost in jollity. the city changed into being an old fashioned european style town. i wandered for hours, all impetus lost.

C. i was watching a movie starring bill murray, jerry seinfeld and ian mckellan. seinfeld and mckellan were two brothers-in-law with a tense relationship (seinfeld really wanted the disdainful mckellan to like him, to no avail) who had married into a wealthy family, the rich patriarch and matriarch of which had died years before leaving only daughters. all the daughters had recently died in a freak accident leaving only their husbands to tend to the estate (and divide it up amongst themselves). the whole movie was set on the palatial grounds of this enormous estate replete with huge and ornate buildings.

they were consternated when bill murray appeared, who was acting totally wacko, like gene wilder in the producers when he doesn't have his blanket. apparently he had eloped with the third sister - just before her death - whom seinfeld and mckellan thought had died alone. the two of them suspected foul play and were determined to get to the bottom of this, because they feared having to divvy up the wealth three ways instead of two. bill murray kept appearing solo in a series of bizarre vignettes, oftentimes being observed by seinfeld or mckellan or both as they investigated to find out what was going on and why they weren't aware of his existence before.

we see life before the daughters died in a series of flashbacks interspersed with the main plot. just as seinfeld was on the verge of discovering the truth, mckellan murdered him (apropos of nothing!) and the audience learns that mckellan caused the 'accident' that killed the sisters, in another flashback, because he was sick of waiting and being tied down, he just wanted the freedom to spend the wealth he married into.

but in the end it all turned out to be a long con. mckellan went to jail for all the murders and bill murray and the third sister - who had faked her death because she had figured out what mckellan was up to, and simply allowed her sisters to get murdered so SHE could have all the family's money - got away happy at the end. bill murray was never crazy, he was just acting that way to throw them off the scent (somehow !). so the movie ended with the third sister, alive and well, and bill murray riding off into the sunset with all the money in the world.

is this happening to anyone else? i swear i normally neither have dreams this convoluted or intense, OR remember them in such perfect detail.

P.S. also i remember some other ones but i'm not typing them out 'cos they involved sexy times. !!!