How I liberated myself from a drug addiction to nicotine

I first attempted switching to cigarrilos, because I could buy one at a time, no feeling of commitment as in buying a pack where you feel you want to finish the entire pack before quitting.  This helped decrease total intake, I would have a couple a day.  I then got a gf who introduced me to vaping.  I would vape on hers while over at her place which was nearly every day, on days I wasn't I would get a cigarillo.  I still had it in my head that I wanted to quit so I didn't want to invest in a vaporizer of my own, but he was hinting at impatience over my making use of hers so I bought a cheap pico mod.  I started on 3mg juice.  I would vape a LOT.  My nicotine intake shot up a lot over the next half year.  The nicotine in vaporizer hits differently, like the difference between caffeine pills or coffee, very agitated feeling, irritable, but highly productive and emotionally numb.  I began getting panic attacks, first one in the barber chair, very embarrassing.  I calculated that I was vaping about three times the amount of nicotine I used to smoke.  Got fed up.  Tired of clinging to this device with sickly sweet chemical vapor.  Like a baby with a soother that was slowly poisoning me.  Became decisive that I would quit.  Spent a month on 1.5mg juice, adapted to it fine, gave me confidence, not high enough to get that high feeling in my head, became weaned from that sensation.  That made it easier to switch next to 0.25mg, more of a placebo dose, felt minimal withdrawal first couple days, but I also snuck a couple vapes from GFS 3mg juice to help me along.  Spent a couple weeks on this juice, one day said ENOUGH, filled my tank, poured out $60 worth of juice, vaped the rest of the day, after midnight drove to a grocery store, threw mod in garbage, went home and slept.  Felt confident and free.  No desire after, no second guessing the decision, no attempting to compromise with myself that I could have even one vape off GFS vapor when I'm around her.  No desire for it.  