This time around, tried hypnosis. So far it feels a lot different than every other attempt.

A little background: I've been smoking for about 15 years, and I've quit smoking probably about 6 or 7 times. The longest I made it was 9-months but that was about 5 years ago or more. I started again because (insert lame excuse here.) I've tried the patch, the gum, Chantix, substitution (both sugar and sugar free suckers), eCigarettes, EasyWay/Carr... oh, what else am I forgetting? Needless to say nothing yet has worked for me, though I did enjoy the Carr book very much. 

That brings us up to now(ish.) Nearly two years ago I moved to Key West and rented a room in a beautiful house. I happened upon a book which was written by the previous resident about quitting smoking, similar to EasyWay. I didn't actually read the book but I did research the author and found out that she uses hypnosis as a technique. Weird, but I'd heard of it. So, after living here for awhile I'd occasionally here positive stories about this person for locals on the island. After my last attempt to quit (9-months ago) failed miserably, I went ahead and tracked her down. I signed up and over the weekend began the process of hypnosis. I had one session on Friday morning (2+ hours) and second on Monday (1.5+ hours) via one-on-one web-chat. It cost me $200. I am invited to reach out to her as needed (for free) going forward if I need additional help. 

After Monday's session, I find it hard to describe the experience at all, except that it feels very positive now that the process is completed. Friday's session was very dark and left me quit anxious. There was a lot of personal reflection... very much like a therapist, very reflective. I ended up smoking about 10-cigarettes during the weekend (much less than my usual 30/day, but still not a great result!) I rationalized by failure over the weekend and reported my results to her on Monday morning... and... I think she expected to hear it, actually! Monday was very different and much more positively focused. I would say that many of the techniques/thoughts were very similar to EasyWay/Carr. When the session ended I became a non-smoker. My housemates smoke cigarettes constantly at the Tiki bar, and my room is connected to said Tiki bar... the smell wafts into my room... I have no desire to smoke. I hang out with them out there, and still no desire to smoke. I went out for dinner/drinks with some smoking friends last night - same thing... not even an urge to ask for a hit. 

I hope this feeling lasts. Has anyone else tried Hypnosis before? What was your experience like? 