If I do not smoke a single cigarette starting now my SO will buy me an Xbox One when it comes out.

I have previously quit smoking with the support of this subreddit and the badge. I was able to go as far as 560+ days without smoking. The first couple of weeks were the hardest but I was able to pull it off and I loved it.

Unfortunately, about a month ago I started smoking. Now without going into too many details I got back at it indirectly and got addicted to it again. I didn't realize that I was addicted to it until it was a bit too late, i thought that i had it under control but i was wrong. I started to buy cigarettes again just to make things easier but have always had the intentions of quitting soon.

It's been a month now and I feel that waiting any longer is just unnecessary and will make things more difficult. I discussed quitting a couple of times with my friends and they all believe that i can do it again. I personally feel that it's really hard to actually and truthfully convince myself to really just stop smoking now which I also happen to believe that it is the right thing to do now too.

So I asked my girlfriend to reward me in someway, like give me a small symbolic present in two weeks if i do not smoke again starting now (the first two weeks were the hardest for me last time), something simple and cheap that I like. Now we both have just finished watching e3 were they have show a lot of stuff about the new console and we both liked it.

She suggested that she could get me an xbox one in November as an early Christmas gift. I told her that it's a bit too much and i do not feel comfortable with it and maybe something cheaper would do but she insisted.

So here I am, really hoping that I can quit this time. The badge has really helped me a lot and I thought I would share my story as well as resting it.
I know that I want to quit smoking and I know that I would feel better too once I have gotten past the difficult part in the beginning of quitting.

tl:dr Started smoking again a month ago after a very long quit, want to quit again and asked my SO for a small reward to help me. She now wants to get me an xbox one in november as an early xmass gift if i quit now and not smoke a single cigarette.