4 months in

Quit 4 months and 5 days ago. I've been trying to find smokers to hook up with, because I miss the smell. A couple of my coworkers smoke, and every time they come in from a break I catch a whiff and it's so nice. Although it makes me want one a bit, it's still good just to be able to smell.

I've noticed that I can't read for as long as I once could, because I used to take cigarette breaks every couple of hours to keep up my concentration. I've been trying to make it through In Search of Lost Time, which is a lot of fun, but which would've been way easier with nicotine. At some point, I always start getting nauseous and feeling a bit of a headache, and then I need to take a long break and watch TV or something.

I mostly quit because the factory I started working in is smoke-free. It's a pain in the ass: everywhere is banning cigarettes these days. I have no idea how my coworkers manage to get enough nicotine in a shift when they have to leave the property just to smoke.

It's also nice to think I'm less likely to get cancer, but of course you never know. Luckily, I haven't gained as much weight as I thought I would. Often, I wonder whether it is really worth it.

I hope eventually they manage to make some kind of medical breakthrough that will allow me to take up smoking without any risk, but I'm guessing that will never happen. In the mean time, there are other things with which to distract myself. But it would always be nicer with a cigarette. 

Coffee and wine aren't as good as they used to be, although I still drink plenty of both. There's no longer a great way to end a big meal. I miss being able to stand outside and smoke when I wanted a break from everyone or else to be alone with somebody. 

I think it would be kind of nice to have sex with someone while they were actually smoking a cigarette, so I could enjoy it vicariously. I'm surprised I haven't tried this yet. Probably the best thing would be to smoke some weed every once in a while, but I'm worried about drug tests at work. 