Quitting smoking caused me to have extreme allergies?

Hey there! I had been a smoker for 10 years prior to quitting. I have Upper Airway Resistance Syndrome and severe Obstructive Sleep Apnea, so I decided to quit when I finally got the confirmation of the jaw surgery that I need to (hopefully) cure my disorder. I was afraid that quitting would send me into a tailspin of depression and anxiety, but I was able to quit cold turkey and was totally fine. Then about 3 weeks into quitting, I suddenly started having pretty terrible allergic reactions to seemingly everything. I was previously slightly allergic to my cat, but it was tolerable as long as I vacuumed regularly and didn’t touch my eyes; but then suddenly I was experiencing allergies so bad that I couldn’t breath due to congestion and presumably inflammation in my already obstructed sinuses. I have had to give my cat to my sister while I try to figure out this situation. I’ve also been having allergic reactions to even the tiniest amount of dust, all animal hair, spicy food, most cosmetics and likely a bunch of other things I don’t even know about yet. 

The ironic thing is that I was quitting to ensure I will be healthy when I have my surgery–but quitting smoking has caused me to gain about 10lbs–which makes my sleep apnea much worse, and now I have these allergies and constant itchy congestion, which makes my sleep apnea worse and I can’t even wear my CPAP anymore because I can’t breathe through my nose. It is kind of funny but I am also suffering 24/7 and the exacerbation of my sleep/respiratory disorders is severely impacting my quality of life and ability to function
or even be conscious. I have tried various antihistamines, steroid nasal spray, saline spray etc. Nothing seems to work for more than 1-3 hours. 

Has anyone else experienced anything like this? I know smoking suppresses the immune system (and I’m assume your histamine response, by extension). I’m ashamed to admit that although I was almost 6 months into quitting, I actually started smoking again because I am THAT desperate for a respite from these allergies. I’ve only been smoking for a week now and it’s some brand I’ve never smoked before. Prior to quitting I had only ever smoked Djarum Blacks. I’m bummed because I had no desire to start smoking again and I don’t think I would have relapsed, had I not developed these allergies. But my surgery isn’t going to be for at least another year and a bit, so in the interim I need to find a way to survive/breathe/not die in my sleep.

Thanks for reading!