Signed up for my work's quitting program. I really want to quit again.

I'm 24 years old, smoked from when I was like 15 to 21, quit the day after I turned 22, then fucked up and started smoking again around January of this year. 

I'm getting sent patches and gum for free from work in about a week. The program is also going to call me a few times and I'm free to call them whenever. My plan is to use the patch and take the gum as needed.

Has anyone here ever done a program with this and had it work? The counselor who did my intake interview was very nice and helpful. I thought it would be awkward to talk to some stranger on the phone about my life, and I only called for the free patches/gum. But talking to her made me think I will want to take advantage of the counseling service as well.

Now I'm going to list reasons I want to quit.

1. Smoking is way too expensive. Here in PA a pack of fucking Pyramids is about $6.08 now. It's ridiculous. I spend about $10 a day to smoke now and it just sucks.

2. I'm sick of coughing up mucous every morning. I'm sick of that nasty smoke buildup feeling behind my teeth and in my mouth. I'm sick of stinking like shit all the time.

3. At work, I get a 15 minute break at 5:45, my half hour lunch at 7:30, and another 15 minute break at 9:45. It takes me 4 minutes to power walk from where I work to the smoking area. That's an extra 24 minutes a day I could spend sitting instead of on my feet!

4. Both of my siblings have quit smoking. One due to pregnancy, my other quit using the same program I signed up for. I feel I have competitive sibling rivalry here. If my sister quit, I am going to quit and quit better than her! This is really petty, but I think it might actually help me quit, haha.

5. Most of my friends don't smoke and don't like that I smoke so I get bitched at when I go out for a cig. (Peer pressure is good sometimes, I guess?)

Anyway, I set my quit date for November 1, but I think I'm going to do it a bit sooner. I'm just waiting on the patches and the gum. If anyone has any advice, it's much appreciated!