Day 100 - some thoughts on quitting

Today is Day 100 for me. It was a long hard road in the early going but now that's all in the rearview and I honestly feel like I've been a nonsmoker forever. Some random thoughts on how quitting went:

Days 1-3: Obviously the roughest. For me days 1-2 really were the worst and felt sort of like having the flu with serious head fog going on. By Day 3 though the sting of it had worn off and I could see the end in sight. 

Weeks 1-2: No physical cravings but a chronic feeling like I was forgetting to do something / should be smoking. Every time I passed a 7-11 or gas station I felt like I was supposed to go inside for smokes. After every meal I felt like lighting up, etc. Very frustrating. 

Weeks 3-4: Same as above but now only getting cravings when I'd encounter a new situation where I used to smoke but wasn't smoking anymore. For example, seeing my chainsmoking Aunt at Thanksgiving - we used to be smoking buddies and just seeing her made me crave one. Getting off a flight seriously gave me a nic fit too.

Weeks 5-8: Chronic thoughts of smoking were gone but I could feel my brain chemistry slowly re-calibrating and honestly went through a pretty dark period of depression where everything felt drained of color and pointless. I really chalk this up to the habit coming up with excuses to get me back on it. Just kept reminding myself that no matter how bad I was feeling, adding a sore throat and hacking cough to it wouldn't help, not to mention the shame of blowing it.

Month 3 onward: Almost don't think about it at all anymore except for the things I enjoy:

1. Not getting winded if I have to run for the train or carry my son up to his bedroom.
2. Vast improvement at the gym, not just in cardio but also weights - huge gains. 
3. No longer having to plan my work day around smoking / avoid coworkers at lunch. 
4. No hangovers or at least less intense after having a few drinks. 
5. $10+ per day more - I've saved about $1,000 already. 
6. My smug sense of superiority when I see people who said I wouldn't / couldn't quit. 

Etc. 

20+ years as a pack a day smoker and I am finally enjoying being a nonsmoker for the first time literally in my adult life. Any time I even consider having a smoke I remind myself the choice isn't between this cigarette or no cigarette. It's between quitting forever or smoking until I die.

Anyone in the early going who is struggling TRUST ME it gets a whole lot easier at the 3 month or so point. Once you get past the first few days you've really gotten the worst over with but in my experience once you get past 3 months there's almost no consideration of ever smoking again.

Just wanted to share, thanks for this sub and the support in the early going. I'll post again at 1 year (Halloween). 