25 days in; dodged a major bullet on the weekend

Just wanted to share what happened to me on the weekend. Friends had a dress up, college grad house party. I went as a priest/monk. Anyways, it'd been about a month and a half since I've had a drink. I've sought to take this sabbatical from alcohol, in part to take out the trigger that has destabilised past quitting attempts. Also, did it to lose weight. But I thought this was an occasion where it would be okay to have a few drinks, since it was my very close friends taking the plunge into real adulthood. 

So, the plan was to just have a few drinks. I was 22 days no smokes and I felt I was strong enough to fight the urges, granted I didn't get absolute shitfaced which would have led to the collapse of my willpower faculties. Well unfortunately, the spirit of the party got the best of me and by 1130pm I already had 5-6 beers and a couple of shots. I was for all intents and purposes fucked up haha. Despite this however, the urge to have a cigarette wasn't that strong, until...

Throughout the night, friends and acquaintances were waxing encouragement and support for finding out that I had recently quit smokes. Me. The one who would reliably be smoking a ciggie at a party, a club, or a bar etc. Then, there was a moment when my friend (who was one of the graduates) pulled out a Camel Blacks. Funnily enough, my friend had bought this packet for me while travelling in Japan. However, upon finding out that I had recently quit, he thankfully snatched it from my inviting hands. Anyways, after he took out the Camels, literally all the people in my group, formed a circle, and started taking and smoking one of the camels! Even the people who didn't smoke were having a fucking cigarette! In that moment, I was like ''you can do this, don't fucking smoke!''. Then one person said ''OMG these are SO GOOD!'', after he took what looked like such an amazing drag of cigarette smoke. Finding myself in the midst of what seemed like an impromptu, camel, cigarette-worship, ritual, lol, the urge overtook me, and I was like ''fuck this I'm having a cigarette''. Upon reaching for one, two of my friends were like ''DONT, DONT do it, you'll regret it''. That was luckily enough for me to pull back and walk away to another section of the party until their little celebratory, smoking circle-jerk dissipated. Didn't have the urge for the rest of the night, and didn't smoke! Although, I did have a crippling hangover that lasted the whole fucking day after. Can't do this shit anymore!

Anyways, moral of the story is. There is no none, or bigger point I was trying to make. Just wanted to share this. Be wary of your triggers, especially if you're under a month in. Stay vigilant. Tell friends so they know what you're going through and can reprimand you appropriately when the time comes. Also, try to avoid alcohol for as long as possible because being sober or buzzed can be all the difference between you maintaining your quitting streak and you starting all over again.

I don't ever post on this sub, but have been lurking here regularly over the past month to get some encouragement and motivation from all your advice and stories. Keep up the good work to those who are still quit, and don't stop trying to those who have recently faltered!

Peace my homies, and goodluck!
