New to Reddit...day 2

Glad I found this. I am kind of new to reddit, but not really. This is my first post. I usually spend hours and hours just buming around this place, finding interesting things to read. 

Anyways, I am 38, male....smoked since I was 17. I quit here and there with the longest period of over a year. No idea why I went back to smoking. I tried everything, gum, patches, pills, Allan Carr, etc...the "best" success I had was good old cold turkey. So here I am again.

What's crazy is, that in 2012, in January, couple of my friends and I decided to quit smoking. Only 1 is still going at it and is smoke free. I folded like a lawn chair.

I need to quit. I really do. I started to cough, I am winded, I have no desire to workout, do anything after work. I can smell this shit in my clothes. Even though I would smoke in my car with windows open, I can still smell it, not to mention, all the ashes that end up on my black leather interior. Ughhh...

So, day #2 today. I been there, I know how it is.  Just hope I can finally do it for good.

Good luck to all of you quitting! 

EDIT: Almost fell apart after work. Took a deep breath and just drove past the gas station. Feels damn good. Day two almost in the bag. By end tomorrow, nicotine is gone out of my system and it is all in my head from then! I have to survive the weekend!!!

Day #3: I have decided to just keep editing this post and write my progress. Today is day #3. My buddy from work, who tried to quit, bought smokes last night. Looks like he will be smoking alone today. Today is the day, when nicotine will leave my system and by tomorrow, I will be nicotine free!!! WOOT WOOT! I am thinking about canceling my plans with my buddy on Saturday. I know he smokes and I would probably cave in and smoke too. Other than that, just gotta keep on truckin'! Minute by minute, hour by hour, day by day. I didn't smoke in my car this morning, which felt awesome. The stink is going away. I feel "fresh". Don't have to walk into the gas station to buy cigarettes. Thanks for all the positive replies. Keep on going guys! We can all do this.

Went outside with my smoker co-worker, just to get some fresh air. Didn't smoke. Just took deep breaths and enjoyed the sun rays for 10 minutes. Felt good to get away from my desk for short time. Felt even better not to be smoking!