4 months went by...no more cravings, don't even want to smoke.

Hey peeps, 

Thought I would drop in and cheer you guys up a little and pump *claps* you up!

Just hit 4 months couple days ago. I didn't even noticed, but my gf mentioned something and I looked at the app and there it was, 4 monhts 10 hours and some minutes. Strange...I really don't feel like I ever smoked. It's weird. I don't miss it and now, that I think about it, I really don't know why or WHAT I "should" be missing? It's so hard to explain. Those feelings that something was missing out of my life at the begning, are totally gone. All my routines are back to normal, minus the freaking nasty ass smoke. I can enjoy alcohol without smoking 1-2 packs and having a monster smokers hangover next day. I don't have to walk into the gas station any longer. Everything is just awesome. I really really don't miss it. Cravings are gone. The only time I actually would think about cigarettes is when I smell my co-worker or smell it in the elevator after someone got off their smoke break. Even then, I don't think about it in a way of:" Oh man, I freaking wish I was smoking!" LOL This kind of thinking sounds absolutely ridiculous to me when I think about it now. 

Virtually all factors of my life did 180 degrees turn for positive. I won't list all the benefits of not smoking. Physical and monetary. I tell you guys one thing though...the smokers stigma is HUGE at workplace. I can see now, that smokers are looked at differently. There is always this thing about people who smoke. Going out for smoking, stinking, coughing. It's strange to explain. 

To the new people. STICK TO IT. Trust me, it gets better. Before you know, you will not even think about smoking and the only time when you actually think about it, the thoughts are how bad it was to smoke and that you don't believe why you smoked. 

This is sooooo worth it. I smoked for 23 years. If I can do it, anyone can. Stick to it! Here are the things that helped me:

1. I changed or eliminated EVERY SINGLE TRIGGER. That means, no more Sugar Free Redbulls in the morning. Dropped that until I felt safe.
2. I avoided alcohol and all my friends that drank and smoked. Especially ones that smoked. If I had drinks, I would have them with a friend that didn't smoke.

3. Drink water. ALL...DAY....LONG... I bought 40oz bottle and would drink it like a mad man. I would cut up some lemons, throw in ice and fill it up. 

4. Change the diet. Avoided shit food and fast food.

5. Start being active. If you didn't excercise for a while, start walking first, get that blood pumping. 

6. Do shit. Get shit done. Seriously. Got any projects at home half done? Finish them. 

7. Keep yourself busy. Avoid laying on a couch stuffing your face with junk food and watching TV. Be active.

8. Wash everything, your clothes, clean your car out, clean everything. 

9. Don't think that you are "quitting" something. You are not "quitting" anything! You are getting rid of this shitty friend that would always take your money and make you feel like shit! Get rid of him!

10. Take it minute by minute, hour by hour, day by day. Stick to it. Before you know, it's a week, 2 weeks, 1 month, 2 months. It goes by quick. 

Good luck! Commit to this! It's the best decision you are making for you and your family!