NEW YEAR QUITTERS! How goes it?

What the hell is happening kids? How are we doing this fine Saturday? Day 155 for me. I have to be honest, I don't even open my phone app to check anymore. I am done with obsessing over it for a long time now. I don't think about smoking, I don't want to smoke, I can't even imagine smoking. This is the best thing I did for my life. The benefits just keep on giving everyday.

Meet up with few friends and one of my best friends over the weekend. He was the only one smoking out of the group. We all smoked before, but everyone quit. One was 7 years, another 6 years, me on my 6th month. Nobody smokes anymore. It's such a stigma and just looks bad. I can't believe I smoked for so long. 

When I think about it now, I can not come up with one reason why I liked smoking. I really can't. Socializing? I do that now without smoking and it's fucking glorious. Boredom? I don't waste time smoking anymore. Constant leaving my gf when we are out so I can smoke, or pausing a show on TV so I can go outside and smoke. Rain, snow, heat... ugghhh why was I doing that for so long? And money! OMG I have so much extra freaking money! 

Newbies, hang in there. Trust me, I know what it feels like. I smoked for 23 years. Pack a day. Do it! You will love the end results, and the results do come quick. First week, you will notice it and start to feel better. Your sleep will improve (see my other post about my sleeping pattern change after quitting). Everything in your life will improve. You will not be so tired anymore. If you are always grumpy in the mornings, that will go away. You will be happier, more energetic, healthier, better looking too! lol. Your teeth will improve. For those of you who just quit, go to your dentist and get your teeth cleaned, so you have a fresh start. If you smoked in your car, get it detailed. Get that stench out of there. 

You can do this, but you HAVE to WANT it. Take it minute by minute, hour by hour, day by day, week by week. Don't stop! Be active, drink water, excercise, go for a walk or a run. Get those lungs and heart working! I can run a mile now, where before, I couldn't even run 30 seconds! Now, 4-5 minutes.. no problem! Lungs are not the issue with running now as it was before when I was gasping for air. Now, my legs hurt, so I have to practice and practice! 

You got this! You can do it! 