1 year and 7 months

I happened to open my quit smoking app on my phone that originally got me to this sub. It says: 1 year, 7 months and 17 days. I quit on December 31st 2015. We had a little group of people here doing the same thing during that time. I wonder how many of them are still here? I hope majority is!

Anyways, just wanted to give you new folks some words of encouragement. 

My history is like this: I smoked for over a half of my life. I am now 41 years old. I started when I was 16. I would smoke around a pack a day. I tried to quit many times past few years. I tried gum, patches, Allen Carr book, ecigs, etc. I would always come back to smoking. I would usually quit smoking on Sunday, sucking down that last timed cigarette out of the pack. "I quit monday!". Monday would come, I would be all excited, so I didn't smoke. Tuesday, same thing. I would think, 2 days done! Then Wednesday comes and Thursday. That is when I would fall apart. Excuses would come:" I didn't smoke for 2-3 days, I DESERVE a cigarette". I would buy a pack and the vicious cycle would continue. 

I met this girl. She didn't smoke. She hated it. Everytime we could go out, I would leave here sitting there so I could smoke outside. It was stupid and unattractive. I decided that something had to be done and that I finally had to quit this shit.

I picked the date, December 31st DOH! But this time, something in my head clicked. It was like a light bulb went on. This time it was different. This time I really WANTED to be a non-smoker. It think this is what was missing from my brain before. I didn't really WANT to stop smoking. 

It's been almost 2 years, I married that girl two months ago. We bought a house and build a gym in the basement and we workout together. I can not tell you how awesome it feels not smoking. To those of you just starting out, stick to it. It is sooooo worth it. The benefits are amazing. I don't even know many people that smoke anymore. Seems like it is such a stigma. It doesn't look professional at work, around people, friends, it stinks. Smoking is also connected to poor and uneducated people.

https://www.washingtonpost.com/national/americas-new-tobacco-crisis-the-rich-stopped-smoking-the-poor-didnt/2017/06/13/a63b42ba-4c8c-11e7-9669-250d0b15f83b_story.html?utm_term=.1dec3bf2b8a3

Quit. Just continue doing what you are doing. You are taking steps forward since you are here. Give it 2 months and see how awesome you will feel. Trust me on that one. It really does feel amazing. I don't have to tell you the benefits like smell, not coughing, not being tired. There are other benefits, like being proud of yourself for accomplishing stopping smoking. You can say that you are a NON-SMOKER. 

Good luck. Keep at it. You got this shit!
