As I approach 3 years of being a non-smoker....

...I want to encourage those of you who are struggling with becoming one. 

You are here in this sub for a reason. The saying is that every smoker wants to be non-smoker. Everyone. Nobody likes to stand outside sucking on those things when it's raining or cold, or even hot! I hated that! I am glad I don't do that anymore. 

Hang in there! It gets soooo much easier and once more time passes, you will stop thinking about smoking and the act itself will make you gag. I see my coworkers smoke and come back to the office stink like shit. It's horrible and I can't believe I smelled like that!

I smoked for over 22 years...pack a day. Everyday. Sometimes 2, if I was out with my friends. I tried to quit so many times. It became a joke at work because every Monday, I would try to quick. I would do good for 2 days, then feel brave and say to myself:" Well, I didn't smoke for couple days! So I can maybe just have one!" By Thursday, I would be back to smoking full time. 

I tried everything...gum, patch, Alan Carr book, e-cigs (lol)....nothing worked solidly for me, until I just finally got sick of it all and went cold turkey. **You have to know inside that you are done with this shit. You really have to want it BAD.** There is no magic, no tricks, no substitutions... **you have to want it.** 

At first, it will feel strange because you are changing virtually every part of your daily routine. You have to sub these with something else. Once you do it enough times, it will become a new routine. For example, my mornings were Red Bull and a smoke on my way to work. Now, I drink coffee. I do not miss it at all. 

At the end, your life will improve dramatically. You will feel million times better. Your teeth will feel clean, your skin will clear up, you will stop wheezing.. you will not stink anymore. You will also get rid of the stigma of being a smoker. People look differently at those who smoke, especially at work. 

If I can do it...any of you can!!!

Smoke free: 2 years, 10 months and 15 days
Money Saved: $5,317
Cigarettes not smoked: 15,756
Time not spent smoking: 54 days 
Life regained: 262 days

