Ahhhhh what the hell! Why not?!

WELCOME TO WEEK #7 ALL YOU SEXY NEW YEAR NON SMOKERS!

Funny how we went from counting hours, then days, then weeks, and now, I totally forgot to do the weekly post because I think I am starting to wait for my Month 2 star!

In any rate, hope most of you are still here. You HAVE to feel pretty damn awesome and totally different by now. I know I do! My sleeping completely changed. I have so much more energy. The money savings is a really nice added bonus. It actually made me cut my Direct TV service and save more money! Another big reason for doing this was that I wanted to keep being active and not spend time in front of the TV all the time. I am saving $130 a month, on top of the $6.75 per day for a pack of smokes AND $3.99 per day for RedBull. It's amazing how much it all adds up to. 

Cutting out drinking was HUGE improvement to how I feel. I can't even explain it. The one time I got together with my buddy and totally rocked it out, the next day I felt like complete shit and got nothing accomplished. I do not miss those days at all. I haven't hung out with my drinking buddies this year yet. Funny thing is, they are not calling me either and asking if I wanted to hang out.. hmmm...That's probably for better. 

I have to say, sitting here at Day 43 looking at the badge, this is by far the most serious and longest that I have been a non smoker. Everyday that passes, I think about how fucking stupid I was for smoking. There is nothing there that's good! Not one thing that I can point out that cigarettes did good for me. Help me relax? uhhh nope. They made me tired as fuck. I relax now after heavy, nice workout, feeling good because I did something awesome to my body. THAT is something that I look forward to! THAT is what feels fucking awesome! Not some smoking. 

To those of you who are new, stick to it. Trust me it gets better. This is so awesome it's almost unbelievable. It's like getting something out of your body, mind and just getting rid of it, something that was a crutch and always bothered you, something that made you feel like shit...in my case, for over 20 years. I DO NOT HAVE THAT ANY LONGER! No more stigma of being a smoker. I am a finally normal person. I honestly and seriously mean it when I say it.. I feel like a totally different person. I don't know if it's some kind of psychological thing, but positive things are happening to me this year. I am so looking forward to everything!

So Happy Week #7 New Year peeps! In short 17 days, we will receive a shiny new badge! 

Make it a good Valentines Day weekend! I am going to cook a nice dinner and chill out by the fireplace and have a glass of wine with my lady. 