New Years Quitters.. check in!

Time to check in peeps! How are we doing? This friday we will hit 2 months and have shiny new freaking badges! How 'bout dem applez hah?! Datz right!

I had a weekend from hell. On saturday, I got up super early and replaced couple gaskets on my car. It was sort of an easy job. Dealer actually wanted over a grand for the job. Uhh no, thanks... I bought gaskets for $34 and replaced them myself after watching couple youtube vids. Everything went smooth, so I decided to wash the engine bay, since I had some gime from the oil leak when the gaskets were bad, besides, I wanted to make sure it was clean so I could see if I had leaks after the job. Everything was fine. Engine washed...all shinny...start her up, she purrs...no issues. Ok, lets go to car wash and wash the outside. Go get her washed...pull out and swing by Taco Bell to get ice cold pepsi. I was so thirsty and they have best diet pepsi! I order my stuff in drive through and BOOM! I get freaking rear ended. WTF?! 

Some drunk ass dumb ass woman gets out of the car. I call cops tell them what happened yada yada yada...She was WASTED. At 1:30pm, this woman could barely walk. She starts calling me names, blah blah blah..Whatever, I didn't care. 

So then, she calls dispatch and dispatch tells her that she can go! I was like WTF?! Luckly we exchanged the information. So she takes off...about 20 minutes later, cop shows up and takes my report. I call my insurance company, let them know what happened and then call her insurance company and file the claim. 

Yesterday, I get the call from my insurance adjuster to give my statement. Get this... this fucking bitch is claiming I BACKED INTO HER and she is claiming that she was injured! How the fuck? Now, let me make this clear, my car is in PERFECT shape. There is not a dent, scratch on it. I take a meticulous care of it, I keep all the records, I record everything, I do all the maintenance as required. There is absolutely nothing wrong with this car. Everything works as it was brand spanking new. She didn't cause much damage to my rear bumper, but there are two dents from the license plate bolts and some small scratches. You know what? I don't give a fuck! They weren't there before she hit me!

I was fuming. My insurance guy says it's her word against mine! I mean, how the fuck is that even possible? I am lucky my bumper is not hanging off! People can just leave and claim other shit? 

Today, her insurance company called me and took my statement. It looks like they will fix it though. 

Regardless, people are assholes. 

I promptly went to amazon and bought two car cameras. Hit me now motherfuckers and lie, I have you on a fucking full HD film. WIDE ANGLE LENS BITCH!!!!

Sorry, got little fired up.

Oh...and after I washed the engine, now I have a check engine light that I am chasing lol.. I just can't win. 

Oh, but, I didn't even think about smoking :) even though she was freaking lighting them up one after another. 