Participating in a smoking cessation study

Hi all

Long-time lurker, first-time poster, etc etc.

So an opportunity came up through my work - go to a smoking cessation workshop/orientation with the local dept of public health, get 5 weeks worth of free nicotene patches.

The workshop is going to be a 1-hour educational session, covering coping techniques while trying to quit, and I'm sure the usual "this is your lungs on cigarettes" type of thing. Then each attendee sits one-on-one with a nurse to create an action plan for quitting. 

I'll walk away with the 5 weeks of free patches, and more can be obtained for free from the local health unit later too.

All of this is being done in partnership with a government addiction research centre. We just have to talk to a nurse a month later, and give an update on our progress. They're studying the effectiveness of the nicotene patch (I'm actually a little surprised they don't know this already, but not complaining!!)

I'm in my early 30's, and I've been smoking for upwards of 15 years. I quit cold-turkey once in my 20's, but that only lasted for about a year. 

When I was a teenager, my grandfather died of lung cancer in his 60's caused by cigarettes (and cigars, and pipes). It started as a baseball-sized mass in his lungs, and chemo/radiation beat it the first time. It came back a few years later ... but that time, it quickly spread to his lymph nodes, then his brain. I watched him waste-away, crying when he could only just manage to squeeze my hand when I begged him to tell me hello, because he could no longer speak or move. I watched his daughter (my mother) change his diapers, because he had lost control of all bodily functions. He died in his bed, at home, barely a shell of his former self. He wasn't recognizable as a human being by the time he found his relief and departed this earth.

In other words, I'm very much long-overdue to permanently quit.

Has anyone here had success with the patch, and/or participated in a study like the one I mentioned?