Day 3

Had to call-in sick to work yesterday. Hadn't slept a wink the night before, and was a total zombie as a result.

All day yesterday & the night before (Monday night), I'd sit in front of the TV, get that woozy "OMFG time to sleep NOW" feeling, put my head down, and instantly be wide awake. At some point I napped for about an hour, but that was it.

Today feels better so far. Still tired, but I'm starting to feel my lungs trying to clear. I've been coughing and sneezing like crazy - but it feels good to know that I'm getting ~15 years worth of shit out of my lungs.

I'm on the patch, skipped Stage 1 and started with Stage 2. I was on the cusp of moderate-to-heavy smoker (about half a pack a day), and the public health nurse let me choose where I wanted to start. 

I'm pretty sure the patch is what kept me awake all night on Monday night. I took it off an hour or two before bed last night, and it made a noticeable difference.

Yesterday I had removed Monday's patch sometime in the morning, and within a couple of hours the cravings were absolutely unbearable. I felt like a cat that needed to jump on the curtains and tear them off the wall. I was going absolutely stir-crazy.

Aside from the insomnia (which is hopefully fixed now), only noticeable side effect from the patch is pain in whichever arm I have it on. And I don't mean pain at the patch site (I get that sometimes too) - no, it's an ache that goes all the way from my shoulder to my wrist, down to the bone. Advil doesn't seem to help, I just have to keep myself busy & try to ignore it. It isn't listed as a known side effect, but Google-Fu has many other people saying they've experienced this too.

It's tough to quit. But I have an amazing common-law spouse/boyfriend who has been soooo understanding. He has been my rock so far, and I don't think I'd be able to do this without him.

My only real complaint? I was really looking forward to some psychadelic vivid dreams from wearing the patch at night ... but it's not in the cards ;)