I don't want to quit, I have to quit.

(Throwaway)

I quit Sunday, the day I found out that my dream job requires a medical evaluation and current tobacco use is an automatic DQ. I've been trying to get this job for the past 2 years and have already been through multiple physical and written tests, 3 interviews, and a full scale criminal history/background investigation. All I have left is the psychological and medical tests. 

I'm using a throwaway so I don't care about bragging - I'm ranked #1 out of 430 applicants that got through the initial testing phase (and many more who didn't pass the first steps and didn't even get ranked). I'm going to be a fucking great firefighter. I've been a volunteer firefighter for 2 years, and am one of the best volunteers in our department. Being able to quit my day-job and be a firefighter full time is truly my dream at this point in my life, and I'm so close. 

I am within 3 months of striking distance (job offer) and was researching the upcoming tests. When I was scrolling through the medical, I saw the words. Everything I had worked for the last 2 years was going to come to a halt if I didn't quit smoking in the next few days: **Any tobacco use is an automatic disqualification**. Fuck. 

I've been smoking since my senior year in high-school, which was almost a decade ago now. I started during the initial freedom at college, and have continued ever since. Cigarettes were my first taste of freedom in college, they were there for me when I got put on academic probation. Cigarettes propped me up after my first heartbreak, made the road trips to different cities tolerable and brought some friends and I closer together. My favorite picture of myself is me sitting on a tailgate overlooking my family's property in the sunset, the smoke glistening in the wind, myself and my uncle surveying the scene before the first hunt of the season, just 9 hours away. After college cigarettes gave me a get-away when I was the best man in my friend's wedding when the bride ran away, that break gave me a chance to mentally re-group and come back with a plan of action. I remember the first cigarette at my first house I bought. I was sitting out back in a chair I owned, on a deck I owned, at a house I owned. I was so proud, I bought a house at 26! I took that enthusiasm and celebrated with a cigarette...alone...on Christmas day - the day I moved in. I didn't have any family there, but my cigarettes were there for me, so I was fine. When I got into firefighting, I was sucking wind during a lot of our training drills, but I was able to keep up with all my brothers, so it was good enough for me. I'd leave academy after a long days work and go home to relax with a cigarette. I remember the first time I pulled a dead kid out of a car after a traffic accident, he resembled a person, but was so mangled you almost couldn't tell. I had a few cigarettes that night. While doing EMS training, all of my brothers and I got 100% on our final for our EMT-IV class. Of course we went out and celebrated! Per usual, I was the only one smoking. 

I enjoyed smoking, and I couldn't care less about doing harm to myself. But I need to quit for my firefighter brothers and sisters. I need to quit for anyone working in my community. Not only to set a good example for kids, but what if I'm too tired to pull you out of your house that's on fire? What if my lung capacity gets so low that I can't hold the 40lbs "Jaws of Life" long enough to get your car door popped open right away? That would be bullshit. I pay taxes as well and I wouldn't want that guy employed. 

So here I am, on hour ~65 of being smoke free. Call me a masochist, but my half full pack is still sitting on my counter next to a lighter. I walk past them dozens of times a day, and haven't touched them once. I chuckle sometimes and think I should break them and throw them out, but I like making quitting harder. I want to relish this pain and understand that I can accomplish it. The only things in life that are free or easy ain't worth doing. I have the option to smoke, and the will power to say "Fuck those things, I'm done". 