I really want a cigarette

But I don't want a *cigarette*. I have no desire to smell the little bits of plant matter wrapped in processed, ultra-thin other plant matter. It doesn't taste good, it doesn't add material or spiritual benefit to my life. It won't help anything.

I know these things, because they are me. Cigarettes taste bad, they smell bad, smoke hurts my throat (even though I'm conditioned to enjoy that feeling). Couple all these with external, scientific facts - cigarettes cause cancer, emphysema, those pictures of blackened lungs. I don't breathe as well, I don't shit as well, I don't focus as well. I know all of this.

So what is it I want? An ideal that was initially sold to me by someone else, something else, just an observation that other people take part in this activity and seem to enjoy it. Now I sell the idea to myself, wholeheartedly, even though I know the product can't deliver. I want a "time-out," something to do, some reason to stop and think about something else. Cigarettes have never delivered on this, but they keep claiming they will. Objectively I know that this is just addiction, cigarettes don't make these claims, my brain does, via chemicals and such. But I can't "out-think" addiction, and neither can anyone else (it's a pet theory of mine that this is why more intelligent people are more likely to develop addictions, as I've heard - they're used to thinking their way out of problems)

Imagine you could rule out all other factors affecting mood and quantify the amount of pleasure or enjoyment gained via the experience of smoking a cigarette, and graph this quantity over time. For me, the graph would peak after deciding I'm going to have one, just before I get to the door outside or just before I've lit it. By the time I've taken the first drag I'm already experiencing diminishing returns; by the end, I'm bummed not because the cigarette's gone but because the desire to smoke won't be back up to a level that provides satisfaction for at least a few hours. It's like waking from sleeping way too long and wishing you felt tired so you could keep sleeping.

Had the last cig in my pack yesterday, so I'm not jonesing too bad yet. I've quit before, many times for great lengths. I've even managed to do the "I only smoke when I'm drinking" long-term, so that there was a year or so there where I had like 12 cigarettes total. Last streak ended because I just fucking felt like a cigarette, no cravings...I just wanted to feel cool. Cigarettes are so stupid!