Quit for 7 months and Relapsed 2 months ago (now on hour 36)

(34M) Relapsed for the past two months with chewing tobacco.  I had previously quit (nicotine from vaping) nearly 7 months previously and I thought I was done forever.  I slowly talked myself into using chewing tobacco and for some reason I never once really considered how awful the withdrawal was gonna be.  Previously I had went off with help from Wellbutrin and was extremely committed that I don't remember having overwhelming issues stopping...it was mainly all the mental cravings only.  Now I'm here after two months of regular use and I'm on 36 hours without using... man am I fighting the fog constantly, anxiety and depression are hitting hard even with regularly using CBD (but I will say that CBD is helping tremendously or else I'd be really beating myself up for getting back into this.  I have no cravings for nicotine at all (no issues where you start justifying to yourself why you can have one), I just want all these physical withdrawal symptoms to go away.  It starts this vicious cycle where I feel awful and then I start kicking myself for causing this myself.  I have my wife who is pregnant and excellent support and my 2 year old son who gives me all the motivation I need to quit...plus a little girl due in February.  But, I feel like I'm in this dark place... the anxiety and guilt just wear you down on top of the difficulty concentrating and my body feeling so out of whack.  Not to mention I smoked what I thought was a tiny bit of cannabis via vape and just had one hell of an episode where my heart rate spiked to 148BPM and I know a lot of that was self-induced but I have this PTSD feeling lingering with me today now...but man everything was so off mentally and my heart would just not slow down although it was only 40 mins total episode it felt like forever as I was watching my heart rate continue to creep up with that feeling of "what point do I call 911 or does my heart explode?".  That whole episode plus lack of sleep on top of the withdrawal issues is just casting such a big shadow on me today....Really I just wanted to rant if for no other reason that when I have a bright idea to pick up a cigarette or can of tobacco in the future I have this post to reference for how stupid that is.  9 months ago when I had quit I did not have these bad of issues... I guess wellbutrin really did make a huge difference.

;TLDR; Quit 15 year nicotine habit for 7 months, picked it up again 2 months ago and now going through terrible withdrawal (fogginess, anxiety, depression, self-deprecating thoughts).  On top of this had a horrible episode smoking marijuana (cartridge) last night (148BPM peak heart rate). 

Questions: Anyone else have real adverse effects with marijuana during withdrawal? How do you deal with the depression/anxiety/self-deprecating thoughts during this?