Three weeks completed

I've been using tobacco for five years. Most people here have probably used it for longer, but despite that, nicotine got a real hold on me. I used it constantly and used stronger and stronger tobacco. In the end I ended up putting two snus poaches in my lip at once, even sleeping with it. The addiction grew unpleasant and was in some ways taking over my life. I couldn't do any activities at all without my tobacco. I've been trying to quit several times over two years now.

I'm so proud to have finally gotten to the three weeks mark. This is the longest I've gone without tobacco. The physical addiction is now over and I find it very easy now. I even found it easy after the two week mark. The urges are still there at times, but they are only mental and can easily be put down with simple arguments. "I would be so relaxed with tobacco now". "Nope, I'm more relaxed WITHOUT tobacco". That's it. The urge is gone. 

I never woke up at the three weeks mark feeling "free" from all nicotine addiction. We have to remember that the addiction is also mental, especially for users who have used tobacco for a long time. We have tackled every situation with tobacco. When we're sad or happy, at a funeral or a party, a stressful situation at work and when dealing with anxiety in social situation. When we quit we need to learn how to deal with these situations without our little "crutch". We need to relive all those moments and overcome our triggers one by one. You and I need to learn how to live without tobacco and deal with situations naturally. It takes time. 

I can now be stressed, drive a car and be in a social situation without my tobacco. I have also gotten over the worse one which is alcohol, even rejecting tobacco while being hammered. The thought of me addicted to nicotine and trying to quit again is depressing. I will never again go down that road. I still have triggers and situations where I crave for tobacco, but each time I do that activity or activate that trigger without taking tobacco, it gets weaker and weaker. 

The only thing I'm struggling with now is sleep. And it's getting pretty bad. I go out of bed at 6 am every morning feeling tired from the moment I wake and the rest of the day. Immediately when my head hits the pillow at the evening I get 100% awake. It's absolutely stupid that my body is crawing for sleep the whole day and when it finally gets the chance to sleep it just says fuck you. When I'm finally able to sleep after a couple of hours, I wake up repeatedly during the night. It's kinda pissing me off. Guess I'm gonna have to take some magnesium again. Helped me before. Hopefully my sleep will go back to normal soon.

Cheers and keep pushing trough the crawings!