Back to old habits

One week off, one week with snus (another form for tobacco). I have done this for 2-3 months now. But I always go back to the stupid habit of using snus. But for every time I try to quit I feel stronger and I know how to deal with the withdrawals better. Even though you try to stop quitting and then loose to the nicotine crawing I would not take it as a loss. It might make you less motivated and you feel trapped. But it gets easier for every time you try. And you know how to handle it better. A failed attempt at quitting can both be a loss and a win at the same time. I feel like this is gonna be my last box of snus. I will reset my badge when I try to stop quitting again, and I feel confident now.

Anyways, I'm going to the norwegian army at the end of January. You might not know this, but tobacco in the army is really common. At least here in Norway, but dipping seems fairly common in the US army as well. It will of course be harder to stay clean of tobacco when everyone around you use it. I think I will be able to say no if I get offered snus, but you never know. I might go back to snus in periods I'm feeling low. Hopefully that's not gonna happen. 

I really need to train more before going into the army. I'm in fairly good shape and snus does not at all have the same impact on physical endurance like smoking does. But with me trying to quit all the time I feel my body is weak. I'm shaking when doing a push up, and I feel like my training sessions are of a low quality. Do any of you guys have the same problem when trying to quit? And do you have any tips revolving around this? Let's say I can do 10 push ups when trying to quit. When I use snus I can take 20 push ups. That's the impact it has on me. I'm not saying snus in any way will boost your physical performance, but when trying to quit with snus it will decrease physical performance. So I'm really scared because of that. I need good quality training sessions right now. Not the other way around. At the most I've been off snus for 11 days and the poor physical performance still has not gone. And with limited time this might be catastrophic.  

Anyways, thanks for reading and thanks for the advice you might come with :)

Edit: 

I will also note that I know all the reasons for using tobacco is just illusions. I've watched Allen Carr's easy way to stop smoking and I've read several books. I know using tobacco is just silly. It's time for me to stop.
