Relapse didn't reset cravings? &amp; a short story about my quitting journey

Bit of background: I started smoking on nights out. In the beginning I would actually throw away the tabs I hadn't smoked (usually half the pack of 10, back then). Cut to the chase I started smoking about 5 a day, a lot more on nights out drinking.

It's been a few months or so now since I quit, I stopped counting the days a while ago. It was hard, damn hard. I have an issue with my jaw which means chewing gum isn't really an option as it just aches my jaw. I didn't want to wear patches in case anyone noticed them, only a few people in my life actually knew I was smoking. So I ended up doing it cold turkey. I read somewhere a while ago that going to a sauna can help sweat out the nicotine so I just had several hot showers the first few days to try and speed this along.

I can live with myself if I have a few tabs on a night out, honestly that wouldn't bother me, but I wanted to do it without for at least a bit because I know that the temptation to smoke them all, especially when drinking would be too much.

**The relapse.** I was doing so well, despite the temptation to follow someone up the street who was smoking. I had resisted multiple temptations to buy a pack of tabs, until I went to a weekend event wearing a jacket I hadn't in a while and low and behold there was half a pack of tabs and a lighter in the pocket. This was just too much for me, having them there and while I know I should have binned them or given them too a friend, I smoked them that night.

I still haven't been tempted to buy a new pack, and it doesn't feel like the cravings have reset, if that makes sense. It doesn't even feel like I smoked if I'll be honest, craving wise? Not sure if I just got lucky there. I think I'm back on day 4 right now and just wanted to share my story.

I have recently been talking to a very nice girl after being single for a while, and she doesn't like smoking and honestly I have no want to get back to smoking.

Thanks for listening, not much of a conclusion to the story, hopefully it helps someone else, idk.

&amp;#x200B;