10 days short of a year smokefree

Here I am. 10 Days short of one year smoke free. I should be proud of myself. Shouldn't I? After 30 years of smoking, most of the times two packages a day, I quit 355 days ago. And for all you starters out there: IT WILL GET EASIER! 

I've cried, I've yelled, I've been depressed, I've been angry and moody. But at the end, it only took 4 hard weeks. After that, it was all mental. The triggers are there: my first holiday without cigarettes. The first time reading a book without a cigarette, hitting a bar without one. The Friday night after a long hard week, relaxing in the garden with some friends. And a nice wine. Without a cigarette. Sure I kept dreaming I was smoking. Sure I gained some weight (pro tip: take up running!). But it really took just about 4 weeks of hard work and resisting that first one. That's all there was to it. 

I really AM proud of quitting. And somehow in the last couple of months I couldn't even imagine I ever HAD been smoking. But the last week has been a drag. I noticed I really, really am thinking about cigarettes. Even though I now hate the smell of them (weird, isn't it?!) even though I know I won't like the taste of them, I really got tempted to ask one of a co worker. No I did not. And no I will not. But the urge is bothering me. Why, after a year is it harder, not easier? Is this also purely mental? It can't be my body asking for nicotine, so it's all in the head, right? Is it because a holiday is coming up? I've booked no smoking accommodations, I shouldn't be tempted at all. 

I KNOW I would hate myself for even trying one puff. Not because I could get hooked again (which I obviously would) but because I hate the taste and the smell. AAaaaargh.... this too shall pass.........But the lesson here for me is this: even though I'm proud of myself for having quit, even though I know I'm through with the cigarette, it still can creep up at you sometimes. When you least expect it. Aproaching a year celebration for instance. So never, ever, get over confident. Always be vigilant for that one moment that you're ALMOST weak. And keep on quitting! 