Does NRT help or postpone?

After smoking for 34 years with only the briefest of quit periods I decided that this time I am not F\*ing around - I mean to stop smoking.  Since I've worked in the land of the Fortune 50, I have had to use nicotine lozenges to get through long meetings and long flights, etc., so they're my crutch of choice and they keep the monkey off my back pretty well.  

I had my last cigarette on June 17th and started on the lozenges (4mg) one every two to three hours - a little less frequently than the instructions call for.  The first week wasn't too bad, but the second week was brutal, particularly for two days there I didn't think I was going to make it.  I persisted and remained smoke free.

I noticed some blood while brushing my teeth starting the end of week 1.  Not much at first, but more every day.  By the end of my second week it was awful and my tongue is feeling (I know this is weird, not sure how else to describe it) sort of sunburned.  Obviously the lozenges are the big change and responsible for the mouth issues.  I am probably (without realizing it) trying to dissolve them faster for a better hit of nicotine; I am not blaming the lozenge manufacturer for this issue, though I have read that others have experienced similar side effects.

I had to stop using the lozenges because my gums were in pretty bad shape.  Unfortunately, I made this decision on the morning of a big job interview for a position that I had been really keen on.  Halfway through the interview the "dark fog" of true nicotine withdrawal descended over me.  Suddenly, I couldn't care less about the job and really didn't appreciate the process taking so long  - I wanted nicotine, that was the only thing I cared about or had a thought for.  These feelings were so strong that when the never-ending interview finally concluded I practically ran to my car where I had my spare lozenges and took one - gums be damned, just to make me function well enough to drive home.

When I got home I threw away all of the lozenges and vowed to never touch them again.  In a few hours I was back in category five full on withdrawal.  Really awful withdrawal, the kind where you can think of absolutely nothing but how damned bad it is and how it will probably never end and how relief is just a short walk to the 7-11 up the street.  I locked myself in my house, told my family to stay away and tried toughing it out.  I made it to bedtime, then through the night.  In the morning I was beside myself, at wits end and resigned to go buy a pack of smokes and never repeat this folly of trying to quit again.  The thought of trying to conduct my life for four or five months under this black fog is terrifying.

Instead I remembered that I had years ago bought a vape pen, tried it a few times and put it away somewhere.  I found the pen charged it for a few minutes puffed deeply and had that absolutely wonderful / horrible lightheadedness that is the loving embrace of nicotine after a respite.  

Now that I am loaded up with nicotine and I can think straight again I feel betrayed and pretty damned angry with the NRT proponents.  For all of the pain I put myself through foregoing cigarettes and the pride I had in enduring this pain so long as I was taking nicotine I was still a junkie and made not a single iota of progress towards removing it from my life.  Now I'll grant that I was made healthier and no longer had tar to deal with as with smoking, but I just do not see how NRT is any help at all.  While on the lozenges I was watching the clock and couldn't wait until my next "hit".  

The instructions call for tapering down your nicotine level and time between each one, but really isn't that the same as cutting back on cigarettes?  Aren't you just torturing yourself by putting yourself in a constant state of withdrawal and ultimately prolonging your agony?

I am pretty desperate now, I loathe smoking and it would be a huge psychological blow to me to go back to smoking or even to resign myself to vaping for the rest of my life. Please, someone who has been through this tell me that I'm wrong and that NRT is helpful afterall and that it really is possible to taper off of it without going through full withdrawal.  

FWIW I have tried the gum (hate it - it burns my mouth) and the patch had absolutely zero impact on withdrawal. Chantix makes me vomit and the older antidepressant made me suicidal when I tried it years ago.