Help!!! I am on the way to becoming an occasional smoker!!!!

July 31 2017.

Nightclub. Drunk. Was offered a fag. And I took it. 12:45am, July 31 2017, I lost my purity.

I was always anti-smoking. I hated being around smokers, I hated seeing smoking, I hated the smell of smoke, I hated people who smoked, I hated everything regarding smoking. Being stuck behind a smoker when walking somewhere was the absolute bane of my existence. Smokers were sub-human to me. When I found out a friend was secretly smoking, it almost ended our friendship, but she quit soon after.

At least, this was my attitude two years ago. Things started to change as I got a bit older, and although I was still anti-smoking, I wasn't vehement against it.

Add a few more months of growing and quite a bit of Jack Daniel's at a nightclub, and there went my purity.

I didn't touch the cancer sticks for another 2 months, until I met this girl. I was almost instantly smitten. But I then found out she's an occasional smoker. I didn't like that. Next thing I knew, almost due to peer-pressure, I smoked cigarette number two with her at a nightclub.

Since then I've had three more cigarettes with her, and I've been drunk or tipsy each time. But I don't like this at all. I feel I'M becoming an occasional smoker myself. Cigarettes 2-5 were all smoked in the space of a month, all with this girl.

I feel I'm somehow letting her drag me down with her. And the worst part? Cigarettes 2, 3 and 4 were all very close together (all within about 10 days). And the day after cigarette 4, I thought I had a fucking craving. My mouth somehow tasted it again, and I thought I smelt it again. Even though it made my eyes burn to death and was horrible.

I had my 5th lifetime cigarette three days ago, after 3 weeks of not smoking. And the day after, again, I woke up and thought my bedsheets smelt of it, and I had another micro-craving. 

HELP!!!

TL;DR - Lost my purity at a nightclub, but then didn't smoke for 2 months. Met girl, smitten almost instantly, had four smokes with her in a month, got two micro-cravings, am afraid I'm going to become a smoker.