My... unorthodox story of quitting, for those open to alternative methods of cessation.

I wanted to share my story on quitting smoking with you guys, and what steps I took to help quit.

I'm 23 now, so I'm pretty much a spring chicken lol. I started smoking when I was 9 (don't ask), and was a daily smoker from 11 until I turned 21. Was surrounded by smokers at work, at home, and people I had friendships and relationships with. It seemed so normal to just wake up, smoke a cig, and continue with my day, with intermediate cigarettes on smoke breaks to help calm the nerves during the insane times. I remember like it was yesterday, the days where I'd quote "I can't make it through the day without a cig", and for the most part I was right. But there was something that seemed off about that daily process to be honest. Why do I need a cig to exist, to have a lasting relationship with someone, and to do my tasks in school and at work?

So 2 years ago this April, I made the decision that I needed to quit the stink sticks for both my physical and mental health. As of today, I can confidently say that I have no inhibitions towards picking up another cigarette ever again, and it's to the point where it really has no effect on me when I'm around another smoker and I encounter the smell. "Cold turkey", you would say. But there's a reason why I put that phrase in quotes.

Because I took shrooms to help me quit.

For those that are unaware, there were a [couple](http://time.com/3399433/quit-smoking-psychedelic-drugs-acid-test/) of [studies](http://hub.jhu.edu/2014/09/11/magic-mushrooms-smoking/) published 2-3 years ago that had volunteers who were long time smokers ingest psilocybin, and they recorded the effects on the cessation of smoking that the chemical provided. The numbers I read were just too convincing. A roughly 35% success rate of Chantix, the highest success rate of a legal drug, versus a roughly 80% success rate of psilocybin? That wasn't even a debate to me. I knew where to get them, and from prior experiences and the studies I read I knew how to pace them. So it was a matter of trusting some shit I read on the internet to change a hugely important part of my life at this point.

From what I read, I just needed to pace taking a little over a gram of shrooms over a course of a 3 day period. Nothing that would cause a "trip" per se, but something that I would definitely notice was different for sure. So I got an 1/8 for a weekend, and started my journey. 1.2 on Friday, 1.2 on Saturday, and 1.2 on Sunday (I got a little bit over the 1/8). Each day I told myself vehemently to NOT buy another pack of cigarettes, to NOT think about smoking, and to preoccupy my thinking with the fact that what I was doing WILL work. It sounds really self-righteous, but honestly... it worked.

I can't exactly say that it was the shrooms themselves that eliminated the morning and daily cravings for smoking. But after the 3rd day hit, I just didn't have any inhibition to continue smoking anymore. I have a feeling that the method of ingestion and the pacing I took helped without a doubt too. My friend told me it was all my in head for the longest time, and he may have been right. There were nights where I would literally dream of smoking the longest lasting cigarettes, the tastiest cigarettes, the smoothest cigarettes etc. It dominated my subconscious for a while, but soon as I was aware of where I was when I awoke, the craving was gone.

The typical quitting symptoms came afterwards. Little bit of irritability, weight gain, heightened anxiety, etc. That was expected to me. Hell, I work in a tax software company helping idiots with taxes, don't really think I'd ever avoid those quitting symptoms tbh. But I never had that craving come back. 2 years later, as I type this out to you guys, I'm still going strong. Of course realistically, there's always that risk that something will just tick in me that'll tell me "just go buy a pack of cigs it'll be ok". But honestly? I don't ever feel that craving. There was a couple times before I quit where I was without a cigarette for just 2 days and I felt like I was dying, so for me to just up and not depend on them anymore? It felt like a miracle.

The point of my post? I want to share my story to show a bit of an unconventional standpoint when it comes to quitting smoking. Please, do what you can within your legal and societal means to quit, and I absolutely encourage you to continue that path! And I don't mean to advocate just trying a bunch of illegal shit and placing yourself in jeopardy. But for those that look for a way out, for those that thought they've tried everything, and I mean EVERYTHING, maybe there's just one more solution to try that can work for you.

I hope my post helps for you guys. Keep going strong, I know that you all can do it!



TL;DR: I was a daily smoker for 10 years, quit smoking with shrooms, and 2 years later I feel better than ever.