There's a lot of talk about vaporizers here. I thought it may be helpful to post the method I used to kick the habit with their help.

5 week quit smoking method using a vaporizer.

This is the method I used to ease myself off of cigarettes and finally away from nicotine. There's lots of fun to be had with the vapor hobby, but I'll assume you want to take the cheapest and most effective route possible which also helps me keep this tutorial as short and to the point as I can.

First item, the setup. Vapor stores are popping up everywhere. You should have one near you so I'll avoid posting links to online stores. This also benefits my purposes by avoiding the need to explain all the processes that go into vaping

Simplest setup I'd recommend would be; battery, tank, atomized cartridges, tip, and of course juice.

Battery. The eGo-c is great. It should cost you about $15 and will last through this quit method and beyond.

Tank. You want a basic 5ml tank. Check your local supply and just get the cheapest they have available, it should be around $20. One exception is if you choose a tank killer flavored juice, but we'll get into that later.

Atomized cartridges. These are a pretty basic semi-disposable portion of this setup. They cost around $1.50 a piece and are generally sold in 5 packs. There are methods of restoring burnt cartridges by boiling and baking them, but they're such a low cost item and the restoration can be hit or miss so I'd suggest just rotating new and tossing the old.

Tip, or drip tip. These can be very basic to extremely decorative. Just go for the cheapest for about $2.

Juice. Probably the most important piece of the entire setup a 10ml will cost around $6, and this method uses that 10ml size so just grab that if they offer it in different quantities. This is what you will taste instead of cigarettes, so make it something you'll really enjoy. Think candy. What's the one thing your sweet tooth can't resist? That flavor it probably available, my personal favorite is rootbeer. Avoid flavors based on different alcohols, most will smell just like it and leave a bit of the smell on your breath. Now back to the tank issue. There are flavors known as “tank killers” these are high acidic flavors such like cinnamon and citrus based flavors. If you absolutely must have on of these flavors than you need to upgrade your tank to pyrex at an additional cost of around $15. These juices come in a variety of different strengths usually based on counting by 6mg or 0.6% going up to 24mg or 2.4%. Avoid higher if they offer it unless it's absolutely necessary, once I get into the method you'll see how simple it is and you'll be able to adapt it as needed, but I liked to think of it as my first hurdle.

So there's your setup. $50 and you're on your way to kicking your habit. And if you think about it you could buy this entire setup every week and be ahead of what you spend on cigarettes. Now it's very important to talk to the people at the shop. Ask them to explain everything you need to know to work your new device. And if you need any additional advice the people over at /r/electronic_cigarette/ are very helpful.

You've got everything you need. Now what? Well this is where your first possible variation of the 5 week course will come. You need to get used to vaping instead of smoking. It's a very different feelind despite all of the similarities. You will not get the same feeling and you've still got to kick your habits that have nothing to do with nicotine addiction. You have a special way of pulling out your pack, picking a cigarette, shoving it in your mouth and lighting it. This is going to be replaced by grabbing a stick and pressing a button. It may sound weird, but you'll miss it and even though you're getting your nicotine you'll feel out of place without your ritual. Get used to vaping, vape as much as you want whenever you need or want it, but when you can grab your vaporizer instead of debating in your head to drive to 7-11 and grabbing a prime time for “just this once” you're past the first hurdle finish off this bottle and get ready to start controlling your nicotine levels and breaking the habit.

Start at the top with a new bottle of 24mg/2.4% and do everything you've been doing, but now you have a daily allowance of juice. Fill your tank ¼ of the way full and don't let yourself go over get to know how much you can vape and how often through the day. If you stick to this a bottle of juice should last you a week.

When you finish the bottle go buy a new one at the next lowest strength and switch out your cartomizer while you're at it, but keep your allowance and rituals you've developed over the previous week the same. Continue to do this with each new bottle getting progressively lower nicotine levels til you're at the glorious 0%. I can't help but think it would be better if you weren't aware of the switch, but that's impossible without outside help and constant suspicion.

At this point it's pretty smooth sailing. You may even tell yourself “Why am I still vaping? It's absolutely pointless now.” Well yes and no. You're not feeding the addiction any longer, but you're feeding your habits and rituals which do have a positive effect on calming the addiction and keeping it at bay. At some magical point your addiction will stop triggering the ritual. You'll realize you haven't touched your vaporizer all day or even longer. At that point you're free. Go enjoy life without the need to drag along some silly chemical.

I hope that this method works for people considering using vaporizers to quit smoking, and if it doesn't there's 99 other different methods to quit. Don't get discouraged and keep trying them til you make it.