I found an easy way to quit and wanted to share.

2 years ago I quit cold turkey and I'm hoping sharing my story will help anyone that's struggling to quit. 


I started smoking when I was 16 and in the 30 years after I had never tried to quit even once. So this was my first try and I was determined to make it the only time I would have to try. But wow was I shocked at how easy it was. I have terrible will power and always figured I would fail so I didn't even bother to try. If I had known what that first week would be like though, I would have tried to quit years earlier. 

Now, I didn't think it would be easy back on that first day or anything. I was going to go cold turkey and had no plan other than stop smoking. For the few days before I tried to think of nothing else but my oncoming  battle. I drove all other thoughts out of my mine and focused solely on quitting smoking. I was determined that I was going to quit, no way was I going to ever go through this again. It would be hard for me, hard for my family (as I have heard it can be pretty hard on family and friends) but I was going to do it! Do or die as they say.

Then the day arrived. I can still remember exactly when I had my last smoke, at 6:15am May 10th 2017, right before my parent's picked me up to drive us to the hospital. I even joked about it being my last smoke one way or the other repeatedly that morning with my parents, and with just about every nurse we saw that morning. I probably overdid the jokes but my parent's are used to my gallows humor so they tolerated it, the nurse likely attributed it to nervousness and didn't seem to mind. 

But then suddenly quitting smoking became easy. 

Ok ok, I guess calling the very first part easy is a bit cheating since I wasn't thinking much at all while I was unconscious during the open heart surgery. But after that, it was shocking how little I thought about smoking. Didn't even crack one joke the rest of that day, that's how little I thought about it. (Gotta admit though it's hard to tell jokes while your intubated). I wish I could say that first day flew by but the pain, loud machines and constant attention from ICU nurses kept me super distracted but I made it though my first day of quitting like a champ. 

First day is always the worst they say, and after that big hurtle was past the next few days were a breeze. Being distracted was key. I focused on things like visits from family and friends, the intense pain in my chest, struggling to sleep with all the noise and lights, the effort to sit up to eat, the stubborn nurses making me get up to walk every couple hours to walk the halls and even the people watching of all the other heart surgery patients walking the halls when their stubborn nurses made them get up too. But before I knew it I had gone 4 days without a cigarette, the longest I had ever gone! Can't say I was proud I had gotten myself into this mess but I was super happy I had made it that long so far from that first day of quitting. 

But then it was time to go home. Here is where one might think it got harder, what with getting out of the hospital and away from their annoying non-smoking rules but again I was amazed with how being distracted made quitting a breeze. To be fair it did help that I couldn't barely move due to the pain, let alone drive to the store to buy any. And asking friends or family to drive me to the store to buy any was out of the question, considering how imposed they had already been for weeks, from that first 3am rush to the ER when I had my heart attack and daily trips to the hospital while I recovered to doing it all again the week later for my bypass surgery followed by taking care of me for a month after. That plus some minor bit about them not wanting me to smoke anymore and not survive another heart attack made it best to not ask for a ride to the store to buy a pack. But I never even got tempted to ask due to all the distractions so that was a plus. 

And before I knew it a month had passed and I realized I had done it! I had quit smoking! 


If I had only known having a major heart attack due to smoking for 30 years, open heart bypass surgery and the most painful recovery I ever experienced, would make quitting so easy I would have tried to quit years ago. And I even got my own personal trophy of a 6 inch scar down my chest which is also a permanent reminder of the whole ordeal and how damn lucky I was (my uncle wasn't so lucky, 10 years older than me and died from his heart attack 2 months before mine)

Here I am 2 years later and have not had a single cigarette since. I do get a craving now and then but it passes pretty quickly. All in all, having a heart attack at 46 made quitting smoking a piece of cake. *I did mention gallows humor*

So that was my easy way to quit. I know it won't be this easy for everyone but I hope my tale helps motivate anyone that's having a hard time.