Willpower is a muscle - My suggestions to lurkers after a year of not smoking.

Missed my tar free cake day! Oops. But hey I quite late on July 8 of 2012, so I should have another 12 hours still.

But I don't need to celebrate and fish for upvotes with my number. This year has been my celebration! Instead, I'd like to attempt to help some of the lurkers out there who maybe lack the confidence to quit or have tried and failed, or are just unsure if they even want to try.

I remember having this feeling of wanting to quit but I, as a hopeless addict, would use any excuse I could think of. It gets pretty crazy right, kind of pathetic? I'm sure I'm not the only one who has had the thought of "I don't even want to live too long" or "who wants to be a 70 year old?"


What!?

Holy #%@.


I wasn't suicidal when I had these thoughts, but, quite frankly, I can admit my self esteem was a bit lower. Was the addiction that strong?

Well I could at this point write a book's worth of nonsense but I'll keep this as short as I can to get closer to the scope of the reddit attention span. The point I wanna get at is **work ok self**. In the last year, and not just from quitting, I have learned that will power is a muscle, because it can be trained. You can convince yourself to do just a little bit better every day, maybe you think you can't, but you can. 

Maybe you won't quit smoking this week but you can start working out. When you get over the fact that your workout made you sore you can push yourself a bit further. Maybe you want to practice your guitar a little more, you can quit smoking later but it sure would be cool if you finally learned that solo you love so much. What about that book? What was it called again? You should read it finally. Maybe you wanted to quit drinking caffeine, that's a lot easier than quitting smoking. Maybe you play too much video games. Or maybe you want to get better at video games! Take the small steps to your goals. Bulid confidence, [get diciplined](http://www.reddit.com/r/getdisciplined), [get motivated](http://www.reddit.com/r/getmotivated).

Don't get me wrong. In my opinion, smoking is more important than any of those issues and should realistically be the most important goal. However, realistically, it's not always as easy, and making these small improvements may be the missing puzzle piece of your motivation.

So that's my advice after a year of not smoking. There's plenty of useful tips in this subreddit. Find your triggers. Post anti-smoking ads on your fridge. Carry tic-tacs. Read Allen Carr's book. Blah blah. I wanted to go a different route here because in my experience, this advice worked wonders for me. But it doesn't work if you don't trust yourself. So trust yourself, or learn how to if you don't already. Be content with your ability to take small steps to better your life and you will build that trust. Willpower is a muscle.