Missed my 2 month mark, here I am at 73 days. My Quit for Newbies

Thanks everyone on this sub. It has been one of the major tools in helping me quit. This is in fact the first time I can honestly say "I've quit" and really not be scared of saying it. 

To everyone starting out; please stick with it, you can do it!

I know I haven’t quit for a year yet, but I’m extremely confident in where I am now. So, here’s my own rambling crap about quitting or newbies:
1. Read this sub. Many, many people helped me here through that first 2 months. Most of the advice was spot on, I learned the symptoms I would experience, what to expect days and even weeks in advance.

2. The first 3 days are the worst, (for some people the first 4). I’m not saying the next 3 or 4 are drastically different, but things get just a little bit better – enough for a little breather. In the first few days, just keep telling yourself “wait for day 4”, things will get easier. BTW: Some people, (like me), find the first day easy, don’t be misled. Day 2 will hit you like a freight train so brace yourself.
1.	Psychological cravings start immediately after the physical addition is broken, (first 3 or 4 days). These are very tiring, depressing, and of course make you angry and aggressive. They are a constant barrage that drive you mad to the point where you start posting here “When do the cravings stop!!!”. Some cravings will immediately start to get better; by day 6 you’ll feel so much different. However, you’re not really going to feel significantly better until after 10 days. At 10 days, things really start to accelerate. You feel noticeably better each day, the cravings will be easier to handle and less frequent in occurrence. They will remain annoying and make you gumpy however until around week 3. After day 20 you’ll be at expert craving handling level and they won’t annoy you, they’ll only be happening 4-6 times a day. After 1 month, I was only having cravings around twice a day.
2.	I can’t stress this enough – DON’T AVOIDE YOUR REGULAR ACTIVITIES. Some people try and avoid their old “trigger” situations and so avoid their cravings. Don’t do this, you’re just putting off your cravings until those situations inevitably come up. This doesn’t mean going to smoke-breaks every hour with your buddies at work. But I had a terrible craving when drinking my first coffee of the day. Some people avoid coffee in the morning in this situation. I pushed through, put up with the craving and it eventually went away. The key is to learn how to live your live again without nicotine. You can do it!
3.	When a craving hits just keep telling yourself, “This will continue no matter what I do. It will last 2 minutes, then go completely. All I have to do is wait”. Someone here told me that one, and it really works, because it’s so true. Some other ones to remember when you really want to smoke during a craving, “No-one ever died from not smoking”, and “If I smoke now I will feel worse, not better”.
4.	My personal conviction, I’m not saying this is right for you but I quit cold turkey. It’s tough, and more painful, but it’s shorter and less complicated. When you pull off a Band-Aid do you do it slowly over a few hours so it’s painless? Or do you just rip it off as fast as you can and deal with the pain all at once? I wanted all of the pain all at once and be done with it. I also believe, NRT like gum, vape, patch etc. may be healthier than cigarettes, but it’s not cigarettes you’re addicted to; it’s nicotine.
5.	If you drink, say you go out with friends etc. I would avoid doing this for the first week, (or even two). This is the only thing I would suggest avoiding. Alcohol is a really tough one. For many people it has a big association with smoking. If you read the sub you’ll find lots of people who started smoking again because of their first drink after giving up. So the first time you try alcohol, take it easy and be very conscious that you’ll have strong cravings. I did. Also note, that as this is my main profile I can’t be specific but this applies to other substances too, especially those you might enjoy in a social setting.
