Day 4, exactly half way through: How I didn't kill anyone.

Hi guys, I sent my first post day 3 yesterday at this time. The reaction was great it was a cathartic experience for me, so I'm doing again. I also have a vain hope if I do this for a few days it might help others in someway?

So day 2 was burning hot hell. Day 3 was searing hot hell with your eyes taped open watching dance moms all day. Day 4, as some people have said, has been a small relief. Not huge, but enough to catch a breath, and see a sliver of light.

Yesterday the cravings were almost constant, it seemed I thought about smoking all day, every minute. The cravings felt like they came every 5 minutes. I couldn't think straight, I couldn't breath almost. It was exhausting. This morning I woke up and had a massive craving when I made my first coffee of the day. I'm learning this is a bad trigger for me. However, after that I noticed the cravings were a little further apart and a tiny bit less intense. It has been a small change, but just enough to get a breath in. After yesterday, speaking relatively, it's like a day off.

Early afternoon, something wonderful happened. I actually had a period of about 20 minutes where I didn't think about smoking, or have a craving at all. When I looked at the clock and realized it felt good! It was really the first glimmer of hope that things will change.

Around 4pm something horrible happened, I had a cluster-fuck of cravings for about 20 minutes. I kind of had a panic attack; much worse than anything yesterday. I think I let things get out of control for a moment and I became really scared. It hit me that I wouldn't be smoking ever again and I think my brain flipped out.

Dear Diary, as you know I work closely with 2 other people during the day and I didn't kill them. Oh believe me, they deserved it. One of them  had the audacity to be upset that I didn't want to go to lunch today. Quickly glancing around my desk it became crystal clear that I could deftly take out his left eyeball with my pen, and thrust it deep into his frontal lobe killing him instantly. A similar incident ensued with my other colleague shortly afterwards where she "talked" to me. I never knew before I had so many viscous weapons readily on hand at my desk. I hope that tomorrow the "killing thoughts" will be less gruesome. I may finally be losing it. 