But then again (personal rant)

Hey guys. I see a lot of posts with new people quitting. 
 
 
It's probably getting a little old for some of you; some may be happy to see so many attempt to rid themselves of this habit / addiction; for others it might just be a very personal move; so personal, in fact, that they keep it to themselves until they feel they can't do it alone anymore.
 
 
I fell in the latter category. 3 days ago I made my first real attempt at quitting after some 6 years of smoking (that's not a lot for some of you in here, but enough for a young man to measure against his life-time). It was the most surreal thing I've attempted in a very long time. 
 
 
To keep it short, I cracked down last night and bought a pack. It was the usual "Stuff seems to pile up, I can't handle this anymore, I'm not ready".
 
 
Mind you, the 3-4 days I didn't smoke came with all the perks: Taking breaks and not knowing what to do, getting angry or frustrated and forcing myself to get through it all, a full night of drinking with smoker friends that I managed to power through. Those few days felt like weeks, with a constant struggle in the back of my head, reason over cravings, a complete haze.
 
 
Well, I smoked the whole thing in about 5 hours and it gave me nothing in return. It wasn't relief, there was no relaxation, no cure for my problems, no ease for my thoughts. There was only a moment of failure and a bad taste in my mouth.
 
 
It was exactly what I needed. A moment of complete and utter desperation. It left such a real impression that I actually understood how fucked up this whole thing is: trying to shed a habit I've been growing and nurturing for 6 years in a couple of days and failing to do so makes perfect sense. But then again, when did I decide that it was okay not to be in control of my own body?
 
 
I've reset the clock. I'm done. Smoking doesn't deserve my cravings and it took rock bottom to figure that out.


**TL;DR - Personal rant about my attempt at quitting.**