I'm not as strong as I thought I was, Cold turkey failed, looking for help.

Hmm, well.  first post, blah blah blah....  
  
Here's the deal.  I've been a smoker for about 7 years and I want to quit.  I initially started out smoking Clove cigarettes until the ban and after that the manufacturers changed the formula so that they were so strong I couldn't smoke them and switched to Marlboro Lights 100's and have been smoking those ever since.   
  
My most common trigger for smoking is stress.  My job is very stressful and triggers me to take three breaks (10am, noon, 3pm) with a smoke in my morning and evening commutes. I smoke a couple in the evening before I go to sleep which puts my total daily usage somewhere between 7 and 10 cigarettes a day and it's been that way for as far back as I can remember.  
  
I'm not a heavy smoker (less than one pack a day at historical worst) which is aggravating because I don't fall within any of the "steps" for most of the stop smoking products but after this latest experiment, I know I can't do it just on willpower alone.

My experiment this morning showed how addicted I am and legitimately scared me.  The goal was to determine how long I could go without smoking a cigarette to determine how addicted I was. I smoked a cigarette just before I went to bed last night.  When I woke up this morning, I did not smoke on my morning commute and was in a fog all morning.  I started having tunnel vision, feeling like I was hung over and was irritable up until I couldn't take it anymore and broke down at about noon and went and got a pack of cigarettes.  I smoked two cigarettes and the symptoms went away.  This really rattled me because it showed me that I really am addicted to smoking and it's pretty bad.  
  
I need any suggestions you may have to move towards quitting smoking.  I can't do it cold turkey (as demonstrated) so I need help looking for a taper-down approach.  Previous attempts have failed due to unrelated stresses that have caused similar breakdowns and back to smoking.  
  
Any assistance is appreciated.  Thank you.

