My champix journey

So I'm a 55 year old female and I've smoked heavily (20+ a day) since I was about 18.  

I've tried numerous times to give up using all sorts of methods.  The longest I haven't smoked since I was about 18 is a few months or so.  I've tried cold turkey and I've tried patches and gum and every other sort of shit.  Probably the best success I had was with patches.  But no matter what method I've tried I've gone back to smoking.

So I decided to try champix.  I started it 2 weeks ago.

From the first day it has an effect and you have a cigarette and it feels like that sensation when you smoke too many cigarettes because you're hanging around socially with a bunch of smokers and you match them smoke for smoke and you all smoke too much.  So you light the cigarette and you go, ugh, I don't need that, why did I even light that?

Basically it blocks your nicotine receptors so you smoke a cigarette and get absolutely no relief from the nicotine addiction at all.  And then you go you through nicotine withdrawal.  

It's basically the equivalent of going cold turkey because your brain can't get the nicotine fix and smoking becomes a very unsatisfying activity because you get no nicotine hit.

So the first 3-5 days you behave like someone who has gone cold turkey on nicotine even though you're still smoking.  So, you know, wanting to kill someone because they're dilly-dallying in the express checkout at the supermarket.  Wanting to destroy your coffee maker because you want coffee NOW.

However by about day 5 you do have the magical experience of waking up and not having a real nicotine craving.  And the cigarettes are becoming less and less satisfying so you're smoking them less and wondering why you're smoking them at all.

So I'm smoking less and less and having the typical reward cigarettes.  The first one of the day, the one after I've eaten, the one after I've had a couple of drinks, the one before I go to bed.  So my smoking is down to about 5-6 a day.

But at the end of week 2 of taking champix you have to resolve to quit and stop smoking.  So that's my day today.  I finished my last packet yesterday.  I am not going to buy another packet because I know I'll just smoke them.  I am desperately fighting the "just one" impulse.

I don't want a nicotine hit.  But I want a cigarette.  I want to inhale smoke, I want to engage in the ritual.  It's been a pretty shitty day of being preoccupied with smoking but I'm determined that I'm not going to have "just one" because I know what that leads to.

I wouldn't recommend champix to everyone.  I had a friend who took it and succeeded in stopping smoking but he had very bad side effects (which, all things considered, probably weren't as bad as continuing to smoke).  But at my age I'm desperate and I know I need to stop smoking because it's really affecting my health.

Wish me luck.  I've been reading everyone else's posts and they've been really helpful to get over feeling goddamn sorry for myself (boo hoo, I can't smoke - get real, I'm not being deprived of anything here).