How easy it was for me. Day 87

Hello, i quit smoking on New Years. January 1st. I am 18 years old, i have not had ONE craving ever since. How? So simple. Well first i would like to tell you that i have tried quitting smoking hundreds of times. You might think i am not that addicted, haha i would walk at 1 am at night sneak out to ask people for cigarettes yes. Pick them up from the floor even. 
How did i quit? This time it worked so easy because my mentor J.Cole told me 2 weeks before New Years eve "you can do anything you set your mind to man, dont ever let anybody tell you anything, go get your dreams man" It hit me, i then decided ill smoke till New years and quit so i can chase on perfecting my craft with a clear, addicted free strong mind. I havent had ONE craving yet, why? because just of those words.. my mind wants success more than fake dopamine levels and addiction. Feels like i can do anything now. Its so easy.. just find your purpose. I promised myself not to smoke till end of december, yes i said that because i want to take a pit stop on my way to my dreams.. but really once you go through 2-4 months, you start thinking that "i wont ever need a cigarettes, theyre nasty" it will go as smooth as better. Each time you smell a cigarette "i got this, ive came this far" I have such a clear mind. Im sorry im not the best at given speeches but this is from my heart to help you all because i used to be that kid waiting for my parents to sleep so i can sneak out pick up cigarettes from the floor at night and now i am going 87 days without any craving because your mind is such a powerful thing.. you can do anything you set your mind to. Thanks reddit. 
*******God has made everyone equal, my willpower is not "stronger"its just that im using my willpower while the other individual is not using it. Your mind is that powerful that ive been smoking since 13 and i quit with those words and the PASSION to chase my dreams that ive come this far. I have dreams of smoking at times too, i get scared "i relapsed!!!" but then i wake up and say "oh yes!! it was just a dream" GOODLUCK.***********