Ok people, I need help finding the right e-cig for me....after days of research, I'm ready to make the jump but still have SO many questions!

Been a smoker for a bout 5-7 years, i've stopped on and off for periods of time and while I've never been a hardcore smoker (the MOST I was smoking was 2 packs a week) I've also never gone more than 3-4 months without a cig since I started smoking.

I'm ready to make the leap, I haven't bought a pack in a week now (been casually smoking some old cloves but they're too harsh so I maybe have one a day) and I wanted to try the e cig route to help with the ritual of smoking.  I did some research on 510 cigs and the Eon Smoke and the E Go cigs, but there are so many models, so many sellers and nowadays there are different vapor technologies, so I honestly still have no idea what the best way to go is.  Do I get a cheap starter kit? Do I spend more money for a better vapo (but probably doesn't look/feel like much of a cigarette)?  Do I go with a cartridge or cartomizer? By now I honestly have more questions than answers.  

I guess I'm really looking for feedback, I know I'll still probably have to try one or two before I get one I like but I know there's a lot of crappy ones out there that don't hit very well, leak all over the place, etc...I'd rather pay more to avoid those things but I don't really want to buy a full blown vaporizer because it probably won't feel too much like a cigarette anyways.  

Any advice/recommendations you guys could give would be awesome.  Any models or brands you've tried that you've loved, anything like that would be great.  A friend of mine let try his Eon Smoke, and while it certainly has the look and feel of a cigarette, it pulls rather poorly and my hits are either too light are too smokey.  I've heard "dripping" is the way to go if you have a cartidge cig, but like I said, I know very little about this.  Thanks for any help you all can give in pointing me (and hopefully others in the right direction). 

TL;DR  Ready to quit smoking, looking for a good quality e cig but have too many questions regarding them and don't know where to start looking.