Mission 19: everything that has worked so far

I quit on a whim and I’m 19 days in. I feel great. Having 0-1 minimal cravings per day. 

On my first day, I watched the Allen Carr method video after someone on here recommended it. I’d remind myself of the lies and the con cigarettes were pulling on my mind and body. When I was a smoker, all my excuses were exactly the ones mentioned so it felt great to counter those excuses. 

The Smoke Free app has been amazing. I bought it on the App Store. Logged every craving. Attempted every mission so far. When I craved, I’d look at the health benefit bars and think I want to reach 100% on all of these. 

I’ve been keeping busy all day every day. As a pack a day smoker, I’d spend at least a couple hours out on my patio each night, chainsmoking away. Having that extra time in the day felt weird at first. So i filled it with self care and hobbies. I used to cook a ton, and I’ve gotten back into that hobby. 



I had been getting very sick from smoking too. I think this was the greatest help of all. I reminded myself constantly of how sick I am. The pain of throat and sinus infections. I almost feel like im a subject to the Ludovico Technique like Alex de Large in A Clockwork Orange. After withdrawal was over, the smell of a cigarette makes me sick to my stomach. I gag and choke on the smoke. 



And also, what hasn’t worked, and it feels weird to say, but telling people I quit has just been such a bummer. Because most people I’ve told just don’t believe me. I told my mom and it was just filled with lectures and “yea you better” and “are you serious this time”. It felt so defeating at first. I was so emotional during withdrawal and I remember crying a lot to myself when my family didn’t believe me. But after that, I’d counter those feelings of defeat with the thought that I am doing this for myself, not for anyone else.



I hope these help some of you struggling. Withdrawal is the worst of it! It lasted about 10 days for me. But once I made it out, i felt like a brand new person! Everyone has it in themselves to do this! You can do this! Thank you to everyone that has helped me as well. 



A few other tips: drinking large amounts of water during a craving. I’d drink around 4-5 liters per day. Repeat a mantra that works for you. Mine were things like “I’m doing this for me” and “I’m making the best decision for myself right now”. I also separated myself from my cravings. Kinda leveling myself out with “that’s not me thinking, that’s my addict brain trying to think for me.” 