Good afternoon fellow quitters! I come to you on the cusp of a breakthrough. Does this seem reasonable?

Hey everyone! My name is Mark, 20, and I'm a smoker.

Not sure in particular what all the guidelines are for posting, but if this gets knocked out, I'll reformat.

Right now, school is starting. In terms of credits, I'm very close to what your typical college junior would have.  However, I'm currently taking a semester off, staying with my parents, and working at home in order to move back to the city I was attending, and stay there for at least 5 or so years until I reach some of my ultimate, long-term goals.  This past semester, I basically partied it away.  I smoked trees as often as I wanted, did everything in excess, and squandered my opportunities to better myself and focus on my career as a nurse practitioner.

However, I don't come at you with a sob story, but rather with a brief insight into a fraction of my life, and an opportunity to change my mindset to one of a mastery of self.

So, to prove to myself that I am greater than any adversarial (is that a word?) obstacle, I quit smoking trees and doing drugs in general.  As far as I'm concerned, I want to quit all drugs (except for smoking weed, something I have a desire to come back to later in life) for the purpose of getting my life back together and where I want it to be.  I still drink when the time is opportune (i.e. when I have a day off, given that currently I work full-time shifts from 7-2 most days).  However, the overriding thing I'm trying to tell myself in this is that I want to have a complete, well-rounded self discipline of myself in all areas of life (self-indulgence, mixing work/play, etc.)

So what I come to you with is this: I have a lot of money given my situation.  I'm not footing many bills; I'm still reliant on my parents for a lot of my living and they are willing to provide that for me as long as I need it, so financially I have no purpose in quitting.  I love cigarettes for many reasons, to break some tension, social desires, to relax my stomach after a meal or a drink, to relieve some boredom, post-coitus, prepare myself for something, as a break at work, etc.  You guys know the same reasons I do.

However, I have told myself (as I did with everything else I've desired to quit) that I will quit by a certain time, which for my cigarette habit is by September 30th (today is August 21st).  I want to prove to myself that nothing can stand in my way, and that I will ultimately recover from this difficult semester of wasting away and achieve my goals that I once had as close as a year ago.  Upon quitting cigarettes, I want to exercise a lot and gain weight, and make it a lifestyle (I'm 6'5" and no more good looking than the next guy, though I want to be more proud of my appearance than just contentment).  Aside from that, I want to prove to myself that I can do whatever I set my mind to, and as of late this has been the final boss in the game of life for me.  In short, my purpose in quitting is more of a mental mindset break of this 'rut' that I'm in.  I'm currently at around a pack every other day, and by the end of August, I want it to be a pack every 3, then 4, up to a week, then when I have a couple days in a row off work, which will happen regardless before the 30th of September, have a relaxing, very low stress couple of days and kick this habit for good.

tl;dr I started smoking a while ago, my grades were solid, partied it away, want to prove to myself through hard work I can still achieve, and am currently mastering self-discipline of all types and am trying to quit by Sept. 30th to prove to myself that I can do anything. Ask/comment if any additional info is needed