Reflecting on a year of freedom

In just a few days, I will be celebrating 365 days smoke-free. I've been thinking a lot lately about those early days of my quit. I had read Alan Carr's Easy Way, and I knew I was ready. But I really didn't know what I was in for.

If you're just starting your journey, I have just a few things to tell you. You may be experiencing some really intense mood swings, hunger pangs, disturbing thoughts, anti-social tendencies, and general disorientation. This is all normal, and it will pass, I absolutely promise you. It is gonna suck for a while, and there's no avoiding it. The way you know you're ready to quit is when you're ready to embrace every part of the suck, understanding that you only have to go through it once, and then never again. The more it sucks, the more you can remind yourself, you only have to do this once, and then never again. 
After the really shitty part passes (for me the worse of it had completely passed at about a month and half), you will have to continue to make the decision every day to not smoke, but that decision gets easier every day, until one day you'll find you hardly think of it at all. Just remember, it's gonna really suck only for a short time, and then you never have to experience this particular kinda suck again. 
To keep this on a positive note, if you're afraid of quitting because you don't know if it's worth the suck, I promise you, it is fucking beautiful to be a non-smoker, in every way. My once daily, over-riding anxiety is almost non-existent, I feel  as healthy and energetic as when I was a teenager, my sex life is bonkers, and foooooood omigod food is so good you guys. I'm so sad I allowed myself to miss out on really tasting food for 18 years, but fuck if I ain't taking every advantage of it now (and being able to exercise normally again to combat it, which is also dope.) 

Don't give up. It's supposed to suck at the beginning. You can do it. I believe in you so much! See you on the other side xxoo