If you don't love yourself enough to quit smoking, what about the ones you love and who love you?

I started smoking 9 years ago, the first cigarette was with my cousin, she offered one and I couldn't refuse, I was weak and thought that saying no would make me seem like a coward back then, that was my first mistake, the second one, all my classmates are smokers so I thought it would be cool to smoke too, so I joined the club, and after year, it escalated from four five cigarettes, to a pack-a-day, then quickly to a pack and a half or two.
Three years ago, my uncle died of a lung cancer, because of smoking, it broke my mother's heart, it broke mine, and that day was the first time I start thinking about quitting, I've always seen smoking as a cool thing to do, but that day, I really wanted to quit, but I didn't do any effort to achieve that, I has always been "I'll quit, someday".
When you start smoking, you never think you're gonna be an addicted at some point, you just think you're a non-smoker who wants to burn one from time to time, you keep thinking that way even after you reach a pack, you keep thinking that you can stop whenever you want to, but actually never try to..
About a year ago,I starting having a strange pain in my chest, which was very uncomfortable, uncontrollable and unpredictable, but it wasn't hurting all the time so I just got used to ignoring it, I never went to see a doctor, I never tried to understand what it is, I just didn't want to know.

The 4th September, I was drinking a coffee with a friend, it was 7 in the morning but we didn't have a minute of sleep yet, we were both smoking and inhaling each other's smoke, until the 18th cigarette of my third pack, I've put my hand on my chest suddenly, and I couldn't breath again, it's the same usual spot, but the pain was something I never felt before, I felt a drill going through my lungs, I felt like my chest was pressed against something and that it's going to explode, thankfully, that pain didn't last long and after long minutes of hard breathing, I started feeling normal again. 
I was lucky the pain was quick, what if someday, it will get worse, what if someday, that pain will be a constant feeling? 
I threw the pack in the trash and left the place, decided not to smoke another cigarette again, no cold turkey, no nicotine replacement therapy, that cigarette was and will be my last cigarette ever, I think I was already in pain, so I didn't feel have any withdrawal symptoms or feel any desire to smoke, not a single craving until this moment, actually I've been trying to convince my brother and some friends to quit, I no longer stay in places where smoking is allowed unless it's open-air, no more smoking in my car and in the house.
 
So think about it this way, if you want to do it, wishing is not enough, you need to be willing to do it, and if I can do it, you can do it too, if you don't want to do it for yourself, remember you're not only harming yourself, you're harming people around you, people you love and care about, people who don't want to lose you, and people you don't want to lose! 

Today I feel I'm a better person, it's been only 9 days now, but I feel like I'm a new person, I breath better, I eat better, and I sleep better.

Happy quitting everyone! 