In the middle of day two, does it get easier?

I guess I did the cliche thing and I quit smoking for New Years. I had been saying since around June of 2012 that I would quit January 1st, 2013. I smoke all night NYE, and quit once I woke up in the morning. Still had half a pack of camels left so I broke them all and threw them in the trash. 

The first day started off good, but I got bad right before bed. I started to feel nauseous and my hands were shaking a lot. I came very close to driving to the gas station to buy some cigs. I ended up drinking a cup of some alcoholic eggnog that I had in the fridge to relax me and I finally fell asleep. 

So far today has been good. I've caught myself having thoughts as if I was still a smoker. I'm at work right now and every so often I'll think "can't wait till lunch break so I can have a few cigs" but then I have to remind myself that there is not a pack waiting for me in the car. 

I miss the routine. I'm a guy who likes routines. I'd smoke two on the way to work, three during my lunch break, and two on the way back from work. The first one was always right when I got in to my car and 2nd was always when I got to this same specific intersection. Same thing for when I left work. 

After work I would probably smoke anywhere from 8 more cigs to the pack being finished. So basically 15 to 20 cigs a day. I was definitely buying a pack a day, and on Friday nights when I'd go out drinking it was more like 30 to 40. 

Marlboro lights here are 6.25. I'd occasionally get some American spirits which are usually 6.75 here. That's $43.75 a week. $175 a month. $2,100 a year. I make about $300 a week. That's a lot of money for me. I was thinking of opening a savings account and doing auto transfers of 6.25 a day just so I can save what I was already spending. 

Anyway, I kind of rambled away from my original question. Does it get easier? How long am I going to be walking around thinking about the cigarette I'll never have? How many nights am I going to be nauseous? I've been smoking for 5 years, so it's a bit less than most people I know, but I'm tired of it already. 