The mental twist.

I like to think of myself as a smart and rational human but the more I try to deal with my addition to nicotine and read others posts I realize how much I am not in control. I have smoked my last cigarette a million times in the last month much less last two years I swear I try to quit everyday. But the loss and boredom I feel which this seems so stupid to say as I've read others excuses and think just do it. I don't know... I started at 12. I had been duct taping my moms cig packs shut after the rage of how bad smoking was came out about 10 years ago.. Then I smoked a butt of hers to see what she was getting out of it cause why would someone do something so horrible to kill themselves. Well 10-12 years later I still have not found the golden nugget that just never existed in tobacco. I'm now a 24 and feel I have wasted just so much on it. My life and freedom to start with. A bad car accident in my teens where my recovery is just finished as of this month. I've waited 8 years for a front tooth that they kept telling me to quit smoking so I can get my implant. Somehow got my implant with out quitting. Now I'm whole again I no longer feel broken or held back yet you've met the monkey i carry around. I've though of posting many times to make the jump but maybe this is it maybe me selling myself out to you is the next step. I am a nasty stinky broke smoker and I am not okay with that. I and trying to pummel other habits with this one as a good punch and I know I should probably do them one at a time to get them done at all. Wow seeing my thoughts on screen are an eye opener to how often (always) and how far (as far as it takes) to keep my addiction alive. Which brings me back to thoughts of me or this what will you let live woman!! And I still am here. Not quite a non smoker but quite looks like quit and I'm so damn close. What ever you got the good bad the ugly help me wake myself up to these lies I live while smoking.. Being honest helps even if I'm not there just yet. Never quit confronting tobacco for what it is whichever side your on 