I wrote this when I quit my first time. I still really like it and I thought you guys might appreciate it as well. "A Farewell Letter"

Dear Madam Tobacco,
 
They say that the things we hate in childhood, enslave us in adolescence, and are our regrets in adulthood. OK, "they", whoever "they" are, didn't say that: I just made it up on the spot. But that doesn't make it any less true. My first knowledge of you was admonishments I directed at my elders to leave you. In my eyes, the greatest sin, the most damning of acts, was the love of you. You were a Jezebel, and I was Elijah. But you indeed were a much more cunning Jezebel. I was helpless the first time I took you out. Even though your sour taste in my mouth that one July morning indeed, and pardon the cliche, did leave a sour taste in my mouth, I longed for you somehow. When my friends reintroduced me to you in November, unknowing of our previous rendezvous, I jumped at the occasion. I was thrilled! Me, with Tobacco! What a novel notion that was, and for lack of better options, I found it an excellent move.
 
But it wasn't until January that I decided to turn ours into a regular affair. By then, we would see each other every afternoon, especially on those days of "community service" adventures. Seeing you before and after was one of the pure pleasures of a senior student's Wednesday. It wasn't until May that our relationship became serious enough to announce it proudly to my parents and family. As you very well remember, they did not take it quite well, and we had to restrict ourselves to secretive meetings. In spite of it all, I knew my feelings to be true. I even thought of buying the ring and tying the knot.
 
But then, something changed.
 
I left for Canada, and therein, "as the Bard would tell us, 'lies the rub.'" Our meetings suddenly were cut off, and communication was infrequent and rare. And my moments of loneliness brought around moments of reflection. I had thought my life tied to you, and that I could not go on meaningfully without you. Yet here I was, ready to face life and, as John Gutfreund once said, "ready to bite the ass off a bear." I faltered and made my doubts clear, but you were never one to take no for an answer. You came back from your Caribbean exploits in Cuba and the Dominican more appealing than ever. Before, you were everyday, hip and stylish. But now, you were classy, sophisticated, and much more refined. That sent me wild, especially my ambitious side, the one that had been planning for a real climb in the social pyramid, and knew my partner would have to follow my footsteps for that to work.
 
But alas, my return home precipitated your olden ways. True, your refined manners were indeed still there, but your old reverence to the everyday life made me uneasy. Very uneasy. And that set me off on a thought: my happiness had become tied to your every mood and whim. My existence every day was devoted to when and if I could see you, and for how long. I had become tightly attached to you. That, I decided, was not the basis of a healthy relationship, or indeed, any relationship at all. It had become an obsession. I decided that in order to improve as a human being, my happiness should come from my own sense of satisfaction, provided by accomplishments and grateful realizations, rather than provided by someone else. That was the moment I realized this is not going to work.
 
 
It's been three days since I have last seen you. My body wants you. My blood calls out for you, and my nervous system begs for your presence. However, I know that my heart will be thankful for your absence, and tells me that I am making the right decision. Perhaps I am. I should have seen the warning signs a long way afar (seeing you with my friends, a prime example, should have set me to fire, but it seems I was too love-smitten. If I were to ever find one that is right for me, I expect monogamy, on both sides. Though if that were impossible, I expect HER to be monogamous.) You will try to call out for me and get me back, and I will try to keep running away. Eventually, I hope you will tire of waiting for my return, and continue your cursed existence with your other lovers. As for me, I hope to move on.
 
Sincerely,

You Former Lover

**NOTE**: As I did not grow up in Judeo-Christian culture, that Jezebel reference makes no sense except that I seem to have misunderstood that Jezebel tried to seduce Elijah. But otherwise, I humble-braggingly give my 18 year old self an 8/10.