Day 1!

Last year, I managed to quit for 3 weeks.  Then I poorly reasoned that less than a month after quitting I could just buy a pack and keep it for drinking or something.  I don't even think I made it to the weekend before I was back at it lol.  This time, on a whim I slapped on one of the patches my gf bought for herself, and rolled a cigarette from a leafy herb called mullein.  It's uncured and very... "poofy/fluffy", but serves well for someone like me, who loved the habit but not the addiction and health decline over the last ten years.  A 4 oz. bag on Amazon is between about $7-$12, and lasts months.  I'm somewhat critical of vaping/e-cigs, since it has been a sticky fad in recent years.  The disposable nature of rolling "fake" cigs versus the upkeep and "newer and better" mentality that comes with a piece of hardware is more appealing as a temporary habit to transition to being completely smoke free.

The 14 mg patch seems to cure mostly all my cravings, though.  So that's neat!

Oddly, I'm not excited.  I loved smoking.  I am only on day two and I know my withdrawal lasted over a week last time.  But... I keep reciting to myself the small talk answer where I get to tell someone that I "used to smoke", and "smoked for ten years", but quit and started pushing my body while I'm still young and healthy.  I keep imagining myself running regularly again, and how strong my body will feel once I institute working out again.  My post history is fairly candid about the money troubles I've been experiencing recently, and this should be roughly $120 or so that I didn't have to rehab that.

I underscore for the third time that I loved this habit, it was a safe space, it was a social method, it was "cool", I grew up liking the smell of my dad's heavy and constant smoking, it was a break from the crowd, it was after sex, after meals, the momentary cure for boredom, it paired well with coffee, alcohol, and weed; every really fun memory I have, every drunken and sober day and night has been as a smoker; it was urban camouflage (glasses, i.e. superman/clark kent, actually kind of work, and smoking is almost as effective as hanky-panky!), etc., etc., and so forth.  But it's bad for me.  Some people are better at pretending it hasn't hampered their lung capacity, or ability to work.  I'm not a one-year smoker, running a mile, playing weekly soccer, and finishing both with a victory smoke.  I'm thirty-one, what kind of fifty-one year old do I want to be?  Fit and aging like wine, or asthmatic oxygen umbilical attachment?

Not sure what the point of this thread is other than to announce, as of 9:45 CST, I am once again a non-tobacco smoker! [SmokeFreeApp screencap!](http://i.imgur.com/OuaFZ8y.png)  Hurray for me!  Hopefully next I'll be posting in /r/progresspics and /r/bodyweightfitness haha.  Cheers everyone!  Good luck not smoking!