Counting Days

For me, I am so addicted to cigarettes, I can't quit. All I can do is promise myself that I won't smoke today, and count the days.

This is day thirty-four. I quit before I found this sub, but I found it during withdrawal, and the flair seemed really neat to me, because I had already decided to start counting. The flair only counts completed days ... I started at one instead of zero, so I'm always thinking of one number beyond the flair ... Day one, day two, etc.

I can't speak for everyone, but I think maybe some of you will be able to relate:

Smoking isn't *just* about smoking, and neither is quitting. I think that, since early adolescence, I've been fostering a strong, self-destructive "death wish" and inflicting that dark will on myself *consciously*, but in a strangely compartmentalized way. Smoking was a big part of that. "Fuck it, right? In the end, who gives a damn?"

I'm not really sure how, perhaps in an *equally* strange and compartmentalized way, I've risen up and cast off that dark, destructive mindset. I didn't even realize that I was doing it or had done it until just now, but I did, and *that* is why I now refuse to smoke. I honestly hadn't figured out my reasoning for quitting; I *do* care. Of course, I always have, and I always *told* others that I cared about myself and my own life, but the evidence really ran contrary to that, so on some levels I suppose that I didn't really believe it myself. (Reading this I feel complied to add: I don't think that anyone who knows me would have suspected this; I'm pretty "normal," wife, kid, house, job guy.)

I think that I was actually *hiding* from my own mortality by "pretending" to be so brazen about it. There are not an endless number of days for any of us, as much as we'd love to think that there are. They *can* be counted, and they *do* run out.

When I count the days now, I'm counting how long it's been since I woke up from a terrible sleep of deep-seeded denial and self-destruction. I'm counting how many of my days I've taken back from the oblivion of apathy and fear. I could count and lament all of the *lost* time, but it would still be lost, so I choose to do the opposite of this.

TL;DR - If I am any indication, smokers have some fucked-up psychological issues.