It needs to be now

Having smoked for most of my twenties, it’s time to quit. I turn 30 next month. I quit through vaping for almost a year and a half awhile back but fell off the wagon after a traumatic breakup. The kind where your partner dumps you and gets married a week later while they are still moving out. I think I made it a month after the breakup before I cracked. It was most likely because I was trying too hard to appear it wasn’t bothering me. My partner bought me the vape in the first place and provided me the tools to quit. I think this played a part in why I had connected the two things when I started again. 

I have medically diagnosed OCD. This time has been spent “quitting” nearly every night. Building up all this determination and resolve just to throw it away the next morning or afternoon the second something stressed me out. It’s always tomorrow or two days from now. Today’s not the right day, it’s not the right specific time when I smoked the last one. Or I need to smoke a whole pack before I quit. It just batters me down emotionally and physically. 

Smoking has a total zombie effect on me. Sometimes after I chain smoke three of them I will nap for hours. Any ambitions I had for the day to play a game or make a good day for myself at work just go out the window. I also get chronic headaches and muscle pains from smoking that make me miserable but don’t seem to stop me. 

I can’t find much documentation on the combination of OCD and nicotine addiction. It’s very hard to tailor my research to my specific experience. 

I have to quit though. I have so many things I need to get done like losing weight and building my career ambitions.

The breakup no longer takes up much mind space anymore and it took me a long while to be at peace with it. I’m in a new relationship. One that isn’t so blatantly toxic. It upsets my partner that I agonize over this so much.

I have the vape ready. Charged and always a few feet away but for some reason making the jump hasn’t been as shockingly easy as it was the first time. 

I need to make this count. I want to quit now.