Saw this sub on the Front Page, decided I'd share my recent story.

When I was younger my grandparents smoked. My grandma's house always smelled like smoke, which is probably why I still like the smell of smokers' houses, hotel rooms, and old airports. When I was about 8 we learned in school how bad they were and there were commercials on TV about quitting smoking, most notably the one with the lady who would smoke through her neck (this was in the 90's). One day my grandma was at the house watching us and she went out to the side of the house to smoke. Being a curious kid I walked out and watched, for some reason I decided to go out to her and ask why she smoked. I thought nothing of it until a few years later when she quit. She reminded me of that day and told me that was the reason she quit. All throughout HS when offered to smoke I could never do it because of the guilt I would have because I got my grandma to stop. In college I became more relaxed and would smoke every now and then, but I have never been consistent with it. I'd usually buy a pack, smoke half and then leave the rest sitting in a drawer for months. I do vape regularly and would also get some cans of dip every once in a while. 

Anyways my grandpa never stopped smoking, he liked his Benson & Hedges. He got cancer a few years back and they were able to remove it. After they informed him the first time about the cancer he stopped smoking. This march he started getting ulcers and would check into the hospital for weeks at a time. They would usually tell him to eat better and send him on his way. In may he would start bleeding randomly and would get out of bed feeling really light headed. He checked into the hospital again and they told him once again he had ulcers in his stomach that were bleeding. They gave him an IV and some hospital food and he was starting to get a bit better and they were getting ready to release him. On May 20, I had a discussion with my mom that night, she told me grandpa was getting better and that they had lined up a care giving house right down the street from our house so he could stay there for a month or two until he was ready to go back to his house. My mom told me how happy she was that he was getting better because she had no clue what she would do if he died and that she just was not ready at all for him to go. On May 21, I was awoken by a call from my mom, she sounded frantic. She told me my grandpa had only 24 hours to live and to get down there when I could and to bring my brother. I waited for my brother and we were getting ready to go when I received another call from my mom, she told me that grandpa died. It wasn't ulcers all along it was cancer in his stomach spreading. It spread to his small intestine. When they did a scan on him they noticed small bubbles in his small intestine which are indicative of a dead intestine. Without my grandpas body able to absorb any nutrition the Dr. figured he only had 24 hours left, in reality he only had 3 hours left, he had just turned 83. 

It was pretty hard for us and a roller coaster being told that he was going to be fine and then being told he only had 24 hours left. 

Good luck with quitting. I too know how hard addiction is. I see r/opiatesrecovery in the sidebar I think I'll give it a look through...