Being a person that smokes isn't a person I would like to be.

When in High School I used to sneak out of home and walk around my rural town. It was relatively safe, everyone knew everyone. The only people I ever ran into when walking around at 2am was some kids I used to catch the bus with (who were looking for a place to smoke some weed). It was my sort of 'cooling off' period.

when I moved to the city I realised I wasn't getting my cool off period, so one thing lead to another and I started to skateboard under a bridge not too far from my apartment. One night two guys passed me. We talked about skating they even gave me some tips since I had just started. When they were leaving they turned and said, "You're lucky you were skating, cause if not, we probably of taken your phone. Take care of yourself out here, there's worse people." I stopped skating after that.

I was too scared to leave home, the big city was a scary place so I started to smoke at night. Glass of milk, some music playing and a cigarette was amazing. It was just a temporary thing, nothing major. But that was last August and I'm still smoking.

It's gotten to the point where my funds are draining rapidly (even when I changed to rollies), my friends are all asking me for a smoke since I always have tobacco and this morning I was playing with a friend's dog for five minutes before I was completely out of breath.

Fuck man, what am I doing? Remember back when you were younger and you cried whenever you saw your Dad smoking? Remember last April when you donated blood and you said you'd do it every six months? Remember when you were sixteen and you smoked your first cigarette with your sister? Remember how disgusted you were with the chemical taste? Remember all that? Look at yourself now.

You can't stop for long, if you're out of tobacco you go through cigarette buts in the ashtray. You can't hide your addiction from your friends anymore, I wonder what they think of you. A close friend of yours had an argument with you screaming that this "wasn't you".

This year you want to be more you than ever before. You've been living in the shadow of your former self for ages. The only light in the shadow is the leaves in the paper you're smoking, but there's so much more when you step out of the darkness. It's fucking bizarre. You told yourself at the beginning of the year that you need to be the person you're meant to be, and this definitely isn't you. 2018 is the year for you dude, I can feel it in my bones. You got this, you've got friends who can help and a family that loves you.

It all begins tomorrow. Mostly because you've already smoked today and you've got enough for one more cigarette to roll. You got a glass of milk, that song you used to listen to and one last cigarette. Finish where you began.

I love you and we can do this. It's time to say goodbye to this thing forever.