Hello! I'm a college student very addicted to Juul, and who desperately wants to quit.

The start of the addiction-
It all started when a friend gave me a Juul earlier last semester. I vaped 3nic juice for about a year before that, and was never addicted. I dipped all summer Junior year and never got addicted, could always go without both forms of nicotine consumption, I would always leave it at home, I could go extended days without nicotine, I never craved it.


But the Juul, the fucking Juul. It turned me from buying one 30ml, 3 nic strength juice a month, to spending $35 a week to feed my pod a day addiction. I cannot go quit it, without feeling intense cravings, and it is one of the worst things to ever happen to me. I was ignorant to addiction, and I am now paying the price. 

I ran out of money the first semester for pods, and bought a pack of cigs because I hate them, and thought that maybe would be enough to quit. Not a surprise at all, I did not feel good at all and could only smoke five a day. It lowered my nicotine intake temporarily, but I was experiencing strong withdrawals and was sleeping more then normal. School work was not getting done, and I needed to start using the Juul again. I have the equivalence of a pack a day addiction with Juul. It took a month to get there, but I have never progressed beyond a Juul pod a day.

I have been delaying quitting (I know classic procrastination) but my reasoning makes sense to me. I did not want to go through peek withdrawal symptoms during school, because I knew my grades would drop and I wouldn't be as functional. My roommate and all of my friends are also addicted to Juuls so there is no escape from it at school anywhere, but at home I'm around it significantly less.

This summer I want to quit once and for all, but I want advice on the easiest way to quit without taking prescription drugs. I DO want to kick the addiction once and for all. I know I have a problem, and I want to fix it. 

I'm going to have two jobs this summer, and I'm afraid I'm not going to be functional at all. I was thinking about faking the flu during the first few days of withdrawals so I don't have to tell my parents, they are not understanding at all. I love my dad to death, but he is a know it all.  He would not be understanding at all, and I feel like I would not be in the mood to put up with shit, and I would want their support but that is not going to happen. While on pain pills before my dad said "I don't think I would make a good addict, I never think I would get addicted to something", yeah well pops you haven't went a day without caffeine in 15 years.

To get back on track. I am a fucking idiot, who wants to poke some fun at my lack of drug intelligence and the fact I'm actually addicted to the Juul, while maybe offering some advice?