Unreasonable anxiety after stopping for ~2 weeks

Hey there,

I've been smoke free for about 2 and a half weeks (except for the occasional joint on weekends). I felt like i was handling the whole process pretty well, i've been smoking for maybe 6, 7 years and have tried stopping a couple times throughout these years already, so i am rather used to the process. I also went running a couple times and physically feel far healthier. Yet, on a mental side, i feel waaay more unstable than before. I've always had small anxiety problems and over the course of the years every now and then i'll be finding myself struggling with some existencial crisis for a couple days / weeks until i either convince myself it's bullshit or i get to "accepting" it and just forget about it. This never was a real problem, it is annoying and hard to deal with, but it never held up for too long and it never made really restricted me in the way i live. However, in the last 2 weeks, it feels like the whole issue has shifted to a more social level. Whenever i think about future events and or meetings i want to attend, i just get this very unpositive feeling that i won't be able to do it, which makes me just want to quit on all that stuff. The problem is,  I can't really figure out a reasoning for it. I'm not an unsocial person, i have a lot of friends and im not "scared" of interacting with friends and/or strangers. Whenever i get the feeling it's more of a reflex that makes me feel worried and or stressed about it. Also, i still do attend all the events and go to uni as usual and everything is working fine. But whenever i'm stuck at home i keep getting smashed by all these thoughts and worries and i feel like i'm digging myself deeper and deeper, while on the other side i feel like i don't really have any problems at all, since it just seems to be worries that never hold up when i actually go out and do stuff. I hope someone can make sense of this, i know it sounds very mixed up, it would just be nice to know if anyone else had to struggle with something comparable.  I still think it might be possible, that it's just the lack of smoking in all these social events that makes me so worried, but why would my "wanting to smoke" be so subconcious instead of the actual thought "damn this will be hard without cigarettes"? Thanks for reading!