Yesterday was a massive success for me.

Sorry for the long post, but I just needed to get all this out and figured I'd share.

So I've been trying to quit using the patch for about a year now. Off and on, with a fair amount of success. The longest I managed to stay quit so far was about a month. This time around something clicked and it's almost easy. I attribute a lot of that to the help and advice you guys have provided, directly and indirectly through reading the posts of others. 

When I work I put a patch on after I get out of the shower and wear it all day, but on my days off I tend to not wear them unless a craving gets REALLY bad. I never sleep with one on, because I get really messed up dreams. Yesterday and today are my days off this week, and yesterday I went to a pretty big concert and had a few beers while I was there. I'm a huge fan of live music and love going to shows, but they're a trigger to be sure, so I've been avoiding them because they always seem to be the cause of my relapses.

I didn't smoke a single cigarette yesterday. I didn't want it. Well I kinda did, but not as bad as I was expecting. I just concentrated on the music, and how I was still having a good time without a cig in my hand, and how I could breathe, and I wasn't pissing off the neighbors, or I really WASN'T pissing off the neighbors but just imagining it because I felt like a jackass smoking in crowds, the list goes on. 

I had a couple near misses, but both times my friend saw me eyeing a smoker and slapped me on the back of the head and told me no. I also begged a hit of an E-Cig from a neighbor after I was asking her about it and she said the juice she was using had very low nicotine content. Right now I'm working on breaking the habit with my patches, and then I can break the addiction. I was starting to get withdrawals and didn't want the threat of that ruining my night to make me cave, and it worked out. I had a patch in my pocket just in case, but I wanted to do this on my own.

I'm still taking it day by day. Today is not a success till I wake up tomorrow morning, but I'm more confident that I've got this than I've ever been. My real test is next weekend, when I fly across country for another big concert and one of my best friend's (who is a smoker) birthday weekends. Wish me luck.