Quitting smoking and vaping (Smoked 1.5 years, vaped 1 year, using cigarettes socially only for that year)—10 days since totally quitting, and suddenly, I'm taking 1-2 naps a day (not typically a napper) and feeling so depressed I'm worried I'll snap.

It probably matters that I'm using 2mg nicotine gum 1-2 times per day. Yesterday, I finished my last piece of that. I really don't want to go back out to the store for more gum. I just want to be done with nicotine.

That said, popping a piece of nicotine gum typically makes it all better. I wake up a little, my mood shifts back, and I can concentrate again.

The nicotine gum also helps me maintain concentration. Since I'm both a student and a freelance copywriter, I NEED to be able to concentrate. Nicotine is the only thing that helps with this. But I do try, try, try, try to do my work or get through a task without the gum. I just can't seem to finish anything.

I really don't have a ton of nicotine in my system and my cravings aren't that bad. Transitioning by vaping really helped. And the only reason I really started to quit vaping and smoking was because I was getting sick all the time and my throat was just feeling raw and awful. I got tired of having an uncomfortable throat and lungs and the constant obsessive worrying about lung cancer. So when I last ran out of vape juice, I just grabbed a pack of nicotine gum from the store. I haven't desired shitty-feeling lungs or a shitty-feeling throat, so going back to vaping hasn't been too tempting.

I'm on the precipice of having zero nicotine in my body.

But I'm just wondering:

-Are my sudden desires for naps normal? I lay down and can zonk out pretty fast. I hate it though. I hate napping and I hate how much I'm craving napping

and also

-Is this near debilitating depression normal? Will that fade? I have a lot going on in my life (overworked, relationships are shit, I'm isolated, my mom was just diagnosed with a treatable cancer) but when I have zero nicotine in my body I seriously start thinking about death. I would never hurt myself, but the thoughts just creep in and I hate it. 

I just don't know what to do to get past these feelings. I hate napping, and I hate being depressed. Vaping and the nicotine high were little joys that I could call just mine. Yeah, they hurt my throat and lungs, but they tickled my brain in a good way and now I don't have that. (I'm fine paying that price for a healthier throat and lungs.)

I'm already in therapy...I don't really know what to do about how I feel right now though and could use some support and continued encouragement.