Stop smoking, it's not worth it! (Take it from someone who's seen the effects first hand)

The effects of smoking aren't worth it.

My dad smoked from way before I was born until about 6 years ago. In the 80's everyone smoked and they smoked everywhere. I grew up suffering from ADD, asthma and horrible allergies; all which are linked to living with a smoker. As a kid I tried to get my dad to stop; I'd throw his smokes out, break them, soak them with water and nothing worked. He would always wind up getting mad at me and I'd be in trouble.

Fast forward through my Jr. High and High school years; dad still smoked. Time went on and I was just kind of used to it. My dad was sick a lot in my late 20's; Always had a cough and we were always on him about being sick. He finally stopped smoking about 6 years ago, or at least cut down to one cig on Sundays. His constant cough haunts me. My biggest fear has always been losing my dad; but he was (is) one of the strongest men I have ever known. My dad could do anything, nothing could phase him; or so I thought.

I'll never forget him calling me on my birthday November 4th, 2011. He was sick again and he sounded so sad which wasn't normal for him. He was always happy when we spoke and even happier when he would call me on my birthday; you could hear his smile through the phone... but not this time. I nagged him about his cough and he told me he had already been to the doctor and his doctor said it was just the flu and not to worry... it wasn't "the big C", that conversation will forever be stuck in my memory; Just hearing him say those words made me sick to my stomach. He wound up getting worse so he was scheduled for a throat biopsy on November 10th and we weren't due to hear anything for a while. When my phone rang that evening right after his appointment I was terrified to pick it up when I saw it was him. The uneasy feeling in my gut was unnerving and when my own fears were confirmed it was horrible. They knew at that appointment something was wrong with him, just not to what extent, but it was serious.

On November 28th 2011 we all went to the doctor for the results and I can honestly say that was one of the worst days of our lives. My dad was diagnosed with stage 4 lung cancer. I can still close my eyes and see the PET scan results on the computer screen. Through it all my dad was strong; he immediately wanted to know what to do. "What do I do now, whats next? When can I start treatment? What are my options?" While we, his family were still trying to come to grips with what was happening; he was ready to fight.

And he fought, for 4 months. As strong as my dad was, the cancer was stronger. We lost him 4 months to the day of his diagnosis. It all still seems like a blur; I'm crying uncontrollably as I type this. If hearing this isn't enough to make you stop smoking I don't know what is. The pain that a family goes through while watching a loved one struggle with cancer is immeasurable; the feeling of not being able to take their pain away or do anything to physically make them feel better is crippling. It is truly one of the worst things ever. I hate my birthday and the holidays... I would give anything to have him back and healthy. I would have given my own life to stop his suffering. 

If you cant stop smoking for yourself then do it for your family; I beg you. My dad will never meet his grand kids or walk me down the isle and that hurts so much. 

Please stop smoking and if you're thinking of starting, DON'T.