Quitting tomorrow.

I've been a smoker for around 6 years now and in that time, I've been a bit of a serial quitter. On average, I smoke around 5-10 cigarettes a day. Every now and then, I try to quit and I'll usually manage a couple of days before I cave in. In the last two weeks of April, I went for 9 days without a cigarette (and I lasted a month while travelling last November). Usually when I fail, it's because I get drunk and I have a lot of friends who are smokers, so cigarettes are constantly available. Does anyone have any advice about how to deal with the natural weakness that comes with drinking/partying? I suppose it's not ideal, but I'm not ready to quit the party scene so to quit smoking, but in any case I plan to slowly steer myself away from it (which is something I've already been doing).

I'm going to try quit again tomorrow (cold turkey, as NRT doesn't sit well logically for me, as I'm of the "If I'm having nicotine anyway, I might as well just have a cigarette" camp). My strategy so far: I've written a long list of all the reasons why I want to escape the habit and I've decided that every day, I'll keep referring to this. I'll drink lots of tea, burn incense, eat sugar, focus on cooking, drink lots of water, try not to get plastered and probably find some new hobby to take up - possibly boxing and/or Bikram Yoga.

In the rest of my life, I'm reasonably healthy and 27. I'm an avid runner. I eat reasonably well. And I *can* be quite disciplined, but usually my deeply engrained impulsivity, short-attention span and anxiety trump this. In the last year or two, I've started feeling a bit of pain in my chest and a while back, it got badly inflamed. A weak heart runs in the family too (cardiomyathapy) and apparently, smoking is a surefire way of getting one. I occasionally get palpitations from cigarettes too (especially when combined with heavy drinking) and ultimately, I feel like I'm at that make-or-break stage. Like, if I don't quit soon, I will do some serious damage to myself at such a young age. So yes, my twenties haven't been my most intelligent decade, but I hope to change that.

Quitting in 24 minutes from now, at midnight - I need it to be on the dot. A touch OCD. Any tips, advice and or stories would be greatly appreciated. I only just found this sub-reddit, but I'll come back and provide updates as I succeed or fail. Good luck to you all on all your quitting journeys! We've each got the one life and we might as well live the best one possible. :)