My strategies for quitting... also I'm new, so hi! 3.5 days in.

(Warning: pretty goddamn long)

Hi everybody! I am 3.5 days into my first ever attempt to quit smoking cigarettes after a 6-year daily smoking habit. I decided to post here because reading all of your posts at /r/stopsmoking was part of what encouraged me to just go for it, instead of putting off quitting for hypothetical tomorrowlands. So far it is going really well, by the way - at the moment I am having more feelings of excitement than of craving, but my greatest challenges are yet to come… if you want to know more about my path to quitting, scroll down to the bottom of my post and I’ll have some of that info.

BUT, the main thing I want to share with you, in an effort to give back inspiration where I have found it, is an assortment of strategies I have collected for my own use over the course of the quitting process. Of course, we all have different strategies that work for us and different levels of capability… so instead of taking the whole list as one entity, I hope you’ll at least find one strategy that might help you if you are struggling with, or just wishing to strengthen, your resolve to quit.

And again, I just started this process, so - I’m not an expert. Part of the value I found in browsing /r/stopsmoking was seeing people’s badges that had like, a bajillion numbers on them. Just knowing that people have continued that type of success is inspiring, and they probably have more of a clue than me. Please feel free to comment on or challenge my list. Some of these ideas are widely circulated or super obvious. These are just strategies I am storing up my sleeve for any difficulty I might have down the road. So without further ado…


FYI on Cost-Benefit: This is a 1-10 score weighing costs against the overall benefit - in my mind - of the technique. Pretty much anything that is free and easy is a 10. The cool thing is, EVERYTHING is better on this scale than smoking. Nothing here will cost nearly as much, nor will it bring about such significant harm.
---------------------

EXERCISE: Go outside, walk, run, do bodyweight exercises, stretch regularly. This is at the top because I view exercising as the very opposite of smoking. It positively changes your relationship to your body as something to take care of rather than destroy. It significantly improves the health of the very organ systems (respiratory, cardiovascular) you had been working so hard to damage. And beyond that, if you are still a smoker or if you slip up, it is the BEST way to make sure you feel the repercussions of what that does to you. When I was smoking, exercising ALWAYS made me feel like I should quit.
PRICE: Free!
COST-BENEFIT: 10! Nothing to lose here folks!
---------------------

RESEARCH: When you have a few free minutes or if you are having a craving, go online and research the effects of smoking, research smoking cessation, research health topics. Read about how lungs work, or whatever. The point is to know as much as possible about smoking, because logic does NOT support the habit, and to know about your body, so maybe you might feel more ready to respect that miraculous piece of equipment that is homo sapiens. Hopefully this will reframe your associations with cigarettes - when I think of a cigarette now, instead of thinking about how great it might be to have a smoke, I think about life expectancy outcomes from smoking and statistics about preventable disease. The facts are stuck in my head like a catchy tune, ever since I started doing active daily research. So in summary - reframe your associations with cigarettes and get yourself some fact-based rationale to feed your NON-smoking habit.
PRICE: Free! (I’m assuming you already have an internet connection if you are reading this…)
COST-BENEFIT: 10
---------------------

PHONE APP: So I am using this app called QuitIt to track my progress on quitting. It’s not the most well-designed app of all time (I saw other ones like this in the app store too, if you wanna shop around), but there are two things that I really like about it. One being the simple ability to track how long I have been cigarette-free, down to the minute. I like to look at this many times throughout the day, because to me it is awesome that the number is bigger every time. The other thing I like about it is another data piece it gives you, the amount of tar you have NOT put into your body since you quit. The actual number means very little to me, the thing I like about it is that it goes to the thousandths place… which means it is CONSTANTLY CHANGING! Whenever I have a serious craving, I just sit there for five minutes and watch that number get bigger… and bigger… and bigger! It makes it feel real to me.
PRICE: $0.99/one-time purchase
COST-BENEFIT: 9.5
---------------------

TOOTHPICKS: I like toothpicks, and have been using them since long before I quit. They give you that whole hand and mouth involvement thing that you may have grown used to from smoking. You can use them any time and they won’t fuck you up or take years from your life. I use cinnamon or tea tree oil toothpicks because they are awesome and antiseptic. THIS is a habit you can indulge that helps clean your teeth (manually and via the essential oils) and makes your breath smell GOOD like cinnamon, instead of awful like cigarettes!
PRICE: I get boxes of 100 for $4. This lasts me 1-2 months but it’ll probably be different for you.
COST-BENEFIT: 8.5
---------------------

INCENSE: So this is ridiculous, but allow me to explain with a story. There was a night of unabashed hedonism in my life a couple years ago that involved lots of alcohol and lots of cigarettes - and let’s just pretend that those were all the substances involved. Needless to say, I woke up in the late afternoon feeling HORRIBLE. My tobacco habit was shouting at me to smoke a cigarette, but my body was like, “If you do that you’re gonna throw up, like, everywhere.” So my half-witted compromise was to go hang out outside while holding a lit stick of incense. I got the satisfaction of smokiness and the ritual of taking a minute of self-reflection, without inhaling that smokiness deep into my lungs, and without that moment of self-reflection ending with “boy, that cigarette markedly decreased my ability to breathe.” An accidental discovery that totally helped at the time, and I have used it a couple times since. Just don’t go huffing that smoke down, incense is even less appropriate for inhaling than cigarettes.
PRICE: Varies widely, but I go for $1 boxes of Nag Champa that I enjoy quite a bit.
COST-BENEFIT: 8
---------------------

E-CIGARETTES: I use an e-cigarette. I know that people have various problems with them, the main ones I hear being that people either want to use no nicotine at all (an admirable goal), or that it is too much like smoking real cigarettes for them, so instead of a replacement it becomes an augmentation of their smoking habit. Some people point out that nicotine alone elevates blood pressure, and while this is a temporary effect as far as I have been able to find out, it makes sense to avoid if you have certain health problems, or if you are an extreme and awesome quitter and like the idea of completely defeating your dependency. This is all valid, and definitely find your own path with or without e-cigarettes. As for me, I’m not worried about nicotine intake and I don’t find it bringing me back to real smokes. Like toothpicks, it replaces the whole hand and mouth part of the habit, as well as the addictive part of it. The main thing that concerns me with e-cigarettes is that because it is such a new and unregulated market, it seems like we may not have the clearest idea what the manufacturers are putting into them. I feel confident that I am putting myself at far less health risk than with a real cigarette, while still acknowledging there could still be the possibility of health concerns associated with them once we find out more.
PRICE: Depends, I have a cheapie that cost me $15, plus I buy new cartridges for about $3.50 each. These last me several weeks. Some people like the fancier ones that cost a lot more, which makes sense because they are in fact way better.
COST-BENEFIT: 6
---------------------

As I’m writing this, it occurs to me… you all probably have a bunch of strategies too! Maybe you feel like adding to this list and writing a bit about your technique? Well that’s great, thanks for volunteering! Please do!


ABOUT ME
I am 24 years old, and I started smoking at about 16, daily by 18. I never wanted to quit because I “liked” cigarettes, and I think on a deeper level I think I was afraid to fail. One of the ways I put off quitting was by saying to myself, “I will quit by the time I am 25.” Well, I kept smoking and my habit got more and more pronounced with more and more ill effects. When my 24th birthday happened recently, I realized the whole avoidance technique of “quit by 25” was becoming realer and realer by the day. I hatched my plan to do a lot of research on quitting in order to put it off even longer, but something weird happened… I learned stuff that actually made me want to quit. One night I spent 3 hours looking up stuff on smoking and smoking cessation, which of course I then followed by having a cigarette (literally, deadly irony)... I could feel it clogging my airways immediately and I didn’t like. I didn’t finish that cigarette and haven’t smoked one since.

Quitting is going real smooth so far, but right now I am away from home (all my housemates smoke, indoors at that) and not going out to party that much (which is where I delegate most of my regrettable decisions). So, I have challenges ahead of me. I’m hoping that getting my feet underneath me while I have a little respite from these factors will help me face them when they come. I made this list so I have something concrete to look at once I’m in these more difficult positions. Tonight I’m headed out to a bar, so out of concern for my quitting efforts, I volunteered to be the designated driver - amazingly, I make better decisions when I’m sober, so I am banking on this incredible superpower to take me through any cravings I have tonight. All in all I feel hopeful in a way I never imagined I would before I quit! It was something I knew I had to do eventually, but I never wanted to speculate on when that eventually would be. It makes me feel like a more capable person to stare this difficult undertaking in the face and win. Every second is a victory. Which basically means I’m winning at life!

Sorry for the absurd length of this post! I’m interested in your comments if you have any! Keep on keepin’ on y’all!

Edit: formatting