Habitual changes to finally "STOP" (DAY1 Ramble/Rant)

A wonderful good day to all you enlightened souls. Its such a wonderful thing to see so many people takin' their health seriously and kick the horrific habit of smoking. Ive been smoking on and off for about 10 years now. For most of that time i was either very ON or very OFF, never really an inbetween. Im a very all out person - Chain smoking the shit out of a pack of baccy or insulting/bringing others down for smoking to make myself feel better for not smoking. I wanted to finally QUIT 2 years ago. To do this i realised, after many attempts, I usually failed/lapsed when drunk/drinking. so? So i stopped drinking. No alcohol for a whole year. At first it was insanely difficult/boring (didnt see any friends etc). Then, after maybe 4 months, I began going out again and seeing friends, all the while not drinking (driving everywhere certainly helped with this). It worked out really well and i didnt smoke or drink for a year. 
Eventually i slipped back into old habits, but with a major difference - I only smoke on weekends when visiting friends. This is new territory for me. I never smoke during the week whilst working (I live alone and my coworkers dont smoke) but once again, asoon as the weekend hits and im around smokers, I start puffing. 
What the hell is with my self control? I dont want to blame others for my failures, but is it really the case that I have no self control around smokers or in social situations?  Do I once again stop drinking all together and avoid being social for months? This cant be the solution, but, may once again, have to be my starting point.  

Another new addition to my new "smoking habit" is my fathers health. Hes a lifelong smoker and has recenly been diagnosed with various smoking-ralated health issues. They have give him 2years to live IF he keeps smoking. Hes really struggeling and I dont see him quitting soon... Asoon as i found out it only somehow strengthened my urges to smoke... mainly when im around him.. i dunno, im rambling again...  but I had to get this out.. 

Not sure what Im really wanting to say with all of this, but I guess today is my official "Day 1" . I hope I dont have to change my habits/social surroundings too much to stay strong, time will tell. Thanks for this subreddit and giving me somewhere to vent. Apologies for the lack of structure and my poor grammer