Feeling like I am being punished by the universe and that makes me want to smoke.

So I’d like to thank you at the onset for being patient to read through this. I know it might not be the best place to vent but since it makes me want to smoke and I feel that others here may have experienced something similar it might be a good place to seek support.

I began my quit 3 months ago after plenty of unsuccessful attempts in the past. I’m happy to report that I still haven’t smoked one and 3 months has been the longest of my attempts. What made me start smoking was that there were a couple of shitty things going on in life. I lost my job through no fault of mine and New York City is tough to live in without a job for a while unless you plan on blowing through all your savings. So I ended up moving in with my parents overseas where costs are lower.

I have been trying to stay motivated but life just keeps throwing shit at me. First the job loss, next the moving to a different place, no friends I know in the new place and no girlfriend either. I’ve been trying to better my health and after a few months of exercise and weight loss I decide to go for a medical check up and learn that I suffer from hypertension. It does run in my family and isn’t that bad but still I need to be on meds for life. I’ve been applying for tons of jobs and end up getting offers that are too junior for me or pay almost half of what I was earning. For fear of blowing up more money and still continuing to live with parents I finally accepted a job offer for something that pays half what I was earning and I work under someone who is less qualified than me.

I have been so frustrated and my parents mostly my dad keeps telling me that I am arrogant if I judge for myself that I am worth more because I am not in an option to chose. He makes me feel like shit for being resentful about my situation and I just feel through with the sadness. Today I just drove with my mom and cried uncontrollably about my situation.

I actually even brought a pack of cigarettes and a bottle of whisky to drown my sorrows but after some consolation from my mom I threw the pack of smokes and just drank instead. I feel so horrible and want to start smoking again. 