Day 3.5 rant (do not read)

Sitting here at work surrounded by people I dislike having even dumber conversations behind me for some reason. I can't escape them or the place will blow up. I found a piece of gum to annihilate all of my homicidal thoughts into. Browsing reddit in the meantime to try and keep my mind off of the white and gold cylinder saviors that are cigarettes. Even after experiencing the horror that is the absence of having them the last few days, I cherish them completely.. but yet I have to quit. I exchanged waking up with the feeling of a stopped heart &amp; breathless lungs for sleepless nights filled with anxiety and fucking restless leg syndrome. What a disease, RLS. If there is a God, they have a fucked up sense of humor. To make something so enjoyable and pleasurable disable me to this amount. Reddit, I smoked over a pack a day for the last 8 years and smoked about half a pack for the other 4 prior to that. I'm a very tall, thin, 28 year-old dude &amp; I think being genetically thinner makes the air scrape your lungs more or something because the negative effects of smoking on me have been incredibly destructive. My circulation is terrible. I hack up more than anyone I know. My breath is shorter than people twice my age who smoke after very light exercise. Perhaps it's not just the smokes.. It's the lifestyle. Get home late. Wake up late. Drink and get high all night and use cigarettes to get a better buzz. Eat fatty foods. Look at naked girls online. Play video games. Sleep. Work. Repeat. Cigarettes are a part of who *I am* but i can't keep going like this. I'm unbelievably unhappy and unhealthy. I'm fortunate enough to be born in the US with a mostly healthy body and whatever besides the chronic headaches but God damn it's not been an easy road besides all that. Still, gotta find something else. This is gunna be a complete character and personality overhaul but here we go. I can either opt out now, or see what else life has in store for me..  I still got a little bit of fight left so let's see that out first. Yeah? There comes a time when you have to ask yourself *how much longer am I going to keep putting in bad and expecting good to come out* ?