Writing this to remind myself of why I'm quitting and why you should too.

Last year I managed to quit for 4-5 months, until I had the occasional drunk cigarettes, which slowly turned into a proper addiction again. It would be right to say that I was already addicted with the first one but it finally ended up with me smoking 30 cigarettes a day again and feeling like crap. I've tried some 20 times since to quit and the last month has been very difficult in this regard. Some quits lasting only a few hours and others a couple of days. They were all half hearted attempts which made them much more difficult. 

I feel good about quitting now and I just wanted to share my little burden with you guys. I know I can do it, just like many of you have. And I know the pain of that temporary discomfort is so insignificant relative to the actual gain of quitting. 

With the right mindset it's maybe not easy to quit, but it is inevitable that one manages to quit. And remember, there's no positive to smoking. It doesn't actually help you. We're not sacrificing anything, but only gaining back all the things we slowly lost with each cigarette and the subsequent chain of unpleasant cigarette. 

**There is no gain involved in smoking.**
We're not giving anything up, the cravings and the empty feeling our body feels is it reverting back to its healthy state. As the body repairs itself, make sure to be aware of how bad our addiction really was for us and look at it with detached humour. This minor empty feeling is what enslaved us and ruined parts of our lives, or relationships, deluded our brain and caused fights.

I hope you're all doing well and I really hope you guys manage to quit with me. The worst thing that could happen is that you fail and try again. However, when you fail, look at your cigarette and ask "*what for?*". You feel the temporary relief, but now, in 30 minutes the empty feeling will be back - and mildly stronger. There's no actual pleasure involved, it's simply a cycle where you're constantly uncomfortable. 

So, keep that in mind. The empty insecure feeling goes and so will the tension. Just be aware of it and don't envy smokers. Be happy that soon you'll be more content than they are with the added benefit that you won't be continuously administering a drug into your system which makes every mundane thing such as taking a train, having sex or a dinner mildly aggravating because of cravings.

Good luck! And wish me luck too! 