18 years of regular smoking, quit now for almost 6 months.

I smoked regularly for 18 years. I started at 17 years old because I thought it would make me cool. I only got up to averaging half a pack a day at my worst, with the occasional binge. I smoked mostly American Spirit (first blue, then black) during that time, and they burned longer and heavier than typical cigarettes. Prior to quitting, I had gone down to 4-5 per day, usually two on the drive to work and then two on the way home. I last binged when visiting a friend for a night of drinking a couple of days before 2013. I had my last cigarette before returning to work the first week of January. My habit turned 18 and I decided it was about time I kicked its ass out. 

What helped me:
1. I set boundaries for myself and became overly conscientious of others. I stopped smoking around or in view of my wife. I stopped smoking around my dogs. I stopped smoking in any public space that people couldn't easily avoid my cigarette smoke, including right outside my apartment.
2. I thoroughly cleaned my car and made it off-limits. This was the final place I had felt okay to smoke in without bothering anyone ... until it dawned on me that other people like to drive with their windows down, too. Also, my wife and dogs ride in my car, and just because all four windows would be down didn't mean cigarette ashes weren't building up.
3. I really thought about how out of breath I would get from going up flights of stairs, and how I would desperately attempt to breathe normally or at least appear to be in front of people who might hear me gasping.
4. I smoked my remaining cigarettes and stopped buying new packs. I viewed the act of buying cigarettes as a task, one more thing to *have* to to do.

Now before you think I'm rabbits and roses about this, I have to admit that I've been suffering some doubts about swearing smoking off for good. I can limit my bourbon obsession to roughly once or thrice a week, would it be so much to indulge in a cigarette as seldom?