Wanna share you my story and why i stoped smoking

I smoked for 4 years.

I always had a bad feeling about this. I never liked it when I was a child. My mother smoked, my father did. I didnt like the smell of it. I always said, I WILL NEVER SMOKE.

But I did, i failed. I started when I was 18. Pretty late I guess. I was in France with a couple of friends and I tried my first, second, third...
It was cool, it was hip and I felt like i was an adult. My first summer alone from home, my first summer with 18. I was free, well not really free.

When I went home from vacation, i did not smoke infront of my parents. It was a secret and it felt so good to do something no one knows about, just me.

I strugled at school, strugled in my relationships. I lost friends but one friend was always there. I kept smoking, because i knew this friend never will go.

I had a lot of mental problems. I always kept thinking i will die young, get a heartattack or a stroke. Maybe die from cancer in young age.
I kept visiting doctors, went to the hospital. Everything was fine, nothing to be worry about.

This went on for nearly 2 years. I finished my school worked in my first job.

In August this year i was promoted. Halftime job, halftime University. Its really hard, i have to work alot. But i know this will pay off in the End.

In all this time the cigaretts stayed with me and I know, the struggle that i think i will get ill or something started when i started smoking.

I started working out, went running. I am in realationship for nearly 1 year now.

Not I am sitting here, thinking about why  I am smoking. I dont know. I wanted to be free, to be an adult. That was the real reason i smoked.

But, i accomplished a lot by now, moving out next month and my life went in the right direction.

I dont need the cigaretts anymore to feel cool or adult. I became an adult, this is why I never will touch a cigarett again.

Just wanted to share my story with you guys. I hope my english is not that bad.

tl;dr: started smoking to be free and become an adult, stoped because I am now an adult and free.