25 days into my new life!

... and I feel great! At least my tenth proper attempt at stopping after 25 years or so of smoking. I've learnt a lot during those attempts about what works, but more importantly how easy it is to slip. I'm more determined and focused than ever and I'm armed with a few tools...

1) I'm using the Smoke Free app for the first time. It's great, but I think you have to put in the effort each day. I complete a mission each morning, and a diary entry each night as log as log my cravings rigourously. A lot of it is very repetitive but I think this is good. It kinda reverses the 'brainwashing'. Love the Dashboard and Progress indicators too. Wouldn't have found this forum either.

2) The Allen Car book (both of them actually). I've read one or the other of them each time I've tried to stop smoking. It doesn't have the same impact as the first time, but serves as reminder of my 25 years of stupidity and makes total sense.

3) Contrary to Allen's advice... NRT:

a) Nicotine Patches - I used these for the first week or two, but have stopped now. I now just use...

b) Lozenges - I just need to take care I don't rely on them.

I think NRT just helps with the irritability, and withdrawal. They take the edge off. I seem to be naturally reducing my use of it. A nurse once suggested I use a combination of NRT  rather than one and it seems to work.

4) Hypnosis 'tapes' (Max Kirsten). Again, a learning from my previous attempts. I use them to kick start my efforts. I also listen to them from time to time as a refresher. They have the added benefit of relaxing me.

5) Looking after myself. I've increased my exercise levels. Eaten more healthily and drunk more water. Doing this has really helped me notice the changes my body is going through as a result of not smoking, and as I said I also feel great!

6) My e-cigarette. Oddly, it's been a lot less effective than on my previous attempt. The other things listed have meant I've little desire for it and only used it once or twice. I guess it's better I'm not using it. Less going into my lungs.

A MASSIVE well done to everyone else on here doing what I'm doing in all the different ways that work for you!