Mom [48] is heartbroken that I [18F] have taken up smoking again

I am typing this on my phone, in the car hoping that we never reach home. 

Today I went to the shops to buy cigarettes and as the cashier just finished ringing up my purchase, I turned around and saw my mother staring at me.  I didn't know exactly what to do. All I remember was me uttering "Fuck, fuck, why did this happen."

A little background into how I got into smoking:

I used to be about 25 pounds overweight. Lost the weight, and I am now at a healthy weight. It was a HUGE change in my life.  Boys who used to just walk past me and not notice started to acknowledge me. This guy who used to not give a shit about me although I tried my best to initiate a conversation suddenly approached me himself, saying hi. I get free drinks now and I get treated way, way better. 

I live in Asia so even being overweight is a big NO. Most people here are thin and obesity is rare.  I remember how I used to be made fun of and how people used to treat me like dirt. Although I think a healthy weight is important, how you get there is crucial as fuck too. 

The way I lost weight was that I started being bulimic. I exercised like hell and I would restrain myself from food. When I couldn't take it anymore, I would binge on all the unhealthy food and purge it all out afterwards. Because of this I was really tired and dizzy all the time. Bruises started to appear on my legs. I took up smoking to stop myself from binging all the time. 

All the time when I was losing weight and starting the habit of smoking, I was in college, away from home. Cigarettes were cheap as fuck, since it was a duty free island and I had no one to monitor what I was doing. 

My grades began to fall. I used to get good results in high school. In college (this was matriculation college so you go here before going to university) I got C's, D's and F's for all my subjects except for English. At the end, they gave me an ultimatum whether to stay there for two years instead of my accelerated one year course or drop out. I choose to drop out. 

Right now I'm taking my A levels and starting anew. I've been going through my notes, paying attention in class and trying to absorb as much knowledge as possible. 

Only thing is I relapse into bulimia and cigarettes from time and time and unfortunately she caught me during one of my relapses. I told her I would stop in the past and I stopped for a month but started again.

I'm sorry mom, I really am. I love you but cigarettes help me, they stop me from cutting and binging. I know they're bad but they are way better than purging out food all the time... Just sorry.. 

Please help, I really do feel bad, I want to be better but I don't know how.

*UPDATE: Apparently my mom told my dad about me smoking. My dad is an ex smoker who has quit for more than ten years. I was pretty scared at first since he has a short fuse and has hit me on occasions but surprisingly.... he talked to me as an adult. Told me how he started smoking and what made him stop (apparently they fucked up his lungs at one point,they're okay now though) He told me to stick to my principles and gave me some pretty sound advice.

Cigarettes were confiiscated though. My new, shiny and unopened pack of Pall Malls, I mourn for you. Maybe I'll finally stop now, I don't know. But I do hope so.