Focus on the positive...

So this past week and weekend was my company's annual get together and customer shindig, which requires travel (as I work remote) and a lot of stress and socializing. I was actually a little worried going into it as this would be the first time I'd had an occasion to drink alcohol (I don't drink that much) and the first time I'd really be around other smokers since I quit. What happened instead is that I found even more reasons to be happy about quitting. 

1. No dash for the door outside at the airport. No losing my mind the last few hours of the flight dying for a smoke. While I deal with a touch of travel anxiety, it was actually **lessened** by not needing a cigarette. This was a big bonus!

2. I got to be more social with more people. One of the crutches I used to defend smoking in the past was that it was a good social tool - you had an instant rapport with the smokers. I found the opposite - I wasn't stuck *just* hanging out with the smokers (I still love them too, just they weren't my *only* people), and even better, I didn't smell like smoke. 

3. No worry about running out. We're confined for a few days on a resort (that has no smoking areas really - there are like 2 ashtrays on the entire grounds) for this thing, with no real individual transportation. Last year I actually kinda stressed because I was letting others bum smokes off of me. I almost ran out and had to make arrangements to have someone go get some for me... Not so this year. 

Finding those bonuses made it all work for me... Even when I went outside with the smokers - which I did a couple of times, because some of the smokers are still some of my favorite people - the bonuses I'd just discovered went through my mind and just made the whole thing better, and kept me from even wanting a smoke in the slightest. 

I went into this thinking I was going to find reasons to be bummed that I quit, and I only found more reasons that it was the best decision I've made in a while. 