Start it up

Once again, I'm trying to quit again. Recently, I made it about 4 days CT. Yeah, I have to change my quit time on this thing but I will later. 

Tomorrow is Monday. I'm coming back from a 3 day break from work because my Uncle died and I had to travel out of town for the wake. It was a very stressful week because I drove my 85 yo mother. Yes, I did the right thing. Yes, it was very stressful because she's not really nice to me when we are alone. Yes, I'm simply exhausted from it all. 

I have some medical issues - although they are not necessarily smoking related but I'm sure smoking doesn't help anything. 

I had an emergency root canal in June which hasn't healed properly. My chin is the size of a small ping pong ball. And it hurts. Tomorrow I go to the dentist to see what can be done. My tendinitis flared up from driving 300+ miles each way to the wake and I can barely move my left arm. My eczema flared up - most likely from stress (I can't blame the wake on this but it didn't help.).

In other words I'm a hot mess and I feel like I'm falling apart. And I smoke which makes me feel worse. I'm normally healthy - except for smoking. All of the above maladies happened since June. 

Since you have been reading this for a good part of your life....Why am I oversharing? Because I'm exhausted from all of this and I really want to quit smoking. 

Currently, I smoke a pack a day. I quit in 2001 and stayed quit for over 10 years. Then I went back to smoking because ... I don't know why. I seriously don't. Since then it's been a revolving feeling of self contempt and a who cares attitude.

Soooo...what I would like to do is not go to work tomorrow. Call in sick (I have accrued sick time). Quit smoking today - get through day 1 tomorrow - go back to work on day 2.5 - assuming the dentist gives me the go ahead to work. (My chin really fcking hurts.) Get to the dentist for an earlier appointment if that's possible. Go shopping for my quit (snacks, etc.). Clean my house of all things cigarettes. Do yoga with Adrienne (youtube). Take my dog for a walk in the forest. 

Sorry this is so long. 