I keep telling myself that I want to quit.

A while ago i bought some patches. They've been in my drawer for a while. Last night I decided that today was going to be day one of using them and not smoking.

I got through 24hrs till about 10.30pm, caved and went and got some.

The result of this is I got pissed off at myself for caving in, my flatmate who I told I was going to quit asked if I had and that got into a whole big discussion where I got a bit pissed at him because I pissed at myself.

I'm not sure how I'm going to go at this. I've been smoking for 12 years, if I try to justify starting I would say that it was due to depression and stuff that I still deal with - I don't want to make it an excuse to keep going.

So I was pissed off at myself for caving in and then I disappointed my flatmate, that got me further pissed off and I went and smoked some more before destroying the rest of the packet and throwing them all away.

My flat mate is my best friend. Disappointing him hurts. Me getting annoyed and pissed off frustrates him and makes him feel shitty and like im deceiving or trying to dupe him.

We've gone through this before and its started straight away again.

Is there anyway to do this without pissing each other off? To be honest, my friendship means more to me that quitting and I would rather give up then be arguing and fighting and getting pissed off.

While I keep telling myself I want to quit and all I can do is keep trying, each time I screw up its going to disappoint my mate and that makes me what to stop trying to quit.

While I appreciate his support and he is asking the hard questions to motivate and keep me going, is there a place of balance?

I'm sure its me that's reacting out of frustration at myself, in a way I feel I need his support because I find this so difficult, but would I be better off without it?

Does anyone have any experience with this kind of thing that has some suggestions for ways to not piss each other off and not give up on quitting?