27 Years

Hi,

I just decided to quit smoking cigarettes.  I’ve smoked a pack a day for 27 years, Camel Wides, and its time to stop.  I’m currently on day #2 and am actually feeling pretty good though I know thats a terribly short time.  I just turned 40 and the tick tock is fucking punding in my ears, ya heard?

I just stopped cold turkey and have been reacting to any cravings with physical activity and exercise.  I can already feel the difference. I’ve got a pool at my condo, and swam some laps this morning, I broke out some old 15lb dumbells to get active with.   Im not in shape, but Im not out of shape.  I’d like to get through quitting without substituting food and putting on lbs.  I’m 5’11” and currently 175lbs.  It’ll be interesting to see if I put on weight.  It would be fine, as its pretty easy for me to diet and drop a few pounds here or there.   

I live with 2 other fulltime smokers, and I can already smell how gross the condo is.  Its going to be a challenge smelling their smoke and separating myself from them. They are the kind of cats who will light up while 

I can take a deep breath already and not have the wheezing and lung chunk gurgling that I had before.   I used to cough up an lungie and there would be black chunks in it.   

I’ll probaly continue to smoke herb (its legal in my state), and I’m unsure if thats like a good substitute while delivering the smoke vibe sans nicotine, or if I should avoid it altogether.   I havent smoked herb in a little while out of coincidence, but that never bothers me, stopping for awhile.  Never any withdrawals.  

I’m conscious about being that guy, that “reformed smoker” whos spouting off all the facts to the people around me.   I want to encourage and support myself with those facts and such, but not come off preachy, or like I need to do that to convince myself.  No convincing needed, I’m sold already.   

I’m maybe thinking this might be a fun journal of sorts, maybe a place to get encourangement from, or cool ideas from others.  I dunno. I hate social media, dont have a facebook or twitter and this is my first reddit account, so be gentle.  

All I can say is fuck a camel wides.  They dont bring anything positive to the table.  