Almost a year without a whole cigarette, until now.

tldr; slipping up and smoking a cigarette reminds me of how I used to be, back before my depression and life situation consumed ever waking moment.

Christ. This is a throwaway, but I've never posted in this sub before on any of my accounts. Never thought I'd need to.

Not really sure why I'm posting. Maybe just wanting to see what successful quitters think about a momentary relapse. But the thing was, this wasn't a relapse: or, maybe that's just not how I see it. Instead, I just felt that I needed a few drags of a cigarette - which happens from time to time. Usually, every two/three weeks when I'm drunk, I would ask a friend of mine who smokes for a drag or two, and he'd let me. It wasn't so much of a big deal, because I quit 9 months ago by switching to vaping. This last week and a half is when I finally got my juice down to 0 nicotine - and, as of a few minutes ago, has been the longest time I've been without the drug. Tonight, he wasn't around when I started craving it... so I took one of his cigs he keeps lying around on the kitchen table, and smoked virtually the entire thing.

And everything just hit me at once. The nicotine, the nostalgia, the flavor, the smell (since quitting nicotine, my ability to smell has increased dramatically) - and it didn't feel gross or disgusting... It felt comforting. Like I was home. Like all of the *shit* that has been going on for the last few years, all of the depressive thoughts, just vanished - drag by drag. Being outside, with that cigarette, was the most comforting moments I've had in a very long time. And that's why I didn't stop with the first or second drag - but almost finished the entire thing. It was perfect.

I dunno. Part of it is what has to do with my personal life. I've suffered depression since as long as I've been smoking (started smoking at 14, was 1 PAD by 16, and switched to vaping last year when I was 22). These last few years have been some of the hardest I've had to deal with. Constantly, I'm questioning my worth as a human being, swamped by the responsibility of holding an entire company together (three other peoples' livelihood is entirely dependent on it - all three of them are over twice my age, but I still see them as family), yet I'm unsure if even within my profession that I'm capable of doing things well. Shit; if, and when, this company falls under I don't even know if I'm in the proper position to weather a job hunt. I dropped out of high school in the 11th grade, and have no qualifications to speak of. Only the last 6 years of "experience" that's been wasted on two separate death marches in an attempt to keep whatever company I'm a part of alive.

My interest in this profession dies a little every day. Considering it's been doing that for years, I'm surprised that I have any interest left in it at all. I've basically gone from the 20-something "I'm an idealistic, energetic, intelligent person with a passion in X" to a "I just wish that I can make it though 1 day without being miserable, or best case, stuff a shotgun in my mouth" in the span of the last few years. I have peers who I speak with online; but I'm growing less and less interested in conversing with them on the latest technology/language/framework/whatever. I'm even growing distant from my friends because I no longer have a shared interest. In fact, there isn't much that I'm interested in anymore anyway.

Technically, I'm an independent contractor, which means taxes are a bitch for me. I didn't pay 2013, and only *just* have enough room on one of the credit cards I have that isn't maxed to pay 2014. I have friends and family who live over half a country away who I want to visit this year, but might not have the money to do so. Yeah, in terms of taxes I'm an independent contractor (1099), yet I'm living in the office (my bed is right next to my desk), trying my damnedest to keep this company alive. That makes sense, doesn't it?

So when I smoked that cigarette, it was a reminder of how things used to be. Back when I worked for companies doing what I loved, being the brightest and most energetic person in the room - and thinking very positively towards the future. Back when I lived near my other family and friends, and never felt lonely, isolated or landlocked... I NEED that person back so bad right now; otherwise I don't know how many drunken nights I have left in me. Of course that feeling leaves a little every second after every drag - so, by now, writing this, it's basically already back to feeling like shit. But now all I can think of is bringing that feeling back.

Why did I chose last year to quit? Not only did I quit smoking, I cut my drinking in half (yet it's still somewhat excessive), and I've dropped 60 pounds. 

That was a bit of a rhetorical question actually: the reason why I did those things when shit was hard, was because I figured that if I couldn't make those changes then, I wouldn't be able to continue them in the future. And, for a period of time, I managed those changes well. I was quite proud of myself and my willpower. I still hated myself and virtually everything around me, but although I wasn't able to change my perspective or help with my depression, I was able to enact positive changes in my life.

Now I know that pride was premature. My mind just wants to return to life how it was before, and I'm simply not equipped to be in the real world. Every night I wish that I would wouldn't wake up - be instead trapped in a dream where my irresponsible, selfish self won't end up affecting those around me.

This entire realization, and all of the nostalgic thoughts of my past, all came because of that cigarette. When things get worse, and I know they will, how can I not default back into a behavior which I know will make things feel better? Even if for a moment? Shit, even writing this is making me more depressed - and now I'm going to have to spend the rest of the night fighting the urge to smoke another cigarette. Is this what I signed myself up to for the rest of my life? Did an idiotic transgression in my early teens sentence me to a struggle that will follow me wherever I go; and target me the most when I'm at my worst?

How do you guys actually deal with that sort of thing? Especially if you're like me and feel suffocated virtually every waking moment?