Quitting e-cigarettes (?)

Hey /r/stopsmoking,

Never posted on this sub, and I haven't really looked at it much either, being not that active on reddit until this past year. I always thought positively of this sub when I'd seen it linked to somwhere, but I never had to visit, because I'd already "quit" just over a year ago.

I switched from smoking cigarettes to using the electronic version. It was very easy for me, and I got pretty into it. 50 watt box mod and RDA, the whole shebang. But I'm now tired of being addicted in general, and I told myself that when my electronic device breaks, I will not spend any money furthering my addiction. This finally happened yesterday while I was at work, and now I think I should stand by what I said previously and be actually done with it.

Vaping was fun, as was smoking, but my addiction never got any better, it just changed forms. I guess I'm wondering in large part how quitting vaporized nicotine is different than quitting cigarettes, which I found to be very difficult when I'd tried in the past. When I started vaping, my pledge was to never buy another pack of cigarettes, and while I'd smoke them here and there at a party or something, Ibe stayed true to that. A year had passed since then though, and it seems I'm ready to try quitting all over again.

I think this post is a little different than most of what people post here, since I've already "quit," and I don't know how many vapers come to this sub for advice, but smokers and electronic cigarette users have the same nicotine addiction in common, so it seemed like a good place to post. Despite vaping often being presented as glamorous and free of ill-effects, I take many of the same issues with my current habit as I did with cigarettes as well.

I'm not totally sure what I posted this for, perhaps encouragement, perhaps to affirm to myself that I'm going to quit. But I also would be very interested to hear from someone who has quit or is trying to quit vaping. Thank you, and good luck to all the quitters out there!