20 year cig smoker, Day 3 quitter. I am on the 14mg patch. I haven't killed and eaten anyone yet.

Howdy, 



I was smoking ~10 cigs a day, occasional pipe smoker, and almost never cigar smoker. I have really been wanting to quit for about a year. I am 37 btw.



I read Carr's book (meh) a long time ago, didn't really do much for me. I also tried e-cigs, but found them to be gross, and they made me pretty sick. 



I bought a new car in Feb, vowed to and kept my vow to never smoke in it. Then I gradually slowed down from there. Stopped smoking at work, then stopped bringing them all together. I was using the patch to help during the day at work, then stopped doing that. I started using my pipe more and cigs less at home. For those unfamiliar, you don't inhale pipe tobacco, so my thought was to at least give the lungs a break.



Saturday morning I put on the patch and gave it a go. I pretty much just napped and watched football all day. I did eat like 9 sloppy joes, 5 bratwursts, and a mess of chips and salsa, so there was that. Had some trouble getting to sleep that night, but nothing 20 minutes of Pawn Stars couldn't cure. All in all not a bad day, I was sweaty, I had some short minor headaches, minor cravings, but they were fairly rare and weak. 



Sunday I changed the patch, and pretty much napped off and on for most of the morning. (I am an early riser, 0330 early.) I ate quite a bit again, but nothing ridiculous like Sat. Was constipated all day. I even had a few beers in the afternoon, the cravings were even more rare and weak. 



This morning I changed the patch, and took a glorious dump. I let the brown spice flow. Went shopping with mom, bought nearly a whole new professional wardrobe (WHICH WILL NEVER SMELL LIKE SMOKE), walked to the pool to creep on the girls, got my mail, and all is well. I am again having some beers, and virtually no cravings. I have a pipe and some good tobacco on my table, and I just have no significant urge to load it and smoke it. I have been keeping a deck of cards on me in case my hands need something to do, but haven't needed to use them.



The patch, its working for me so far. I didn't even have to cover my entire body in them. (OMG SOOOO HAIRY)



Theory behind drinking beer while trying to quit smoking? Train new me early. Had I smoked a cig this morning, and had a beer this afternoon, I would be nicking like a tweaker. But I think because I have not smoked since Friday, the smoke while drinking twinge is much much less profound. I did not drink the first day though. 



I am still pretty sweaty. I was sweaty in the cool mall, and I have my AC cranked at home, so.....NO PANTS!




