New year, new start. Right?

I decided a while ago I was going to quit today. Not that I haven't decided to quit many many times before now. But I was feeling good. I'm preparing for a career change where my fitness matters, I have a new girlfriend who I completely adore and at the age of 30 it just felt like the right day and the right time. I woke up, had my morning coffee and 3 cigarettes and threw away the rest of my pack. Put my nicotine patch on and got on with my day. Had a great time with a good friend, sitting in the sun catching up. 
Then came the time to drive home. It was a 90 minute drive give or take and I knew it was going to be a major hurdle (I am a heavy smoker and I always smoke in the car). But I'd lasted all day, I still had my nicotine patch on and I was feeling motivated. In fact I was surprised how well I was coping. With the exception of one 6 month period a few years ago I haven't ever had any success or motivation to quit. Needless to say the journey home took its toll on me almost immediately. It can't have been more than 10 minutes into the drive when I found myself turning into a petrol station and buying a fresh packet of cigarettes. It felt like a dream. I was so ashamed of myself and yet I continued on as if I had no control over my self. I felt like a zombie. I guess I was a zombie. Before I new it I was home and I had chain smoked nearly the entire pack. In my head I new my girlfriend would be disappointed. I wanted to get as much nicotine into me then and there so I could start from scratch again. The trouble is, if I keep this up, I know I will never quit. I sat in my car for quite some time before I got out, reflecting on everything that had just happened and trying to figure out how I really felt about it. I know the mantra (I will not puff, not even once), I know how important it is for me to quit, and I know precisely what I am forgoing by continuing to smoke. The trouble is none of that seems to be enough motivation for me to finally bite the bullet and quit this nasty habit. 
Still sitting in my car I remembered this subreddit. I know that having someone hold you accountable is a huge motivation for success but signing up to a quit program and speaking to a stranger paid or otherwise has always seemed a little humiliating. I want to be stronger than depending on others even if it is clear to me that when it comes to smoking I'm as weak as they come. I've decided to humble myself (to a degree) and post here as often as possible, hopefully daily. Through failure or success. I love Reddit, it is a glorious waste of time but I have never posted anything before. I am hoping that by posting here regularly I will hold myself accountable. I am not expecting to receive any sympathy or encouragement from others even if that may come. I am just going to use this subreddit, to write down my thoughts, in the full knowledge that you can all see it. If I mess up you will know how pathetic I am and if I succeed you may bask in my glory. Perhaps, that is the motivation that I need. To be judged by strangers?

I have broken all my remaining cigarettes in a gesture of utter frustration and thrown them away. Tomorrow is going to be incredibly difficult as I am back to work where everyone smokes. I can't say for sure if I will succeed, but I really really want to... And knowing that you will all be able to see if I have or not with my next update will hopefully motivate me enough not to let myself down.

Happy New Year?