My whole perspective has changed

Guys, I lived for cigarettes for 18 years. Nonstop pack a day "loved them" blah blah blah. Needed many attempts at quitting, all different methods, all were valuable and helped me get to where I am now- cold turkey, never going back. Yay! But here's my point. It may sound stupid but I needed to really understand that smoking should not or ever should have even been an option for a human being. We are NOT supposed to smoke, our bodies are not made for it and its not like saying you do or you don't like candy or tomatoes or the color blue. It should never have been an option. Our natural human state is perfect as it is- as a non smoker!! Ok so here's the epiphany- why the fuck do I see all these silly humans putting these things in their mouths and lighting them up? Why is it even an option for us? I sat on the sidelines of this concert with smokers all around me and all I saw was a multi billion dollar industry. Nothing but billions of dollars to trick people into becoming addicted to a product that literally burns away in 6 minutes and that you will never get enough of. It makes me sad. And I'm sad I fell for it for sooo long. I really didn't get it. I hope I'm making sense here to help someone in return because this sub has been fantastic for me. It's like I'm awake now. To sum it up: don't miss it don't think about it and when you do, remember it is not natural and should never have been introduced to your body in that way to begin with. You must get it out. It would be different perhaps if cigarettes were just tobacco. Tobacco exists and you can roll one up and have one every now and again. But many years ago someone realized what a money maker this was and packaged them up all neat and sooo plentiful for us and made sure they were sold everywhere!! This is the great blanket over our eyes. Smoking is smoking but smoking 20+ a day every day is not "smoking" anymore it's pure addiction, slavery, suicide. And they don't care if you die. I see smokers as people who haven't woken up yet to this trick. Most of us think we are rebels, badasses, non conformists. Ha!! We were being taken for a ride by the biggest, dumbest, most corporate evil there is. No more!!!!! :) It felt good. Zero temptation. I'm awake. 