I Tried to Like it.

I actually tried hard to enjoy a cigarette after 42 days and 22 hours quit. I put it out after 3 or 4 drags. I just didn't enjoy anything about it. My brain was happy for the nicotine, but everything else about it was either actively crappy, or just meh. So I put it out.

And I've had a bitch of a headache since 2 hours after smoking it. 

**Success!**

It's finally over.  

I smoked for 15 years. I've *mostly* wanted to quit the last few years, but my SO smoked too, and it was hard to get him to quit. 

He is 41 days quit. (He had a puff on day 39, and didn't like it.)

The key for me:  Framing it differently and taking enjoyment from control. 

There was no perfect time to quit. The perfect time is always immediately. There's no better time. 

It's really just one seriously crappy month of withdrawals. Big deal. I have done harder things in my life. The gains from making it through that one crappy month are massive - financially, physically, and psychologically. 

Quitting smoking is literally just not doing something. All I really had to do was not put a cigarette in my mouth. In a world where I wish I had some control, it was empowering to take control over this aspect of my life. 

And ya know what?

The first month *was* really crappy. I had to do all kinds of things to boost my dopamine level. I was very afraid I would need to go back on anti-depressants. I had lots of cravings and my brain tried to trick me plenty. It sucked. But I stayed positive about it. 

By week 6 it's a completely different story. I almost never have cravings, and it's easy to recognize that's not what I actually want. Maybe I'm stressed and need to take a few deep breaths. Maybe I need to eat something. Maybe I need to take a walk. 

I kept my pack of cigarettes close to me - 19 in the pack until I took one out today.

So it helps that I actively said no to a cigarette hundreds of times, and when I did try one, it was old and stale. 

And now I know I am done. I'm not curious if I would enjoy it. 

I know I won't.

And I'm past the withdrawals. 

And I couldn't be happier about it or more proud of myself for finally taking control of my addiction. 


Edit: Wow! Guys, this is supposed to be a support sub. I'm sharing my success. This was a huge step forward for me. I'm sorry if you're salty because our methods differ, but take it somewhere else. I'm here to share and celebrate what is, for me, an extraordinary success. I'm not here for lectures and recriminations. If someone came in and said, "I slipped up," you'd be encouraging them. I come in and say, "I purposefully tested something about my own state of being because I needed to know, and I'm pleased to report the desired outcome," and I get treated like an enemy of the state. 

The headline is that I didn't like it, so now when I go visit my family who smoke, or go on vacation with friends who smoke, I don't have to worry that I'll join them in smoking. I also know I won't smoke if I'm stressed. There's no point. My body is not interested, so I won't be tempted. That's how I work. And I know my mind better than you know it! People pay good money and deal with drug side effects for these kinds of results. Take your negativity elsewhere.


