Quit smoking last Friday via Chantix

I played paintball with my son a month ago and got winded for the first time, at that point I said I was done, I'm making a plan with my doctor and I'm over this crap.
Last Friday was my quit date and so far I feel good!
My timeline/stats
Smoked for 33 years. From a pack a week to a pack a day. Marlboro ultra lights 72's.

June 28, started Chantix and halved my smoking.
Sometime between June 30 and July 2nd, it got to the point where I couldn't smoke an entire cigarette. I was smoking more but only taking two puffs off each. - physical dependency/something to do.
  
July 1, meditation ring arrives - it's a little ring that spins, hoping that helps with the something to do with my finger.
  
July 4th, first full dosage of Chantix, switched to Capri's, smoking about 4 a day a few puffs.
  
July 6th, start getting physically sick each time I smoke, even a puff. Feel like I'm going to vomit and have a horrible aftertaste that is only removed with mouthwash. Down to three smokes with 3-4 puffs a day. Start developing cold sores, wtf, I never had a cold sore before and now I have 3 or 4.
  
July 7-8 forgot to make doctor appointment for follow up and don't take Chantix for two days. Cravings seem to be higher but the same nausea washes over me when I smoke. July 8th, I smoke almost a pack of Capris and buy what was my last unfinished pack.
  
July 9, back on Chantix, cravings have subsided, bought 5 bags of pretzel rods, they go with me everywhere now.
  
July 10, it just happened, I went for my wake up cig and had zero urge in fact I was a bit put off by the notion of even smoking. My official quit day was set to July 12 but I think let's see how long I go before I crave, I still have a solid July 12 quit date so if I slip, no harm no foul. I give my wife my cigs and say keep jic.
  
It's now day five, and loving it!
  
Downsides - only downside other than very mild craves so far is Chantix is evil on my stomach. I get horrific cramps for two hours after I take it and overall feel nauseous until it subsides. Emotion wise, it's nothing like when I tried Wellbutrin. Not only did I never really quit completely on Wellbutrin but it made me angry and violent.
  
edit: formatting