100 Days Smoke Free!

I started smoking socially when I was 17 (when a boy I liked asked me if I wanted to and I desperately wanted to seem cool). At 21, in the beginning of my senior year in college, the stress got to me and I became a regular smoker, gradually increasing the amount I smoked until I was taking multiple smoke breaks throughout the work day. 

Every time I would go visit my parents, my mom would smell the cigarettes on me and I was running out of excuses as to why I smelled like that. Eventually, she caught on and I admitted that I was smoking. The irony being years earlier my mom was a heavy smoker. I came home one day around age 12 and told her I wouldn't speak to her until she quit smoking. 

Multiple times I tried quitting and multiple times I failed. I would make excuses not to quit just yet like "Oh well I'm having a party next month and I know I'll get drunk and end up smoking so I'll just quit after that." Every time I was trying to quit for someone else instead of for myself. I really didn't want to quit, someone else wanted me to.  

What finally did it for me was 2 things. 
1. The cost. I live in NYC and was paying around $13/ pack almost 3x a week. That money could be going to such better things. 
2. The smell. Everything smelled like cigarettes all the time. My car, my clothes, my coats especially. I was dying to get a faux fur coat but I knew it would just absorb the smell. 

Of course my health was always a factor in the back of my mind, but those are really the 2 reasons that I was finally able to quit and make it stick. 

The following weeks after quitting were some of the most stressful I've had. I got into a (minor) car accident in which the other person lied to the cops. My favorite bar that my friends and I attended weekly for game nights and to hang with the performers and bartenders that become our friends closed with almost no warning. I, of course, got quitters flu badly. Problems at work were some of the worst I've had to deal with. I was stressed and angry and irratable ALL the time. I nearly ran someone down in the Trader Joe's parking lot for stealing a spot I had been waiting for.  But somehow, I made it through. And I know now that if I could make it through all of that, I would be ok. 

So here I am, at 26 years old, 100 day smoke free. I still have cravings, especially when I'm out at a bar or drinking. But I feel so much better! My heart rate has gone down. It's easier to breathe. I smell so much better. And I look fabulous in my new faux fur coat. 

Edited to add: Thank you to r/stopsmoking I really couldn't have done it without this subreddit. Everytime I was feeling like I couldn't do it, I came here and read all of the posts and pushed through. 