Day 170, $1,000 not spent, 3,400 cigarettes not smoked, and sudden cravings. WTH?

I quit at the beginning of December.  I vaped for about 4 weeks, then quit that too.  At 6 weeks in, I went through some intense cravings that I believe were "extinction bursts," which is something I learned about after doing some research during that time.  Once they finally passed I had no cravings from then (mid February, I think) until now.  For the last 3-4 days, I've had pretty intense cravings.  I'm talking jaw-clenching, gum-chomping, white-knuckling urges to smoke.  Several times I've slowed down when passing a gas station, and tonight I actually loaded my kids up in the car and drove to the store with every intention of buying a pack, but when I started to walk in and saw the familiar old man who works the night shift behind the counter, it just hit me what all I was about to bring back into my life.  Late night runs to gas stations.  Coughing and wheezing.  That burning in the throat.  The sinus pressure.  The odor and the filth and all the work of hiding it and accommodating it.  Spending absurd amounts of money $5-7 at a time (not counting the other stuff I bought along with cigs, like gum, etc).  I also thought about how as a single parent with an ex-husband who's not in great health, I might be all my kids have one day sooner rather than later, and part of the reason I quit to begin with was because I want to do whatever I can to make sure they don't lose me a day too early.  So I walked into the gas station, picked up a Hershey bar, a Coke Zero, 2 packs of Big Red chewing gum, and a pack of Wintergreen chewing gum.  I'm chewing the hell out of this Big Red and feel like I'm on the verge of a relapse.  

I don't understand it.  A friend of mine who quit a few months before I did (but continued to vape) just started back while she was dealing with a breakup.  For some reason that tempted me.  I haven't even seen her smoke but she told me she started again.  Recently I hung out with some other friends, all of whom were smoking, and there was definitely some secondhand smoke in my face.  The only thing I can think of is maybe I reactivated my nicotine receptors that night somehow.  I'm in agony here.  

It's also worth mentioning that I'm in a period of intense stress.  Divorce and a lot of life shit.  I was in the ER two nights ago with a suspected heart attack that turned out to be anxiety.  So life's not being nice right now and in a way I feel like I should at least be able to smoke.  I just don't want the consequences, and I don't want to go through the quit again.  

Someone encourage me?