It will eventually stop sucking. Here's the gist of my experience.

I quit in mid-December.  I don't remember the date, but it was 101 days ago now.  I read this subreddit a lot during the first two months, and found it helpful to read about what other people were experiencing.  People have success and failures, and reading about both made me think it really comes down to whether you're willing to endure the temporary suffering when it gets super duper shitty, which it will.

I vaped lightly for four weeks, but I didn't really like it.  It just sorta took the edge off.  It was helpful to me because it let me get rid of the HABIT part of smoking before I completely dealt with the physical addiction.  I was using a lower dose of nic than what I smoked regularly and I wasn't using it often.  After the first month, I stopped that too.  I didn't step down doses or whatever.  I just got sick of it and left it at home one day and didn't go back to get it, and once I made it through that first day I knew I could keep going.

I did go through some mild withdrawals when I quit cigarettes, then again when I quit the vape, but nothing intolerable.  Then at around day 80 I was overcome with intense cravings, lots of them, constantly, every day for well over a week.  It was horrible and I didn't think I was going to make it.  I slowed down every time I passed a gas station and debated it.  I nearly bummed one off a friend a time or two.  I just kept driving past the gas station, and just decided to wait a few more minutes when I was tempted to ask a friend for one.  This lasted for about 10 days.  Finally I made a post here asking why I was suddenly having such a hard time.  It seemed weird to me that I was having so much difficulty at 80-90 days in.  Someone mentioned "extinction burst" and I looked it up.  That seemed like exactly what I was going through, and knowing it was basically my brain dealing with the death throes of my nicotine addiction really got me through the next couple of days.  Then it stopped.  That's it.  It just stopped.  I don't know when, I just realized a few days later that I hadn't felt any discomfort or cravings in a few days.  I haven't felt one in 8-10 days, at all.  Not even a twinge.  I'm actually free.  Not "hanging in there and suffering through cravings but golly at least my lungs feel better" free, but actually free from the burden of it.  At least for now.  I'll always know I can't take one puff, no matter what.  

Hang on.  Don't smoke no matter what.  It's worth whatever cravings you have to endure.  I've saved well over $500 and my health seems much better after only 101 days.  I smell better, things taste better, and I don't have the shame and guilt and stress that I spent so many years carrying around.  

Thank you to everyone in this sub who's quit, quitting, or wants to quit and is sharing their experiences.  You helped me and you still help me.  