Day 21. BAD DAY with my son. A healthy fear is helpful.

Today I had a horrible day.  I haven’t really had cravings since quitting (I am also on Wellbutrin- but have been on it for a few years and smoked the whole time so not sure if that’s why.).  The day I quit, I almost caved that night. In fact I was walking to the car to go get smokes and I was looking at Reddit.  I saw a post about cigarettes and cancer.  It stopped me in my tracks.  Not that it was news to me- it was just a reality check. The timing was perfect. I turned around and didn’t go get those cigs and I haven’t smoked since. 

Then—
Today was by far the most awful day I’ve had in a long time.  I had a major parenting fail with my son and had to postpone an appointment with a huge client. It was very embarrassing and I was angry.  The thought of smoking crossed my mind several times today, and I can honestly say that hasn’t happened much during this quit, but definitely not since the first week.  I guess it’s just a crutch or something I want to reach for when I feel intense emotions, or maybe when things are going so badly I just self sabotage— I don’t know.  Well I didn’t smoke.  But something strange happened.  I got a text from a friend asking if I happened to be near her place of work. (I run around a lot for my job so you never know where I may be.)  I wasn’t too far and she asked if I could swing by.  I did.  My friend works at a *cancer treatment center* and told me to just pull to the drop off area and text her. She came out and gave me a little card she had painted for me with a cute quote on it.  Said she just thought of me.  It was wonderful timing as I was on the verge of tears a lot of the day today.  Plus... CANCER CENTER???  Hello!?   I had never been to her place of work before and she just calls me out of the blue on the one day I’m struggling?  I sat there chatting with her for a few minutes and saw a couple of patients going in.  It was easy to tell who the patient was in the group and none of them were very old.  It just did even more to reinforce my commitment to healthy choices.  And I’m also convinced of a Power Greater Than Me— the universe, God, whatever— that sometimes works to my benefit.  Amazing.  I’ve been somewhat of a closet smoker but this friend knew.  I haven’t said anything about my quit to anyone either.  Today I decided to brag a little and told her I hadn’t smoked for 20 days.  I don’t think she knew that she had just really helped me, but she did.  

Not one puff ever.  I’m so grateful to be free of nicotine.  