My experience with Quitting and weird withdrawal symptopms

I'd like to preface this post with one important statement: I am an idiot. I am weak willed and silly. Oh and also smoking is an awful awful habit. 

Okay now on to the post itself. 

About two years ago now I decided I was done with smoking. I'd smoked pretty heavily for about 7 years or so and decided it was time for a change. I smoked through Christmas and then stopped at New Years. After a week of nothing things seemed to be going pretty well. It didn't seem that bad. Sure I really wanted a cigarette but I could definitely definitely handle this. Then Sunday came and I went to bed as normal ready for the next day at work, and didn't sleep. At all. 

I "woke up", (or got out of bed when the sun rose at least) confused and disoriented. I took the day off work and blamed the last night on a late cup of coffee. Yet the same thing happened on Monday night too. I was shitting myself, up all night crying my eyes out not having a clue why I could not get to sleep. I can't remember exactly what other days were bad that week. I obviously got some nights of rest. I know for a fact the next Sunday was bad. I know for a fact I got basically no sleep for the first 6 Sundays of 2013. 

Of course with the insomnia came the associated other symptoms. Essentially I felt like shit. I was depressed as fuck although I think the technical term is probably "anxiety". I was constantly worried about the next nights sleep even after 2 or maybe 3 nights of fantastic rest. I was living with my parents at the time (work convenience) and I remember going to the snooker after a particularly bad night. I was a wreck and by the time I got home I could not hold back floods of tears.

I don't think I've ever cried more in my entire life. I would struggle through days of work holding back tears only to cry on the walk from the tube station and my house. I'd cry when I got in to my parents. I'd cry on the phone to my girlfriend. 

After 2 months or so of this I finally ended up seeing professional help. I went to a fantastic NHS provided mental health professional (seriously - really really want to praise the NHS here for how they handled this). Mostly though I got through it all with the help of my parents, my girlfriend and every other friend I had around me. It took a long time but as Spring turned into Summer and eventually as temperatures began to drop again I began to feel "okay". I'd still worry about sleep but still sleep fine. When I did have a bad night sleep and grit my teeth and just roll through it knowing that in the grand scheme of things I was going to be okay.

And this now brings me on to the second half of my story. When things are bad you know that you never ever want to smoke again. You can't dream of doing something that might make you feel this shit again. Yet as Summer eventually turned to Autumn and Autumn began to turn to Winter I began to forget how bad the beginning of 2013 had really been. I slipped a bit. I had a few cigarettes around Christmas time.....and of course by New Years I was having the odd bad night again.

I stopped again and slowly but surely as 2014 has proceeded I've snuck in the odd cigarette. After a particularly bad weekend at a festival of heavy smoking I, of course, come home to another bout of bad nights sleep.

And here I am sitting at my computer nearly 2 years after I told myself I was going to quit. After another spell of smoking in clubs and poncing of mates and of course I didn't sleep at all last night or the Sunday just gone. I feel like shit and have already cried today. 

I'm weak and I am stupid but I AM DONE. This post is just a rant. Something I wanted to get of my chest and something that, yes, mostly highlights a weakness in my willpower. I'm fully aware that these symptoms are probably not the most common of withdrawal symptoms but they seem to be intrinsically linked to my smoking habits. 

I am saying this once and for all. I am not smoking again and now I have this post to constantly remind me how shit the quitting makes me feel.

Anyway thanks for reading and sorry for the massive rant this was!!

TLDR: Quitting smoking gave me debilitating insomnia yet every so often I go back for more. I can not ever smoke again!! 