How I am at 2 weeks although I never succeeded more than one week the 20 times I tried before

So here is how I am now at 2 weeks. This might not work for everyone, but I think it might help some people to know how I went from 30 cigs a day to 0: 

A. Good reason:

I think the reasons for failing in the past was that I didn't have a really important reason for stopping. I told myself that I actually liked smoking and I have a lot of friends smoking. If you can't imagine yourself being a non-smoker all of the rest of your life, you have lost in advance. 
What changed was that I will become a father. Just imagining my future baby girl getting my smoke stink every time I hug her is a huge motivation to quit. 

B. Stopped alcohol at the same time:

We liked to have a nice evening with wine and friends.
As my wife is pregnant, she drinks no alcohol. I stopped as well and told myself to do an alcohol fasting for the first month of stopping to smoke. After beer or red wine I always craved a cigarette and this was one of the situations in the past trials where I cracked. Without alcohol it is much easier to stop (for me). Also: sometimes I drink nevertheless and it is actually easier to say: you cracked already with alcohol, don't do it with cigarettes as well.

C. NRT (nicotine replacement):

I use patches. This should not be a brand advert, but Nicotinell (the brand we have here in Switzerland) works well for me. 
In the past I got really short of patience, and this was one reason why I was afraid to stop (impact on job etc.). With the patches I feel "normal" instead of "on withdrawal" and have only 1-3 cravings a day. It is helping me to dissociate my habit of smoking from the addiction to nicotine. It is expensive, but still less expensive for me than smoking 30 cigs a day. The program with those patches is to have 3 weeks a strong patch, 3 weeks medium, and 3 weeks light. They don't feel healthy as they get me some skin rashes where I apply them but I prefer this to craving or restarting smoking. Looking forward to loosing them and I hope the stopping continues to be as easy peasy after I removed the last one. 

D. App to gamefy:

I have a nice app (Android, Smoke Free, by david crane) which didn't stop me from smoking in the past but is great to see your achievements (i.e. I saved 116 $ in the last 2 weeks despite spending 5$ a day on the nicotine patches)

E. Don't despair when cracking:

One Friday evening I smoked 2 cigarettes with friends. This is really stupid, but even dumber would have been to buy a pack the next day. Do REALLY not smoke. If you do however, don't tell yourself that you have failed, but just continue to not smoke the next day
