How I stopped smoking, for good

I don't think I've shared this here, but I thought it may (hopefully) help. Some may get a laugh about it, anyway. 


About a month after I quit, I went out drinking with some friends. I could smell smoke on one of the guys, so I begged him for a cigarette for the ride home. He gave me one, and anyone that has been smoke free for a few weeks and relapses knows how rancid that taste can be. 


So there I was, taking little mini-puffs and blowing it out the window on the 7 minute ride home because it was too nasty to inhale fully. About 5 minutes after I got home, I was so sick. So very sick. Boyfriend was holding my hair while I violently heaved into the toilet. You know what overpowered the taste of vomit & bile? That f'ing cigarette. I know it was probably the alcohol that caused me to be so sick, but I will forever think of the cigarette taste and being sick at the same time. 


For weeks afterward, I couldn't even walk by a stamped out cigarette on the sidewalk without that olfactory sense coming back to me, and I would have to start thinking of something else, singing, whatever, to get the nausea to go away. I couldn't even look at a pack of cigarettes without that feeling. I could swear that I could smell them. 


Something like that never really goes away. Its been over a year now since that incident. A couple months ago I was out having drinks with friends, and one of them stepped out to smoke. I don't know how many he smoked but when he came back in and stood behind me & my boyfriend, he smelled like he smoked five cigarettes. I smelled him before I even saw him. Boyfriend said all the color drained from my face as I headed to the bathroom. The night was over...I couldn't recover.


I hate to be one of those "ex-smokers", but it's real, and I don't think it'll ever go away. I still get the occasional mild craving, but it only lasts for maybe 5 seconds because my mind goes back to that night. 


So, not saying everyone should go out and get sick off a cigarette, and not saying I hope this happens to you, but I do hope something LIKE this happens to you. Good luck quitters!


tl;dr: Got violently sick off a cigarette. Can't stand to think about them now. 