Some thoughts from a young quitter

I quit smoking yesterday. It's weird, because I'm not sure I've ever said out loud that I'm a smoker. I am writing this post to tell my story and to do something with my hands on my second day of not smoking :P 

I have only been smoking daily for the past nine months. Prior to that time, I would smoke occasionally on weekends at parties or bars. However, it was usually just one or two and not even every weekend. I called myself a "social smoker." This was for the last two-and-a-half years of college. 

I received my undergraduate degree last year, and I also got an internship in Germany starting last August (I'm an American, age 23). Unfortunately, there are a lot more smokers in Europe than in the U.S., and the stigma is not as prevalent. To deal with culture shock and stress, I began having one cig a day. Sometimes I would skip a day and not really think about it. However, due to the stress of applying for visa extensions and just general life issues, it escalated to about half a pack a day. 

Until recently, I had little to no desire to quit. I had lurked here, but I thought I wasn't ready. What changed for me was Saturday night - I smoked almost an entire pack of cigarettes while I was at the club with friends. Now, many of my friends here are smokers, and a pack a day is pretty normal for them. But I smoked that much in less than 12 hours, and I woke up with the worst headache I have experienced in a while. It was not an alcohol hangover - I know what that feels like. It was most certainly a cigarette binge hangover. 

I think when a smoker is in their first year, they don't even think about why it's disgusting or they just don't have any desire to stop. I'm trying to change that for myself and mold the best version of me to set an example for others. I realize that because smoking is a newer thing for me, it's easier to do this than it is for many of you, and that's why I'm doing it now. I commend those of you who are choosing to let go after several years or decades. I read your stories, and they make me think: I don't want to struggle with quitting even more than I am now.

There is nothing that makes cigarettes worth it for me. It makes me lethargic and lazy. I can't breathe or sing like I used to. I hate the way it makes my hair smell. My skin has never been worse. I feel like a more disgusting person because of it. If my friends and family from the U.S. saw me now (pretty much all of them non-smokers), they would be appalled. 

Now, I can be perfectly honest with myself and others about being a non-smoker. If you're reading this and you're wondering, "Am I ready?" I can tell you that I've never and will never have more reason to quit, and I've only been smoking for 9 months. The best time is now.

Edit: screwed up my flair. I've only got one day under my belt ;) Just resubmitted