11 Years free. Don't stop stopping.

I had a dream last night which included me smoking a cigarette. I woke up in a cold panic, dreading that it was true. Fortunately it wasn't. I'm still smoke free. The curious paradox is that I can remember feeling that same dread and sense of panic when I was trying to stop. Stopping filled me with dread and fear. I couldn't understand why. Then someone asked me if I could remember a time when I didn't smoke and if I felt any stress or panic at the prospect of not being able to have a cigarette. Of course not. No, he said. It's just an illusion.
That got me started. 
I read every book and magazine and piece of literature that claimed to be able to help me stop smoking. Bit by bit I created my own theories and started to apply them to myself. If you are in the process of stopping yourself your greatest weapon is knowledge. I read Allen Carr's Easyway and it certainly helped. I read loads of books. Some good. Some bad. I don't think Cosmic Ordering helped me much. But it might help you. No two people will ever find the same way to stop. You have to find what works for YOU. 
I started to create my own theories around what I had begun to call The Smoking Illusion. I believed that smoking was tricking me, and I set about to dismantle the illusion in my head. I fell out of love with smoking while I still smoked. I've been free for 11 years.
I tried to encourage other smokers to follow my lead and see the illusion for what it was but I always came up against the power of the cigarette and it always won. I didn't want to be accused of being "that kind of ex-smoker," so I stopped trying. It was no business of mine if people smoked. 
In 2014 my mum was diagnosed with a rare form of cancer, cancer of the Oesophagus, and passed away just over 80 days later. She had been a smoker most of her life and had stopped almost a decade before. Smoking is the single biggest factor in cases of cancer of the Oesophagus and yet it is almost 90% preventable. Sadly it almost always manifests itself too late. Only 12% of patients survive more than 10 years. I realised then that smoking was still my problem. He's everyone's problem. Smoking is the single biggest tragedy to befall mankind in recent times.
Stopping smoking is the best thing you can do for yourself. Ever. Congratulations to everyone who is pulling themselves free from smoking. I know it's hard and often depressing. It doesn't stay that way. One day you will wake up in the morning and thank yourself for getting out of the smoking trap. 
For those that are interested I did write my theories down, at last, and it's available on Amazon Kindle. It's as cheap as I can offer it!!
If you want a free peak, no obligation, you can get it on my webpage www.thesmokingillusion.com 

Or just ask me questions on here. Happy to help. 

My book's here http://www.amazon.co.uk/dp/B01BX9NEFO

And in the USA http://www.amazon.com/dp/B01BX9NEFO

