Tips on getting through quitting?

Alright, first I really hope I won't be judged for this;


For about 4-5 months I have been smoking, it first started off as a "ok, I know this is bad but you are feeling bad and just try it it makes me feel better" from a friend. I am 14, I should have not lit that cigarette. I did it anyways, I hated it at first but my friend reassured me that I would like it after a few more cigs. They were my ride home, and I don't have a cell phone so I just went with it. I started to like it after a little while, and then it became necessary.


By new years, I was smoking 3-4 packs a day. It was one cig after another, and I would even wake up in the middle of the night to go smoke. I am not sure how my mom and dad haven't smelt it yet. I was smoking so much.


Yesterday night a group of very good friends (3-4 years of friendship) facebook messaged me at around 3AM, they told me to go meet them at the park because there was something wrong that they needed to talk to me about. I was very pissed off because I hate sneaking out, and THEY KNOW THIS, but I went with it and grabbed a few packs and started walking (of course I was smoking.) I arrive there, and literally all of my friends are there. This is about a group of 20 people, at 3AM. I was very startled of course, but my best friend came up to me and started about how my smoking was really getting out of hand and that I needed to stop. Everyone was talking to me about how its bad and stuff and it was hoRRIBLE. Long story short we got in a fight and I was pinned and they stomped on my cigs. And when I got home my best friend went with me and threw the rest out also.


I decided this was a good stopping point, but I already feel horrible without it. Its been 4 hours, and I usually dont go without smoking this long unless im around my parents. I really want to quit, I like my lungs. I just don't know how, and I know if my parents find out I will probably be killed because they are super strict. I feel like a horrible kid and it may show me off as one, but I really am not. I just have problems, really really bad problems. I do well in school, and I practice violin about 6-7 hours a day - I just smoke a lot and sometimes sneak out. I don't really do anything other then smoke and drink. I just don't know how to deal with my problems, and I would really enjoy some tips (if you want to...) to help me stop smoking and to stay that way.


TL;DR - 14 years old, smoked 3-4 packs a day, friends destroyed cigs, decided it was time to quit, I don't know how and I really need some tips. 


Thanks in advanced.