Finally quit smoking and vaping my methodson after 14 years.

I have smoked cigarettes for 12 years and I also caped for 2 years. I am going to tell you my story on how I have gone 5 days without a cigarette and vaping. I only normally smoke cigarettes when I am stressed or drinking but all the other time I just vape. 

The strength of the nicotine when I vaped was 6mg and the cigarettes were b&have gold. Here's how I made it so far I had 2 days hoilday from work so Monday I was up early at 6 I smoked 20 cigaretteso cause I find them easier to quit than vaping. By 8 at night I had no ciggerettes left so I started to vape. I was vaping for at least 1 hour knowing it would be the last time I would smoke. I went to bed at 10 and woke up at 9 next morning, I usely vape as soon as a wake but I didn't put it on charge in the nighttime so no battery.

 I lay in bed for 3 hours just watching television. By 12 I wanted to vape so I tried to sleep through it. I just lied in bed for 2 hours trying to sleep. It's around 2 in the afternoon on Tuesday now and I am biting my finger nails like crazy and paying up and down in my kitchen saying I need to do this I only have 7 more hours left and I have made it to a day. 

Drinking black coffee really helped me also chewing gum. Live with smokers by around 6pm on Tuesday I was smelling the ash tray , it sounds crazy but it smelled good. I must of drank 2 black coffee an hour every hour until late I went to bed at 9. Time went so slow from 2pm till 9 but I was thinking just one more hour and you have made it 24 hours. Belive it or not the first day of quiting smoking is really easy compared to the second.

 I woke up in the morning felling not to bad proud that I had made it 24 hrs still drinking black coffee and chewing gum, regular gum not nicotine gum. It wasn't until 36 hours of my last vape and smoke that I started to get a head ache. I felt really shut but I knew it was a good feeling cause the nicotine is going out of my system. The headache wasnt painful but I felt it, had this for 2 hours. 

Then I started to get ear ache I can only describe it of swimming to the bottom of a swimming pool this wasn't painful just really uncomfortable. This time I wanted to smoke but I didn't need to smoke I now knew the problem was in my head.I made it to the 2nd day. 3 day no headaches or early ache noticed if I put my tongue at the back of my throat it feels smoother. 

I had made it didn't want to smoke or felt that I needed to, but when my partner smokes I did inhale some second hand smoke, it smelled so good all the  was thinking you are so lucky to smoke. I wanted to smoke but theven decide I just done 3 day I am not going to be beaten and I don't want amother head ache if I quit again. So made a black coffee and was pacing in the kitchen chewing on gum. 4 day no withdrawal  symptoms only my hands seem they want to stay occupied so playing with an elastic band when have cravings. 

I made it all day on 4th day with out a craving. Then at night I really really wanted to smoke. So I decide if I am going to smoke I am going to by 10 but I will have to walk to the shop which is 15 minutes away instead of one which is 2 minutes away. Didn't by ciggerettes from the shop I was so proud of my self. If I would of drove I would of brought ciggerettes but walking for 15mintues you have time to think. It's 10.40 on day 4 all I can think about is smoking pacing up and down in my home wanting to smoke. 

So I decided to go for a walk at night only for 30 minutes it did the trick took my ming off ciggerettes I was chewing gum at the time but I feel good now. I am currently on day 5 and I don't feel the need to smoke or vape again. I feel like a new man. I hope my methods will help you if you want to quit.