how i changed my habits so far

Hey there, I just wanted to share a pretty simple thought that changed it all for me.
I didn't smoke for over 6 months now and lost any urge to do so after like 2 weeks after quitting.
Also I fixed my daily routine quite a lot, like only playing video games in company and only drinking alcohol in company and
on "reasonable occasions" (both for over 12 months now).
I know it's not a new discovery and may lack scientific correctness, 
but any thought can trigger the domino effect, so:


On my way to change my bad habits, I came across the question

"Why do I not change my bad habits, even though I am aware of them, they do harm and have (almost) no benefits?"

When asked, people mostly told me that I'm just addicted to specific activities and I had to work on that.

But I came to the solution that I followed a concept of "Happiness", which wasn't the right one for me.

My whole life I was just trying to do things to get as much rushes of pleasure as possible.
As a result I spent my whole time pursuing activities to achieve those rushes (Smoking, Sex, Drinking,
Gaming, etc.). The more time I spent on those, the more difficulties I had and the more time
I had to invest to achieve the next rush of pleasure.

It took me a while to realize that those "rushes of pleasure" are actually not really achieveable, that they are not
the core of happiness and why they even exist. They are just for rewarding habits that keep you or your
species alive. For example "Sex" or "having an orgasm" feels so good, that you want to do it again, so
after a  while you'll get pregnant and ensure the continuation of the species.

So the problem for me is acutally not that substances like cigarettes or alcohol abuse my reward system, it's my fixation
on the reward system in general.

Through evolution and change we are now able to act way better or more efficient to ensure our health and continuation of our
species (by tools or usage of our knowledge)(e.g. not eating just food that has lots of calories and fat, but eating food that
has enough calories and is healthy at the same time).

I'm not saying that every impulse, instinct or urge can or should be suppressed. 
But you need to understand and control them.