Familiar Territory - An expository writing**

This here. This is familiar territory. Well-mapped and well-traveled. I've been here before.


It's Day 1 and it's the hardest and the easiest. I've done it before. I've made it past it tens, maybe hundreds of times. I'll make it through this one to.  It will be a breeze and I'll start to  wonder just why it is I've never quit and stayed that way. It will be hopeful and encouraging and energizing.

Day 2 will arrive and the cravings will be a little more intense.  I've been there too.  Almost as many times as I've been at Day 1.  That hopefulness of yesterday will be somewhat diminished when I catch a glimpse of a fellow commuter or character on TV taking a nice, long, deep drag. But I'll shake my head and divert my eyes and vow that this has only further steeled my resolve. I'll mentally run through all the horrid things I hate about the habit and take a deep breath but really my resolve will have cracked just a tiny bit. A tiny crack, almost imperceptible.  But a crack, nonetheless.


Day 3 comes and a fresh wave of hope will arrive on its heels.  I'll swear I can taste better now.  I'll swear things smell so much better.  (And sometimes worse, I'll playfully jest.) I'll probably even take a deep, expansive breath as proof that I'm really feeling so much better with out a cigarette.  But in my head the worst of it is just beginning.  My brain will have started playing at betrayal and mutiny.  

"Everyone's allowed a little slip," my mind will whisper.  It will even insert in a certain level of passive aggressiveness. "Tomorrow is a new day with a new chance. What a wonderful feeling to know that you can have one and then quit. If you mess up and have just one, that's all you'll need.  One final hurrah before you put it away forever." That voice will try to justify it, minimize it, make it ok to be a smoker. Day 3 will find me able to ignore that voice.  I'll likely find the strength to do it on Day 4 and Day 5. Each moment of turning away, choosing what I know that I want, it will chip away at that willpower of mine. 


But then Day 6 will come.  And by Day 6 those whispers turn to screaming.  Those suggestions & nudges -they turn to demands & violent outbursts. Cravings evolve into uncontrolled,  unfettered, unintelligible ravings of a brain whose very chemistry is painfully shifting. The doubt will wriggle into the cracks in my resolve - cuts and gouges in the notion of why I quit in the first place.  The self-loathing I felt while smoking will reshape itself into a great failure-shaped monster who will loom over every thought, every feeling, every choice I make.

"YOU ARE A FAILURE AT THIS.  YOU ARE A SMOKER.  JUST ACCEPT IT." My own mind will rebel violently, the irrationality a product of my own doing.  After years of feeding it chemicals and allowing it to grow dependent, taking those chemicals away feels like ripping a limb away.  

Outside I might seem a bit snappy, bitier than usual.  But inside is a constant ebb and flow of explanation and addiction. A veritable battle with myself will rage on, the imbalanced chemical cocktail in my brain demanding I make right what I have broken. Logic will try to prevail - it always tries.  

Day 6, 7, 8 will be arguing.  The debates will rage and roil and if the past is indicative of the future, I'll end up hating myself in the parking lot of my favorite convenience store.  I'll end up marching in, under strict protest of course, helpless to myself and confused as to the existential failings under which I'm unable to make my own conscience choices.  It's my body but somehow not my choice.  How does that work? Fuck you chemistry.  Fuck you shitty, uppity 21 year old self who lit up because all her friends did.  Fuck you both for bringing me here, hands shaking as I light up in my car.  I'll end up making a face at that horrible, ashy taste and taking another drag anyway, the heat scorching my throat but my monster shrinking back down to its normal guilt shape.  


**Note - this is not a prediction but a tool for me. Writing it out, hoping others can relate - this is for me.  I know it is awfully dark but I'm hoping that simply owning up to the process of the whole quit cycle will help my expect and adjust accordingly. 
