Hi everyone, I have thirty days today! (And nicotine patch tips)

I posted a couple times in the summer, about how I needed to quit my job in order to quit smoking and that I was using "dip" as a replacement. 
The summer sucked in a lot of ways, but once it ended I gave it another try. It has been VERY tough, not gonna lie, but not because I want to smoke...I don't! Just the expected problems one has when one quits a highly addictive drug which affects the entire body and mind, after being hooked for twenty three years!

I didn't quite go cold turkey, I have been using the patch, but I started on the low dose even though I was a heavy smoker. I've been cutting them into smaller pieces now too. (TIP: If you are going to use the patch, just buy the strongest ones, same price, and cut them up. put them back in the pouch and tape it shut after cutting to keep the adhesive working. Also, it helps to tape them on with a piece of surgical tape...I think the generic brand uses a weaker adhesive).  I believe the patch has been a huge help because unlike the gum/lozenge or a vaporiser, it allows you to break the "up and down" cycle of nicotine levels that is a huge part of smoking. It just provides a background amount so the withdrawal isn't as accute. I've seen people here say that they can't do it because it irritates their skin. It can, this is true...It itches like crazy for the first half hour after you put it on. But once that subsides, you forget it's there at all. If you leave it on at night it provides for wonderfully vivid dreams/nightmares!

Pretty much gave up drinking alcohol at the same time to make it easier...Was a heavy beer drinker, and I have lost over five pounds just from not drinking and eating a little better. I did not quit my job, I told my boss that I was really trying to stop and he gave me a lot of support; all my coworkers I don't allow to smoke in the company truck with me anymore, and I hope I am inspiring some of them to quit too.

Anyway, don't want to waste too much of everyone's time! I was lurking here all summer, it was good motivation to go back and try again, so thank you Reddit Stop Smoking! To anyone struggling with it, you CAN do it! Embrace the suck! 