I want this to the time I actually quit.

Hello all!
I just wanted to share my story and request your support!

I'm 23 years old and I've smoked since age 18. I started out of pure curiosity. I didn't even LIKE it at first, until a friend got me hooked on cloves. I had never gotten bronchitis before in my life, and suddenly I was getting it two time or more times a year. I switched over to regular cigarettes, which suddenly seemed a lot more appealing. 



For a few years now I have not successfully gone more than a week without a cigarette. I have lost count of my lame quitting attempts. I've tried patches, gum, e-cigs and cold turkey. The most successful was cold turkey, but that failed as soon as I was around smokers again. 

I smoke anywhere from 0 cigarettes a day to most of a pack in a day. I can go about three days before I start going mad with craving. I start coming up with loop-holes to the rules I've created for myself.

I'm driving myself crazy. I get sick way too often and I have had a twinge in my chest for years. Doctor said it was just "reactive lungs", but the newest doctor suspects I might have given myself a heart problem. I'm supposed to not smoke for a week and call her back if the pain does not go away (it used to go away after not smoking for about five days).

Ugh...just..ugh. 

So I finally subscribed to this subreddit, and I'm going to get a badge tomorrow. I'm going to pick up this book everyone's been mentioning (you know the one.) I'm also going to have to stop drinking because I cannot control the urge for a cigarette with ANY amount of booze in my system. I'm now subscribed to /r/stopdrinking as well.

No more cigarettes, starting right now. Look--I'm throwing the pack in the trash (after running it under water, so I don't fetch it from the wastebasket.)

Any and all tips, tricks, and encouragement would be more than welcome.

EDIT: skipped words.

UPDATE 7.23.13 8:39 am: So, My official quit day ended up being yesterday. I downloaded the app "Get Rich or Die Smoking" and I love it. You unlock achievements (like a little video game), it keeps track of health stats and money saved, you make a little wishlist of presents for yourself, and it makes a countdown for when you have saved enough money from not smoking to go and get your present. It's pretty cool. I also got a book from Half Price Books about using supplements to help with cravings/reset your brain chemistry/detox. 

I also started my birth control, which means no more smoking unless I want a stroke.

I think I'll make it this time!