Here's my story

Hi guys.

I'm 21, and I started about 3 years ago when I went to campus, though in that first year I didn't smoke as much since I'd often go home.

The habit stuck in the 2nd year since I was living by myself. You know that feeling - "I'm the boss of me." I felt tough, felt "like a man," etc, etc. You know what I'm talking about.

In the 3rd year, I started panicking. Not because of what people would think of me, but because of what I was doing to myself. Well, yeah, there was that self-concious "can they smell it on me?" thought whenever I was in class, but I'm not someone who lives according to what people think, if you know what I mean.

So, about 3 months ago, when I go to visit my uncle (who's been like my dad to me since I was 12), we talk about lots of things. He's very wise, and you can say he's also cunning. He's one of the few people that I'd like to please and who's thoughts of me I honestly care about; I would never want him to know that I smoked.

He beats around the bush by asking lots of questions, I'm unknowingly setting my own trap, and then WHAM! He comes at me with the question "Why are you always chewing on some gum?"

I have to tell him that I smoke.

We're a Christian family, and my faith has gotten me through lots of things. I'm the youth leader at our church (LOL, IKR?), and I was given the post when I was 16, before I got into smoking. So my uncle tells me "If you don't stop, there'll come a time when everybody will see you for who you are. You look sharp and smart on the outside, but on the inside, even with all the grace in the world, you know what you look like. One of the people you're supposed to lead is one day gonna find you smoking. Will you be setting a good example?" He then tells me to go cold turkey, but by that time, I couldn't go a day without 3 fegi's (that's how we call them here).

So I tell him I'll stop. But I was kidding - I had no plans to. Me, my happy self, and my lungs still took themselves to [that public smoking zone I loved](http://avinets.org/wp-content/uploads/2014/05/1366143294-designated-smoking-areas-in-nairobi_1964218.jpg). And I smoked to my heart's delight.

Then the day came, exactly as uncle said. There I was, sucking away, when this guy Joseph (Jose), who I'd been helping out alot, and who (I think) looked up to me, walked in on me there. We stood looking each other in the eye.

Now, I said before that I don't live according to what other people think. But at that moment, I really cared what Jose thought. Get this - I actually thought of how dirty my lungs looked. I started noticing how I smelt, even in the midst of a group of other smoking Nairobians. I looked at my cigarette, and tried to stuff it out. I fumbled.

Jose, who was high at the time, started announcing loudly to everyone in the zone (it can hold about 20) that I'm his pastor in church (I'm not, but I guess he used to regard me that highly). All eyes were on me. And I mean mega-scale, world-stopping, 2pac-style ALL EYES ON ME!

I left.

I've not seen Jose since.

And since then, I've only touched one fegi (that was around a month ago).

Apart from having a hoarser voice, I'd say I've gone back to my pre-smoking self. I got back into running (12km every morning, you're welcome to join me on Adidas miCoach!). I have no cravings at all. I can talk with my family without getting scared. I like how I can climb any number of stairs without losing my breath.

I guess everything my uncle said really did happen - I'm doing it cold turkey.