Cold turkey is not for everyone.

So it has been a little over a month since I have quit cigarettes, and I would just like to mention couple of things from my experience so far.

First, I am a university student, smoked for about 5 years, (started smoking cigarettes in uni). 

I have decided to do cold-turkey, and completely neglect nicotine altogether. So my withdrawal symptoms were to be expected. 

I have noticed my behavior changed drastically (within 2-3 weeks in) I have become increasingly irritated and frustrated with the problems I faced daily. I felt depressed and undetermined to do my studies. All at the same time I was battling my cravings so that I wouldn't have to resort to smoking cigarettes again. I even noticed that my studies were less effective without nicotine (hard to explain...it feels like my willpower to do it decreased, despite knowing how important it was)

by the 4th week, I had a mental breakdown, throughout the days during this process, i was angry, depressed, and hopeless. However I still haven't resort to smoking no matter what because I knew that it would make it worse. Instead, I came to the conclusion that I needed a different method of quitting. Couple days ago I have decided to try out nicorette, and noticed how much of a difference it made. I was clearheaded, better mood, and had no longer desire to have a cigarette.

I am not saying Cold-turkey doesn't work, it just isn't the most effective way to quit. Not everyone has the same situation in life as well as mental state to go through such strong withdrawal. However, it was useful in a way to give me the insight of how terrible the withdrawal symptom was to a point where I was even MORE determined not to smoke cigarettes.

I know that some of you think that it is bad to rely of nicotine patches, gum and what not, and that it only prolongs your process of quitting, but the quitting process is different for everyone. It really comes down to your perspective and mentality on what requires to quit without having to relapse again.

I am planning on using nicotine gum for about a month or so, and instead of completely cutting my body away from nicotine, I am gradually going to reduce it to a point where I no longer need it. Help my body and mind to readjust to lower and lower nicotine levels while not experiencing those terrible symptoms again. 







 