37 Years Ago I Started Smoking

Since then I’ve gone through most phases, from convincing myself smoking was part of who I was to nicotine chewing gum, patches and even at times a combination of cigarettes and patches for that extra boost. A couple of years ago I tried vaping and found what I thought to be the answer, nothing else replicated the  smoking process and fed my nicotine addicted body in such a similar way to actual cigarettes. I started off with a high nicotine content in the juice intended to replicate 20 Marlboro red a day. Over the couple of years I did reduce the content but not dramatically. As a tool to break the ritual of cigarette smoking I’d recommend it. In respect of the absence of foul breath and surrounding odour, whether in your clothes or whatever it was also a pleasant change. However, I reached for it as soon as I opened my eyes in the morning. I panicked at the thought of not being able to charge it, running out of juice, did that thing of always checking it was in my pockets before leaving the house, in exactly the same way I used to check for cigarette and lighter. Essentially I became every bit a slave to the cigarette replacement as I had been to cigarettes. The absence of the foul smell also meant I could vape far more than I used to smoke, having previously stopped smoking in my house or car, I could now happily sit in both and vape away. I’m not any kind of health expert, I don’t know if, medically, vaping is better, worse or the same  on your health. I do know I was doing it so often, it definitely felt unhealthy. There was no hacking cough in the mornings, but there was occasionally what felt like tightness in the chest and (slight) pain emanating from the lungs. 2 month’s ago I decided it was time to try to beat the underlying condition, a tangible physical addiction to nicotine. I have tried ‘cold turkey’ before. It doesn’t go well, not for me and not for those important people around me. The disproportionate rage at the smallest slight has to be seen / felt to be believed. So instead, I’ve gone for the patches again, although instead of just taking on the largest patch indefinitely I’m planning to do as advised and step down the size each time until I do without. Yesterday I stepped down from the large size to the medium size. I’m struggling. I haven’t yet given in but came very close last night. I need to get through today and maybe a couple more, hoping my body will have adjusted by then. I know this is a ridiculously long rambling post, I apologise. I’m hoping it helps me. If there is anyone else still reading I hope it hasn’t wasted too much of your time.