HI r/stopsmoking! Tonight will be 5 weeks with not a single puff.

I've lurked here before, and asked a few deleted questions from my main. 

After the first 14 days, I stopped thinking about smoking frequently, but I also didn't smoke daily so that probably helped me a bit - already having 3 days or so in my week when I didn't smoke at all. Since then, there have been a few things that keep me going when I think about it:

1 - My breath! I was using mouthwash like crazy to try to get rid of the smoke taste before. Now that I've stopped, my mouth *feels* and tastes better, and I don't wake up with smokey mouth. 

2 - Money saved! Even though I didn't smoke enough to cause a huge dent in my budget, I'm saving $12/week from not buying smokes, plus some for not making impulse buys at the store (snacks and cold drinks), and the gas to go out of my way to the store. I'm rounding this up to $20/week. Not to mention using WAY LESS MOUTH WASH AND TOOTHPASTE! 

3. I'm getting more done! So many times I would go home, rush through walking my dog so I could go sit on the patio and have my first after work smoke. Now, I actually walk/run him for 30+ minutes, so he's happier, get inside and do stuff - like picking up, cooking, or opening my laptop to finish up work tasks. It used to be "I'll start on that after I smoke one more, during the next commercial break." 

4. Running. I started back running and working out. It's hard to look forward to smoking when your lungs are tired after only two miles when you used to run 3-5 everyday and were fine. 

5. I can go longer without washing my hair! This sounds ridiculous, but my hair doesn't get oily or gross until around the three day mark. If I don't work out or run, it's nice to give it time to not have to deal with stuff going in it. When I smoked I HAD to wash my hair after I finished for the night, or else everyone would be able to smell it the next day. Now, I just get to hop in, bathe and shave, hope out and my hair doesn't have to have heat applied to it each night.

What thoughts help you stay motivated when you get a craving/urge?