About to hit 100 days. Report.

I'm 32 and had been smoking for 13 years. I started smoking late in life, which makes it even more stupid. I was good at sports, I played Basketball and was a good runner (even won the school cross-country at 18). After an adult life of smoking, some drinking, some drugs (not much, but still), too much masturbation, to much time on the computer, etc, I was in terrible shape, physically and mentally. I would try quitting this, try quit that, but when you are a smoker you have less motivation, because no matter what you try to improve, there's always that elephant in the room (in your life). That vice that's stronger than you, that dependence you can't stop. You feel that no matter what, you lost that battle and you feel a bit like a loser for being unable to tame that dragon.

I decided that if I defeat the strong one, I could apply a domino effect to other negative things in my life.

So I start preparing. I needed a strategy. You just don't go to the battle field empty ended or ill-prepared. I got me a e-cig and decided I would use it for 15 days. No more, no less. Then it would be me and my habit, head-to-head. 

If you stop smoking thinking about not smoking, that thought alone involves thinking about smoking, "no SMOKING", "I'm not going to SMOKE". I knew I needed a better plan, so I set a super demanding running course and started running 3x week. It was an impossible mission. I had to stop 2,3,4,5 times. I had chosen an impossible course. I challenged my mind with this impossible obstacle and now I need to find a way to conquer this mountain. 2 weeks, 3 weeks, 4 weeks. Would stop 3 times, 2 times. 5 weeks, 6 weeks, 7 weeks, 8 weeks...I'm stopping 2 times, 1 time. The third month alone was to beat the final mile, that is entirely uphill, with 5 different inclinations, always harder, harder, harder. I thought I couldn't do it. I was already smoke free, in shape, but that didn't matter, I had to do it. I'd keep pushing, gaining yards, a little more on monday, a little more on wednesday, friday almost there. Until yesterday. I did it. I conquer the mountain. Tomorrow I celebrate 100 days smoke free. 

I used to read testimonials and always thought others can, I can't. It's just that they had it easier than me. Have more money than me. Have better educations, have girlfriends, whatever. Finding excuses. Stupid and meaningless excuses. That's what's stopping you today to quit smoking forever. Excuses.

If you wan't something, don't let a substance get in your way.  You're stronger than that. 

My advise to you: Set goals that will override that imaginary need to smoke. And when you beat cigarette addiction, is not just how good you feel physically but how you feel mentally for beating the habit. Cleaning up a dark and dirty room that was in your brain, in your life and finally let some sunshine in that room and in your life. 

EDIT: Thanks for the comments and feedback. I'm not a native English speaker so I'm sorry if I'm not clear here and there but I think you get my drift :) 

Act today  people. Only the first steps hurt.