3 Months report.

When I decided to do this I kinda poetically told the world: "Ok guys, see you on the other side" while putting my source of nicotine away. There is no other side. You don't get the luxury of a "healing click" or a sign that you are not a smoker anymore. It happens so gradually that you can't even appreciate it, hence the danger of forgetting where you were when you started. Same when you start smoking, you gradually got worst and worst and one day you woke up literally lighting a cigarette and wondering where did it all went wrong. There is no definite period to pinpoint, it's a succession of actions. One nail at a time. So, when you are in the process of reversing this addiction, what counts is the non-action, the non-palpable action of not smoking. Your brain has trouble recognizing that you're doing something by not doing something, but the smart guy inside, the conscious you, just keeps pushing on, through urges, through the counter-intuitive, through the pleasure denial, through making the right choice time after time after time, thinking long-term over the short-term temptation. 

I can't talk for anybody else but me and I know that there are a lot of mix opinions out there but, what worked for me was vaping + running. It will only work if you see the vaping as medicine, and like any medicine you will use it for a limited time table and then throw it away. For me it was a month. I started with the max nicotine level and dosed down every week. After that I just threw it away. Meanwhile, the running was cleaning up my lungs and giving me a motive. I aimed for a really hard course and I attributed the pain and the difficulties 100% to cigarettes. At that time I made an enemy and when I was pushing through the running I just hated it more and more. 

Exactly 3 months ago I vaped for the last time and now I can run 10k (something I wasn't able to do for 10 years or more). I'm not a young kid, I'm 33. It's never too late. Don't play the "too late" card even if you're 40 or 50 or older. If you're running 0 now and in 3 months you're running 3k, you're already cheating a death that right now you are choosing to feed.

With the money you save you can even fix your yellow teeth and make a lot of stuff with money *you think* you don't have. 

