Hey everyone, over 365 days as a non-smoker!

I did it! And surprisingly it was easy, like riding a bicycle easy, or cooking cake from cake mix easy, or paying my bills on time easy. But in all seriousness I remember everything I went through to get here. My last months as a smoker were harder than actually quitting, well maybe not the first week, but definitely all the time after that. I was so depressed as a smoker, declaring that I was quitting just to go out the next weekend, have a few drinks, and come home with a new pack of cigarettes. I felt so ashamed of myself, why couldn't I just stop? So I decided November 17, 2013 was going to be the day that I quit. I stayed in for the first few weeks, I didn't want to be tempted by alcohol and all of my smoker friends. Let me tell you, when you're used to "going out" every weekend, staying in is comparable to eating stale bread for dinner. It's bland and just boring. I also remember having a headache the first few days, maybe even a week because of nicotine withdrawals and anyone who's had them knows they don't want to go through that all over again. Also, I was grumpy, and tired, and miserable, and depressed, and snappy, and did I mention grumpy? (Sorry family, friends, and cashier guy at A&P). But I stuck through it, then next time I met up with my friends, some of them went outside to smoke. I had that urge to out with them but then I remembered my headaches and didn't want the count to go back down to zero, so I stayed in. And it got easier and easier, until I could be around smokers and think "huh, this kinda smells bad". And then a weird thing started happening, I can't really tell you around which month but I think it was 7 or 8, I started to think of myself as a nonsmoker. Yes, me, a nonsmoker. The person who smoked a pack a weekend, sometimes a night, was a nonsmoker. And now here I am, a nonsmoking functioning member of society. My friends who smoke, can go stand outside by themselves because it's freezing out and frankly because they stink for the time being (it's the truth!). And that's my story, so if I can do it, you can do it too. 