Looking for a nicotine quitting buddy (South-East Virginia)

I have been dipping on and off for about 9 years. It was always very easy to just stop whenever I wanted, for as long as I wanted, but over the past year or so that changed.  Maybe it's due to high stress/mental exhaustion of my career/recent lack of dating, etc. I started looking forward to getting off work to put a dip in, and literally be dipping anytime I wasn't in public.  

It became such a problem I've tried giving up dip for vaping, thinking that shit would make me quit, but now my nicotine use is at a dangerous and unhealthy high.  It's become a coping mechanism, and an excuse to sit around and be a lazy shit in my home when it's a beautiful day out and I have 100 things to get done. "Alright, I've had my coffee while I vaped... let me put a dip in for the next hour before I start my day"

It's killed my motivation, no longer relieves stress (actually only creates more stress now), I'm not going to the gym as much as I want to, I'm not getting out there and meeting women anymore, I'm picking the fuck out of my fingernails, and generally not getting anything done... this has to stop now. I feel pathetic sitting here with a dip in while I type this, and I'm ready to throw it away, but I want to do it with a support system and make sure this is the last time!

Does anyone else want to quit with me right now? Be each other's support system? I could use someone in the same position to be accountable to, and to do the same for them. Let's throw our cigarettes/dip/vape away right now and tell addiction to fuck off.  A pen pal just to message back and forth to keep us focused and accountable I think will do the trick, but also big plus if you're in Hampton Roads Virginia.  A local could maybe make that connection and accountability more real?  I'm a 28 yo experienced fitness trainer, so I'm obviously thinking exercise as my #1 outlet, but I'd also be there for you to go get a pint or something if you just feel like you're gonna give in. Shoot me a message