10 years of nicotine addiction, attempts to quit and bullshit in between

So, as the title says, I (22M) was addicted to nicotine for nearly 10 years. I started at 13, which was somewhat acceptable in the country I was born in. I had friends who smoked, but picked the habit by myself, bought a pack of Winston whites and tried my first alone, at the staircase of my apartment block. I’m putting down my smoking story here because I am serious about quitting this time and want to revise it all bit by bit.

I was never planning to be a full time smoker - no one in my immediate family smoked, except for my father who was never seen with a cigarette and portrayed smoking as a deadly sin, but still smoked, in secret, as I eventually found out. He was fucked up in other ways too but that’s a story for another sub. Also, my grandfather and uncle (mum’s side) were smokers for a while, but grandpops quit and uncle passed away, god rest his alcoholic soul. But overall, smoking (together with drinking and swearing) was looked down on in the family.

Can’t say for sure why I started - maybe out of curiosity or to look cool or to find a way to get a wee high and escape the shitshow of reality in a way, or just a bit of all these reasons. I smoked in secret, before school, around friends and at parties. Almost never caught, except for one time when I was arrested for drinking with friends on a train station when I was 15, but me smoking and being drunk was not my parents main concern because the police have confiscated something that looked like a gram of MJ, but turned out to be tobacco later at the lab test (luckily, a friend who got it for me thought it would be funny to give tobacco to a kid and tell him it’s weed), so they were freaked out about the possibility of me having a record for possession, so I didn’t get a blast for other things at that time.

Things have settled later on and I discovered a new way to keep the nicotine addiction without the smell - handmade chewing tobacco, which was semi-legal, cheap and popular in my area among us kids. So I stayed on it and wasn’t smoking at all. That shit was stronger than any reds though, it could make you lose your balance if you take too much in the morning, and I thought it felt great. Among other things I used to abuse. So, smoke free during the last couple of years at school but on a heavy nicotine diet.

After school, I moved to another place for uni, and there was no funny substances. No chewing tobacco, no drugs, no pharmacies to get some cough syrup or pills over the counter. Wasn’t a desert, just a very strict place. It was possible to get some fun but wasn’t worth the risk and trouble. I got back to smoking cigarettes (and drinking), not very frequently because money is always an issue. I bummed cigs from friends, or bought 1-2 packs per week, learned to make decent rollies, then after a year I moved back for like a holiday for 5 months and stopped smoking during that time. I think I got some chewing tobacco during that period but not a lot, I kind of tried to get my shit together. The holidays were over and I was right back in the student party crowd chugging beers, wine and liquors, and smoking.

I could quit for a month, or a week, or go a few days without it. No matter how long, I was always coming back to it. Thinking that I’m stressed, 1-2-3-4-5 cigarettes a day is not a big deal, or that I smoke when I drink, or that I smoke with friends. After uni, I started working full time, and kept the habit. Not often, not really openly, but I kept smoking. At the end of the day, at the end of the week when I drink, one or two on the weekend, all that jazz. Was quitting and coming back, and having periods of non-frequent smoking (but it’s still smoking). I thought it’s alright. At my age, and having one shitstorm in life after another, I justified it. But this way, month by month, I kept smoking which accumulated to at least 9 years, nearly 10. And it’s a very scary number.

I got through some very rough patches during all this time, which I don’t think is worth to mention in this post because it would make it even longer. I thought of cigarettes as a relief, or an escape, or a helping substance that was always with me. But if I carry on like this, I’ll become a smoker of 10 years. And then I’ll just never quit. So there’s no better time than now. I smoked my last one a week ago, and just received the 7 days notification. Fuck the cravings, fuck stress, fuck problems. I don’t need a fag to deal with it.

Not another puff, no matter what.