I quit smoking after 15 years - a lot of luck was involved, but hopefully this will help someone somewhere

TL; DR: Make your home a non-smoking place and separate smoking from your favourite things (watching tv, gaming, reading etc.). This will force you to interrupt what you like doing to go outside and smoke. You'll cut down without even noticing. If you have any kind of respiratory or health issue that will stop you smoking due to irritation, use that as a reason to stop permanently. Learn to see yourself as a person who has stopped smoking - when you picture yourself doing various activities, make a conscious effort to 'airbrush' the cigarette from those images. 

It's been about 4 months now, which is by far the longest I have ever gone without smoking since I was 15 (I'm 31 now), so I'm pretty confident I won't be going back to it. So I'd like to share my experience, and maybe a person or two will find something useful to take away. 

I've always seen myself as a smoker. From the moment I started, I could never imagine quitting. I really liked smoking - I still think it looks really cool, and I like the gestures it cultivates and the general busywork it gives to otherwise fidgety hands. I never knew what to do with my hands, so when I started rolling my own fags, when I moved to the UK, it was even better. I had a whole ritual now - lots of busywork for my hands, especially when going out with friends to a beet garden. I genuinely could not imagine me as a non-smoker. 

I did Uni in the UK, and stayed in a house where smoking was allowed (yay!) and when I finished, I got work in a nearby city. Due to work, my partner and I decided it's best to move to the city, to avoid the commute (we ended up working for the same company, he also smoked and still does, and neither of us can drive). 

As fate would have it, we moved into a nonsmoking house - which was the first big thing to happen for the road to not smoking for me. That little inconvenience made me smoke less when I was at home, and more importantly, it made me stop associating gaming, watching TV and reading with smoking. 

I was still smoking about 8-10 rollies a day just on the way to work and on my breaks (one on my walk in, one when I got there, two on the first break, two on the second break, one on my way back home). I was also smoking when going for long walks and listening to audiobooks (there are a bunch of really lovely parks in this area and I love exploring them). However, when I got home- I'd probably go smoke one or two times before bed - and over the weekend, maybe 4-5 rollies a day, compared to 15-20 previously. 

About a year later, we both got new jobs for a new company, a bit better paid, and we moved into our own small flat. I immediately declared that there shall be no smoking inside - although we could have smoked in there if we wanted to. It's incredible how awesome it is to not have a thin film of ash everywhere. The new workplace lunch schedule ended up giving me one big lunch break in the middle of the day, instead of the two shorter breaks. This immediately cut into my smokes while heading to work and in work. I'd only have 2 in my hour long lunch because the smoking shelter was out of the way and I was lazy. I also started smoking less at home, just because of the hassle, and now that we lived in a flat complex, because I didn't want to have to deal with the neighbours. 

In any case, I had come down now from 15-20 smokes a say to 6-7 smokes a day, and even fewer at the weekend. Then the best thing happened. My cold and laryngitis, sprawling over about a month of agonizing pain when swallowing and when breathing in smoke. After a couple of weeks of forcing myself to smoke a couple of rollies a day, I just concluded that it's not worth my time and effort and my lungs will probably thank me for it. 

So I quit. Even though I still like smoking, even though my partner still smokes, even though I really wanted a smoke when I was pissed off or tired, or just had a long day (kind of like how a beer feels amazing after you've been doing manual labour for a full day). 

The thing that made it easiest to stop was losing my voice for a couple of weeks. The thing that made me continue to not smoke though, is convincing myself that I'm not a smoker anymore, but I'm a person that has stopped smoking. I tried quitting just because I knew smoking was bad for me in the past, but I still saw myself as a smoker, rather than a former smoker. Now that I can picture myself in a pub, without a smoke between my fingers and tobacco on the table, I know that I won't smoke again. It took some mind-wrangling, but it works now. 

I did have a few fags at a work function about 2 months after I quit - and I did not like it. The only cigarette I could smoke easily was a menthol. Haven't touched em since :)