Stopped smoking 7.5 years ago.

After i smoked for 5 years i quit and still haven't lit a cigar since than. 
The reason why im posting this is that i really want to help people stop with that nasty addiction. I'll just type few things that may help some people quit, sry for bad english, not my native. 
Anyway, i started smoking in highschool. The reason why i started was that it seemed cool, older people did it, it was forbiden by my parents (which made me do it even more). I always had a rebel nature.
 After i smoked for 5 years i started to think about how it really makes no apsolute sense to smoke that shit poison. I'll write few reasons why: 1) Every day i woke up i coughed like i had some kind of disease and i sounded like a dying 80 year old man.
2) Money -  not really much to say, you all know how much it costs to smoke 1.5 pack a day
3) Bad smell - smokers dont realize how fucking bad they smell after they smoke 1 cig after a break or something.
4) I DID NOT WANT TO BE A SLAVE OF TOBBACO COMPANIES - you guys should realise that the reason why you smoke is that you are addicted to nicotine, that's all! I love to hear smokers say " But i like to smoke, it relaxes me" No you dont! You dont like to smoke, that's just your addiction working it best job, twisting your mind. And cigars dont relax you, they actually "relax" your adiction. Don't you remeber your 1st cig, it made you dizzy and "high"? That's because nicotine raises your blood pressure, if it raises how can that relax you, think about it. And tobbaco companies know all that and they GOT YOU IN THIER HANDS. They make money from your health, think how sick that is. And the last thing i will write and i want you think about it hard. If cigaretes wouldn't cause addiction NOT A SINGLE PERSON ON THIS WORLD AND UNIVERSE WOULD SMOKE that shit poison that gives you cancer and that gives cancer to other people around you that you love. 
Maybe i didnt sound  like i wanted to but people, the reason why i posted this is because i know how hard it is to stop. Maybe, just maybe after this post someone quits, i'd be happy because  there would be 1 more person that knows the feeling how good it is not to smoke.

Oh and i got few more things to type. It is probably hard to stop while you work.Maybe try quitting while on vacation? I didn't work at the time i quit. I knew i needed something that will keep my mind of that. So i played video games, mostly World of Warcraft. I remeber i palyed it for 2 weeks and didn't leave my house because i was affraid i will go out smoke 1,2 and than it's over. 
Also, when i got that urge to smoke i went to eat. In 2 weeks i got 5 kg. 
After a month i went out drinking, i wanted to test myself and i passed. I didn't even get the urge to smoke. I was so happy :)
Anyway i hope this helps someone. Stay strong and don't let a substance called nicotine control your entire life.

Edit: Sorry for misinformation it was 6.5 years ago. 1.1.2008 New Years resolution. Something i forgot to mention.