Coming up on 8 months

Hey stopsmoking!  longtime lurker, 2nd time poster..

I can't begin to say how much this group has helped me. Much love and thanks to everyone for sharing their experiences.  My badge might say X amount of days, but I've been here much longer than that.

I was a pack a day smoker from age 16 to 26.  The thing that finally helped me kick the habit was hypnosis.  It's definitely not for everyone, but for anyone out there who is struggling, I recommend looking into it.

A few insights:

Typically, people find themselves in hypnotherapy after exhausting every other "conventional" method.  I was the same.  I tried the patch, e-cigs, gum, mist, lozenges, cold-turkey, tapering-off... everything under the sun except medication.

I'd never considered hypnotherapy for anything in my life.  I, like most people, picture a mustachioed magician-type figure when I hear the word "hypnotist".  However, a friend of mine was able to quit completely - through hypnotherapy - after smoking a pack a day for 10+ years.. so I figured what the hell.

I didn't pull any punches with my hypnotherapist.  I told him quite frankly that I thought it was all pseudo-science and that I was too intelligent for it to have any effect.  Once I'd aired my apprehensions, we were able to discuss the process openly. The more we talked, the more confidence I felt in myself and his abilities.

And, well, here I am 8 months later.


I can't speak for every hypnotherapist, obviously.  I would just be wary of anyone promising miracles.  The therapist I went to, for example, told me the success rate was about 70% with his clients, and that it really comes down to two things:

1) Your ego - most people don't want to admit they are susceptible to hypnosis (myself included).

2) Your desire to quit - you have to really, deeply, truly want to stop smoking. 

It's essentially a cerebral massage that can help you target, uproot and master your emotional attachment to smoking... if you're willing to go there.  

Like I said, it doesn't work for everyone.. and it's definitely not magic.. but it had a profound impact on my life, so I figured I'd share a bit of my experience with the sub :)