I quit smoking because quite literally the nicotine was poisoning me. (Day 5)

I'm on mobile so please forgive me for not resetting my badge (if it even appears). I am not as strong as however many days it says. However, I am 5 days strong, and I wanted to tell the tale of how nicotine and everything else in my favorite menthols has wrecked my first semester of grad school. 

Moving away from home for the first time, I had terrible anxiety and depression that it seemed only pot, cigs, and sleep helped ease. I went to the hospital for an anxiety attack, and I was put on antidepressants again. Those have helped me an immense amount and I really encourage anyone struggling with depression and quitting smoking to see a doctor before trying to quit. I know a lot of times my cigarette was the only thing pushing my body forward. But once you stop feeling so lousy about yourself, you find it easier to get up and do things without stimulants.

So while I was feeling good mentally, physically, I was WWIII inside. I have all the symptoms of ulcerative colitis, and it seemed like no matter how many meds I tried, nothing would stop the nausea, the vomiting, and the diarrhea. I felt exhausted all of the time, and I could never concentrate because of how miserable I felt. 

Although the doctors never mentioned it besides the old "quit smoking" bit, I knew that this was the reason why I was having so many problems. So one day after a battle with my GI I decided enough was enough. I quit.


And oh my God, do I feel AMAZING! I no longer feel over anxious, tired, or unable to focus. They say that nicotine should increase your ability to focus, but in my case, it did anything but. Sad thing is, even though it was making me so sick and I KNEW it was making me so sick, it still held me in an addictive vice. 

Five days ago I said enough. I am in grad school on a nice fellowship, and I can't fuck around with my health anymore. I quit cold turkey. I have been lucky that today was the only day I have had a severe craving. But every time I have one, I am reminded of how ill I was and for how long I was so sick, and how amazing I am feeling now. BECAUSE I WAS POISONING MYSELF. Jesus h. christ. And I'm in a doctoral program, too. 

Disclaimer: I don't blame it all on nicotine alone but let's just agree cigs suck and smoking menthols does me no favors 