Day 5, back home, and in distress: I want to smoke again

Hello everybody. I use the smoke free app and today's mission is to check out this community and read ten posts from new quitters. I have never posted anything in any community but I decided to do it here and maybe, just maybe, get some help from you guys and get through this day. 
I was a smoker from 14 to 29 years, i.e. I smoked for longer than I didn't in my life. I quit on the first of January together with my husband and have yet not had another puff of nicotine. I was a heavy smoker (one pack a day and two more on top on party nights) and the worst thing is: I identified with being a smoker. My favorite writers, musicians, and thinkers smoked. Smoking meant rebellion, depth of character, philosophy and feminism, punk and hedonism, it meant being someone who enjoys life rather than restricts himself, it meant having something to hold on to when times got rough or when they got exciting, upsetting or boring. It meant mor to me than, of course, it should have, because the only thing it really is is a stinky, expensive, and slightly undignified habit that kills you slowly and along the way makes you less sportive, less attractive, and less independent. Although I know this, I am having a very hard time seeing myself as a non-smoker. I have never been in my grown-up life, I don't know how to be. I have always only existed as a smoker and I feel like K need a whole new identity if I become a non-smoker. And then the practical things: how do I mark breaks? What do I do after completing a task and before I start a new one? What do I do for a few minutes of sweet procrastination? What is going to be there for me to hold on to when I am stressed and anxious? How the hell does one wait for a bus without a cigarette in one's hand? And please: how does one survive an alcohol-filled night with good friends and good chats without a pack of cigarettes? I am scared and feel such strong desire that I keep thinking that I will inevitably start again because I cannot imagine being a non-smoker.
I gave up smoking on a cabin in the mountains and am now back at home since yesterday night. It's much more horrible here, as this used to be my refuge: no matter where I was not allowed to smoke, at home I could, as many as I wanted to. Now I am sitting here and all I can think about is having a cigarette... How all this struggle would be over instantly if I just gave up the idea of giving up... But then come back the fear of cancer, the thought of wanting to have kids in a few years (I am a woman), the thought of endless coughs and a slow, breathless death, all the money spent, the failure of having tried and not succeeded. 
I am in a pickle. I am not using anything to help me quit. No vaporizer, no gum, no Carr-book. Just that app, my strong husband (who by the way seems to be doing much better), and me, trying to just. Not. Smoke.
Sorry for the long text. It's just so hard and I am scared I am just going to buy a new pack now and start again. So I thought I'd do this instead and maybe you'll have some words of wisdom for me?
Thank you for reading and good luck to you all in your quest of finally overcoming this shitty addiction!