My mom was a smoker (not a happy story)

Hi everyone

I commend you all for what you're trying to do. Quitting smoking is incredibly difficult!

I smoked from the ages of 15-20. I was lucky that I was able to quit easily when my mom was diagnosed with lung cancer. I've been smoke free for 10 years now and never think about it. 

Like I said though, my mom was a heavy smoker  (1-2 packs per day of Marlboro ultra light 100's) and was diagnosed with small cell lung cancer 10 years ago. She fought the good fight for 5 years, but she never quit smoking. Before she died she was also diagnosed with non-small cell lung cancer. 

I was 26 years old and had to watch my mom die. She suffocated inside her body. There was so much fluid around her lungs that they were unable to expand to bring in air. It took 10 days for her to die. 

10. Days. 

She was put on life support to force air into her lungs. So, she couldn't speak or barely communicate for the entire 10 days. She died within 2 hours of removing the breathing tube. 

I will never forget the sound of her suffocating as she took her last 2 hours worth of breaths. I laid in her hospital bed and held her, telling her how much I love her. For years after she died I couldn't picture her inside my head any way other than the way she died. 

She was 56 years old. She left me as a 26 year old single mother with an 8 year old son. We had no other family, and I was alone. 

It's been almost 5 years since then, and I still struggle with anger that her cigarettes were more important to her than me and her grandson. 

I don't expect my story to cause anyone to quit smoking. I can only hope that you'll look at your children and your loved ones and decide that you don't want them to watch you suffocate inside your body for days. You don't want to be remembered that way. You don't want to feel that pain in your final days. 

Good luck to all of you, it's never too late and it's never too early to quit! You will hit your bottom when you decide to quit digging.