I'm finally done with the little man

I'm almost thirty, smoking since I was 17 and just in the last five years I've attempted several times to quit.  Ive lived with my SO and his parents for the past three years.  We all smoke so the struggle has been real.  When we all quit we call the craving the "little man".  The little man loves to talk into your ear when you least need it.
  
Our usual way of quitting is cold turkey.  I'll do it on my days off and sleep, eat, whatever to get through the day.  My SO went through some health related issues around the holidays and quit immediately.  His parents have gone back and forth.  I just kept smoking knowing at some point I'd stop.

 I work in the food service industry, a good community for smokers.  This has led me to sneaking a puff or asking for "just one" many, many times.    I know it's another excuse but cutting out breaks at work were mentally crushing for me. Thankfully I started a new job last fall, one that is low stress and minimal talking.

My cravings are fuelled by stress and anxiety.  I suppose in some ways it was to relax but more than anything it was the relief I sought after a slammed Friday night, or to get my mind off the idiot riding my ass while I drive.  On my days off I smoke cigs way less than days I worked.  

When I would quit I always knew I'd save more money, I can breath better, smell better, everything that you notice when you quit.  This time around it's been completely different.  Mentally I'm destroying the little man!!  The craving comes and instead of shoving it deep back inside my head I'm thinking about why I want it at all.  Why am I stressing out?  What can I do to stop it? Can I stop it?  

It's been extremely cathartic and once I realized what I was doing to myself for 12 years I was almost sad.   It was a period of arrested development that I set upon myself.  BUT shit man, I really feel like I was losing myself.  I'm not stewing over things I have no control over.  I feel more patient than before. I've started to address some personal/financial problems in my life.  It's a path I'm happy to be walking on.

It will be three weeks on Monday that I am cigarette free.  I have been using the patch.  In the past I hardly used smoking aids except for gum to fight a craving.   Before I quit I admitted to myself I probably can't do it without an aid and bought step 2 and 3.  Almost done with step 3 :D. 

To anyone that reads this, I hope you kick the habit.  Every day feels different.  On the bad days don't feel bad keeping to yourself and relaxing.  On the good days.. remember them for the bad days.  

TL;DR. On/off smoker shares story of addiction/cravings to nicotine.  Three weeks with no smoking, feeling pretty good.

If you ever need to talk, feel free to message me. :)