I quit smoking and I've just quit drinking. I changed, not my circumstances.

My thought pattern changed. Smoking is a drug. I was a drug addict. It actually worsened anxiety rather than calming it - as the pleasure seeking brain does its tricks - and it broke my concentration all the time - opening the pathway for ADD behaviors to take hold in the day. So, I quit. 


Then I accepted that drinking causes depression and even two days after 1 glass of wine I could actively recognize my lower mood. Drinking is a drug and as someone who has anxiety, ptsd, and add - I'm making those feelings and behaviors worse by taking this drug, even only occasionally. I don't consider myself an alcoholic, but I didn't have the healthiest relationship with alcohol either.


That's literally all that changed. I thought I would "wait" for the right moment to quit, but I stopped lying to myself - it genuinely is a force of will and you either do it or you don't. 


I've recently thrown a dinner party where people were drinking wine and usually I think, ya why not, it's fun. Then that of course leads to one dreadful cigarette that I promise is only once - and it has been in the past. Instead, I made myself a fancy juice/tea mix with fresh wildflower honey and put it in a nice bottle and drank it out of a champagne flute. It was one of the best dinner parties I've had. I thought I might get anxious and want to drink and smoke, but nope. I accepted my lot and my needs and replaced it with something I was proud of making and that tasted delicious. This in turn has prompted my body and brain chemistry to continue to function even better. The morning after, I felt happy for having visited friends and that mood boost has had a chance to resonate. No more will I break that happiness barrier with smoke filled, beer soaked alleys.


Also, some inspiration to help you actively determine what is pleasure vs. happiness in your life: [The Hacking of the American Mind.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EKkUtrL6B18)