26/m - third week of cold turkey quitting attempt after half-pack a day habit - drunk/stoned rambling on the topic...

this is my second attempt at quitting, i managed a few weeks last year, then, while drinking i thought about how i would get an awsome first-timer nicotine buzz if i smoked a cigarette right now, so i stole one from my father and smoked it, and it didnt give me the buzz i wanted. the next night i tried it again, since obiviously i did something wrong the first time. eventually i bought a pack of smokes of my own preferred brand, and i did have one smoke that was more or less satisfying. from then on, i allowed my self exactly one cigarette a day, then two, then whatever and just went back to like half to three quarters of a pack a day.

now its pretty much exactly a year later and im quitting again. cold turkey. flipped through the alan carr book, listened to the audio tape alittle, read some motivational shit on the internet...


i was feeling guilty about smoking the whole time since i started doing it again, and everytime i bought a fresh pack, i thought "this is the last one, after this pack im quitting". eventually i did buy the "last" pack, it was a monday night that i finished off my pack, tuesday morning i was totally done with it, woke up, had coffee, went to work, skipped all my usual smoke breaks without any special effort. i'm basically not doing anything differrent, other than not smoking cigs; i still smoke weed and drink beer like i used to.


im about 2.5 weeks into this new routine, and so far, so good. im not having any bad cravings or stressing out more than usual. every evening i have to move my father's car to park my own, and i dont have any great urge to steal one from one of his packs lying on his passenger seat (even though currently he's got some rare foreign smokes left over from a vacation in cuba).


quitting feels almost too easy at this point, as though i could pick it up again or just be an occasional social smoker or just when i drink or something. if i smoke a cigarette of my preferred brand every weekend or something, when im properly drunk and stoned, i will get the "first timer nicotine buzz" everytime and it will all be worth it...


this is the same trap i fell into a year ago. hopefully this time i'll manage to keep my shit together and make it work for at least a few months and fall into a different trap or something, then smoke again for some time, then quit forever. 


last thing i want to say is that this post was going to be something else, but it turned into what it is now. im probably too drunk and stoned than is proper for a thursday night, but i have not smoked or consumed any tobacco or nicotine products for almost 3 weeks, and it is good, and thats all that matters right now. i'll work on my other bad habits later. 


