60 days!!

I can't believe I'm coming up on 60 days. 60 actual days, not fake 60 days I lied to those close to me while sneaking cigarettes "in secret" as if they couldn't smell the lie all over me in the past.

Sixty actual days. There were cravings, no doubt. There are still mornings and drunken evenings I reach for the phantom pack of Camels in my hoodie, that I crave the sound of unzipping sealed plastic and popping open a fresh pack. But I never give in, and the cravings don't last longer than the fleeting 30 second thought in my mind that says "I'd like a cigarette right now." TBH I'd like a cigarette right now. But I don't *need* one, and that was the one thing I couldn't get over until I went all in on vaping. I still would like a cigarette. That doesn't mean I have to have one. It seems so simple in hindsight, but I never found a solution that made that thought OK until I found vaping.

I still lean in to strangers sucking down a cigarette at the bus stop, but joke about it with them as I hit my vape. "Pardon me, I'm quitting," I say. They almost always say they want to "get one of those vape things too" but they never do for whatever reason and I get it.

Nothing, NOTHING ever worked for me after being chained to cigarettes for half my life until I got a proper vape setup and determined to leave them behind.

Sixty God damn motherfucking beautiful days I woke up smelling like clean laundry and didn't have to worry about running out for a pack before bed and kissed my boyfriend smelling like glazed donuts and not depressed ashtray. I don't reach for my vape very first thing in the morning like I used to claw at my pack of Camels before dawn in the dark before I could do anything. Don't get me wrong, I am absolutely still addicted to nicotine and the routine, it's just that my vape gives me slightly more power to say when and where and how I get my fix. That smidge of power alone has helped me tremendously.

I never thought this would be me. I could never find the exit. Until I did and how amazing it is on the other side. If anyone else is thinking about vaping and needing a little guidance PM me! I can't believe it took me this long but I won't beat myself up over it, I will be busy celebrating my 60 amazing days and trying to reach out to my brothers and sisters in the cloudy abyss to say YOU CAN DO THIS. It doesn't own you. There is actually a way out. Come join the party!

