Day 42. Last 30 were crazy coughing. Status.

I feel as though I'm crossing over. It's almost 4am and I finally am getting less of an urge to cough. Each of the last thousand coughs the last month has been a productive step. Another bronchiole tube open. It's been a very hard journey. Here's my story. 

I've quit closer to two hundred times in my life. I've smoked each of the last seventeen years. I started in college at the age of nineteen. Usually when drinking but not always. I told myself that I wasn't addicted. Then just to get me through college from time to time. Then I would never buy a pack. Then never a carton. I smoked a pack a day or more fore the next eight years. 

Before college I was a swimmer. I swam competitively for 16 years. I practiced under an Olympic coach 4 1/2 hours a day in the pool before and after school plus weight room work. My lungs were conditioned for performance. An X-ray showed my body had actually enlarged my lungs to create more volume for air. I was at the peak of health. 

The last 17 years I regretfully have been ruining that. I've skipped almost two decades of healthy living and replaced it with abuse. 

Back to smoking.  I smoked a pack to two packs of Marlboro lights for the first eight years, quitting over a hundred times for a few days earnestly. It was hell but I told myself I enjoyed smoking. At the worst I carried a pack of menthols as well. 

This must be explained as well. I have a drinking problem as well. 

The entire time I've been smoking have gone hand in hand with drinking more or less. Almost every day for the first eight years. Smoking and beer was like eating and drinking or like driving with a gas pedal and a brake pedal. 

I was able to change my pattern of smoking/drinking by holding off until every other day. I did this by brushing my teeth after a cigarette to get me through the day and then going an entire day without. That would last a full day. Ever other day and repeat.

Over the past nine years I stretched that out to once midweek and weekends being a functioning alcoholic. I could quit smoking a few days until I had a drink and then smoke a pack. Both addictions went hand in hand. I don't know which was worse but together very difficult to tackle.

Five years ago I quit for almost four weeks when my son was born. I bought cheap cigars to pass out, got drunk and couldn't overcome the urge. 

Then comes reddit. A friend tells me a guy he knows at a bar switched to the ecig while drinking. That wast ticket. I found a couple of subs r/stopsmoking and r/electronic_cigarette I got the courage to make the decision last December to quit some time permanently in 2013. That was my resolution. No definite date but just to knock out the supports from under these roadblocks. I smoked once on jan 4 and once on jan 23rd.  Not One Puff Ever since then. 

I made the 100% switch while getting blasted to never smoke analogs. I have been coughing like crazy constantly but just now my lungs feel like they are finally getting out the last of it enough to almost sleep. Mucinex and cough medicine help. 

Since quitting my life has been a return to health. I remember how positive life feels. I can breathe. I love tastes and smells three fold. I see myself quitting or reducing greatly the alcohol and it's not nearly as big a deal to go without. When I do drink I prefer ipa and I drink half as much. I'm not zombie drunk as well. 

TL DR; don't stop trying different ways to quit. I switched to ecigs as a way to quit analogs and then set that and/or drinking in my sights. 