Just a Little Check-in

It's been nine months now.  Nine.  If my quitting smoking was a fetus, it would be coming out about now.  Could I have done it without this sub? Yes.  Did this sub help immensely? Absolutely.  

I thought about you guys today, and was surprised to realize that I didn't remember the last time this sub had popped into my head.  This is a good thing, but I wanted to stop by because although not thinking about this subreddit is a great thing for me personally, I remember the first few weeks of quitting and how depressed I would get to see so many posts about failures in the long term.  There are fewer success posts because true success is so complete you just don't need to come back here.  However, those who did gave me some inspiration when I was in the throes of withdrawal and I just wanted to be able to return the favor to anyone who might need it. 

Basically I want to reinforce that quitting smoking IS worth it, it is the best thing I have ever done.  It was so hard and so easy in the most unexpected ways.  It's so weird what a huge change it felt like while I was going through it, but how natural it feels now.

A few tidbits I'd like to share:

Early on, start a list of things that you don't miss about smoking.  Things that are easy to forget about once you haven't smoked for a while, like how every bout of laughter turns into a cough, or that horrible esophageal feeling you get during a hangover (yes, that goes away, hangovers are 80% more bearable now), or smoking too much just because you are bored and how gross you feel. Lighting a cigarette you know you don't need and smoking it anyway just because you might not get to smoke one for a couple of hours.  

Life is totally better when you don't have to plan everything you do around when and where you might or might not be able to smoke.

Going through difficult times is normal, even if you know you're not physically addicted to nicotine any more.  This was really hard for me to deal with.  Getting cravings at three months made me feel like I was doing something wrong, like maybe I was just defective and I would never get over it.  However, there are certain things you do that you've always had cigarettes for, habits you've formed that smoking is built right into.  When you do these things for the first time after quitting, your body will get confused.  However, all it takes is to not smoke for a short period of time.  A little bit of uncomfortable, and you've created new pathways in your brain that do not involve smoking in this circumstance.  You WILL get over it.  You will get to the point that you feel like you never did it.  

When you do feel something like a craving, especially early on, embrace it.  This is the feeling of you getting over something that's controlled you for way too long.  You are winning.    

Let it go.  Smoking is not part of your identity.  You don't like it, you don't want it.  That's why you quit.  There is no point in taking a drag "just to see".  The nicotine withdrawal only lasts a few days.  After that, a cigarette will not taste good, it won't feel good, unless you get yourself addicted again.  If your brain says otherwise, it is wrong.  Think about how many times you sat there, smoking a cigarette, thinking about how you really should quit.  Just don't bother with it.  It's like that crazy girlfriend or boyfriend who is fabulous in bed and makes you feel really special sometimes but cheats on you and crashes your car and generally causes you all kinds of misery and when you try to break up with them they start stalking you and telling everyone you have an std ... *cough* that never happened to you? Well, don't let it! Smoking is totally that guy. Don't let it convince you you actually miss it.

It is okay to think about it.  Don't lie to yourself, you had some good times when you smoked.  But now that you don't smoke, you will have better times.  And you won't notice while you're having them, you just will gradually stop thinking about smoking.  You'll stop being winded walking up a flight of stairs.  You'll stop having weird pangs in your chest and hoping you haven't gone too far.  You'll stop making excuses as to why you're doing something to yourself that you know for a fact will probably kill you.  You will stop getting that blinding rage at anyone or anything that happens to postpone your cigarette break another few moments.  

You will be okay.
