Still on the patch program. Can I claim to have "quit smoking?" It's been two months. Also, some comments about my experience so far.

Not that the distinction really matters that much I guess.  I've been working through the progression to smaller patches.  This is my third time trying the method.  For anyone else thinking about them, they really do work, unless you're using them as a way to reduce but not quit altogether.  In my experience you can't patch it up all day long and then smoke one or two at night... that just fails eventually.  That's what was going on during failed attempts 1 and 2. 

Also, the wal-mart and target brands are pretty much the same as nicoderm in my experience, at half price.

I've come to learn that the way you buy the patches is sort of important.  This time around I bought three boxes - one for each step - which is what I thought I'd need in total.  If you think you need more, buy them all right there, up front.  The financial investment is more obvious and the incentive not to screw up is clearer.  

Regarding which step to start with, I think that was a source of failure for me in the past.  I figured I smoked somewhere around a half a pack a day, and that equated to step 2.  So I started with step 2.  Instead of doing it this way I'd recommend overshooting a bit.  So if you smoke a quarter of a pack start with step 2, half a pack definitely go with step 1, and if you're a heavy smoker - well, I don't know -- maybe use two step 2 patches?  I'm  not a doctor so... But the basic point is that I think it was important to get more nicotine through the patch than I was getting by smoking - at first - to make the transition easier.  

The patches are, I think, good for 24 hours of use.  Wearing it through the night gives me bad dreams so what I do is take it off before bed and slap it on right after I shower in the morning. They adhere pretty well on reapplication.  I find that I can get two days out of them this way.  

The instructions say that the whole process should take something like six months but I've had success going from step to step with just one box per step.  The step 1 box only has seven patches so that lasted me 14 days.  Steps 2 and 3 have 14 each so the whole process is going to take me about two and a half months.  I just started step 3 yesterday, and I think these next few days are pretty important because going from 14mg to 7 is quite a big jump down.  Crossing fingers here but I think I'm gonna make it.  

It's nice to know you are all here and that many of you are going through this with success as well.  