...Return of the Balrog...

I have been feeling so apathetic in the last month...living in a big city is difficult for me right now. I'm puffing down almost a pack a day, and also relying heavily on ganja as an emotional crutch. Obviously I am feeling unmotivated. My health has slipped and now I am all depressed and whiny and steadily becoming more addicted to sugar...

 I've been strong before but I have been trying not to force too many expectations on myself--I know it all comes down to knowing the parts of myself which bring me wizardly delight and staying with those rather than falling into the abyss. It is easy to feel self-critical when I know there is already so much magic to utilize, so many powerful and raw feelings that can be exuded in all manners of creative performance. I know what I need to do to feel good, but I stop myself, need another minute to get ready, need another spliff, and often miss opportunities because I am so pulled into the smoking ritual.

Amazing--to be brushed with the wingtips of inspiration, to fly higher than ever before, and after that to face even deeper depths, to disappear into a smokeblind ah, and often when things are going very well...I've overwhelmed myself. Sabotaged a good, clean momentum.

PFAH!

The arid glimmer of the Balrog's Breath has ensnared me--I reel within the reeking shroud, snatching out for my soul among the falling ashes. Some part of me can still see beyond time, can understand that it will not be the same, that there is no inherent evil in desecration, that the burns can yet carry some wisdom, some time I'll be strong enough, some time I'll be ready...but not today.

 I've gone too far from my body now. Evasion has no depth here. I'm about to smoke another spliff despite what I am writing. It is difficult for me to muster up the conviction I  once had to quit, but I know that I'll be happier when I don't feel so ruled by nicotine. When I can be clean inside. 

Any tips for strengthening resolve would be nice. I am not even really sure what to ask for, a punch in the face? A graphic picture of a blackened lung? A sad story?  I figure it couldn't hurt to reach out . I haven't in a while and I am starting to feel a bit inhuman. Thanks.