Day one, nicotine free!

guys guys I am SO EXCITED over this. I have taken slow steps over the past weeks to wean myself off of nicotine. I switched to the e-cig about two weeks ago and every day tried something new, spent time exercising, writing journals when I was frustrated,and found things to appreciate about myself. Every day I look for a new resource, a new perspective, and now I feel like my arsenal against addiction has grown very powerful. I wanted to just cut myself off in the past but I have tried that before. I had to be ok with feeling withdrawal, had to feel AWESOME about myself and accepting a new life. I realized that gentility is actually way more powerful than self-loathing. Most importantly, I had to accept my intense negative emotions and past as just fleeting expressions of a "me" on its way to sheer joy and self-knowledge. I know I will never go back now, I'm just too happy to ever give up! I love and accept the part of me that was addicted to cigarettes and nicotine in any form, and am ready to face whatever feelings come my way creatively and bravely. 

r/stopsmoking has been a great resource for me, and I have really enjoyed the outside perspectives and opportunity to cheer others on. Helping people is one of the most effective ways I have found of positively reinforcing a habit change. No one has to face such challenges alone if they choose to reach out. when I had trouble facing myself and my own urges, I would focus on someone else and visualize helping them, visualize helping all the addicted people in the world, anything to get my perspective out of a loop. So liberating!

For all the other quitters here, stay the course! Know the power that you have had over a complete anonymous stranger, the inspiration it gives others just to share details from the journey for a better healthier life. You have no reason to reject any part of yourself, and every reason to nurture and love the parts of yourself you want to see grow. 

Thanks everybody, even the people that hate this subreddit. You are making your own choices, and following your heart. That's awesome!