My very recent experience with a cold/flu and an attempt to quit smoking. Would like your advice/experiences!

Hey guys, I'm 24 and I've smoked about a pack a day of Marlboro Red Label for the last four years. I need some advice.

So I had been thinking about going serious on quitting for about 2 weeks now. Maybe put some normal gum in my Marlboro box and chew that, because my favorite thing about smoking is the 10 minutes I can think and listen to music. Anyway, beside the point.

Four days ago I got an itch in the back of my throat that morning, coughed hard once in the evening and BAM, horrible horrible sore throat. I smoked a lot that night because firstly I'm addicted and secondly I don't cough when I smoke (which is a little disconcerting actually).

Day 2 this thing went full on at my throat and lungs. Started running a temp of 102 (apatite gone), had coughing and it took some actual effort to take a breath. Between feeling a need to manually breathe and being in a fever haze a could NOT sleep. It was torture. I tried taking a drag early in the day and it hurt like hell, so I stopped. That afternoon I had a huge headache.

Day 3 I felt like I could NOT get enough oxygen. Breathing in took less effort, but even a half full breath was *painful*. My heart is racing thinking about it, I was miserable. Tried taking a drag twice that day as a sort of perverted way of testing out my lungs. Bad idea. Half drag. Burned like the devil. 

Also somewhere around here (haaaze) I got viral laryngitis. Fancy way of saying the borderline cold/flu made me lose my voice. Hard.

Day 4 fever breaks and I wake up drenched in sweat, realize I can breath without hurting unless I take a really deep breath. Then I can feel that pain on the edge. SLEEP MORE. Wake up at noon. Voice nowhere to be found. Light wheezing. Slightly improve throughout the day. Test drag because habit, still hurts but not as much. However, at that point I just want to quit. This experience has been so shitty and made me so conscious of my respiratory system I would REALLY like a healthy one.  

So here I am now, 2:30 AM, voice still gone, and if I take a really deep breath there is pain in my throat and possibly lungs, which causes a cough. Phlegm isn't nearly as bad as it was but still there. Light wheezing if I exhale long enough. 

I'm wondering what is from smoking/withdrawal (wheezing? deep breath pain? general cobwebby feeling?), what is worse BECAUSE I'm a smoker, and what is just the cold/flu.

I really want to quit. I want my mom to quit. Badly. It makes my workouts harder, it makes my throat tighten up some mornings, I just want to be done with it. Then I find myself thinking "Oh you should still try and get some nicotine in, don't want to suffer any MORE, deal with MORE rough breathing". I get that that's ridiculous. I'm just afraid of the withdrawal at a time like this. What are your thoughts? What should I do?

**TL;DR** Uhhh.. last two paragraphs?