16 days in - feeling great...reflections on my journey!

After being recommended to this subreddit today, I thought I'd share my journey. I actually just made an account for this a few minutes ago - so bear with me as I learn the ropes/lingo.
I must say though, reading many of your posts have been very comforting as I have felt extremely lonely in this quitting process.

I am 24, started smoking 3 years ago when I was visiting another country, thinking it was the cool way to fit in to the culture. What I told myself would only be a way to connect while I explored this country, turned into a "social" thing, turned into a "I'll have one a day" thing...you see where this is going. I actually hated the smell of cigarettes and would hate getting a whiff of my own smoke as I exhaled, but for some reason, I found myself becoming a slave to these pure white, innocent sticks that ended up controlling my thoughts and moods. 

As a child, I begged my father to stop smoking and was inundated with info about how horrible it was for you. I even wrote a pledge to myself when I was 14 that I would never puff a cigarette...LOLZ. Life can be funny like that sometimes. But as I continued to smoke in my college days, I noticed there was a change in my values. I stopped caring about how it made others feel, and I became extremely selfish. I would make people wait for me as I finished my cigarette. I would not ask if it bothered anyone in a group setting, but rather just light up and not give a fuck if it bothered anyone. I noticed it made me late to things and I wouldn't care. I noticed how my overall attitude was shifting from the compassionate and caring side everyone loved about me to a side that was selfish and didn't give two shits about how I made anyone feel. 

I ended up being diagnosed with a horrible GI disease called Crohn's when I was 22, and they say cigarettes are one of the worst triggers for a flare. Yet, I smoked more out of depression and entered this cyclical chain of trying to feel good because this diagnosis really made me feel like my life was taking a downward spiral (at 22, things can seem very dramatic and extreme, especially as a college senior). 

Disobeying my doctor's commands, I again was selfish and did not care how hurting myself more was indeed hurting my family, friends, and all those I came into contact with. Everything great about me that had helped me succeed was now diminishing as I made excuses for myself to smoke because I deserved to feel good given all the bad that was happening in my life. Again, that sneaky son-of-a-bitch cigarette had me like a woman has her husband - on a chain! (at least in my house lol). 

I didn't realize until I was told I had stomach cancer as a complication from my Crohn's that I was the one causing all the bad in my life; by using cigarettes thinking it was alleviating all this pain/sadness, when really it was the thing breaking me down all along. I tried to quit numerous times (maybe 6?) with one of them lasting 4 months! But, again, in times of despair, I would make an excuse and tell myself "I deserve just one" with an old friend, or even alone. Two weeks later, I'd find all the work quitting had gone down the drain. 

For those of you in that vicious cycle of quitting and relapsing, I'm here to tell you that all the times you've failed are happening for a reason. I've finally decided to take hold of my life and become the greatest version of myself this past new year! All those failed attempts at quitting were only to show me just how addictive my personality was. In a way, this brief stint (compared to many others' habits) taught me more about my mind and desires than anything else in my life. 

Some things that helped me to get to this decision? Of course the need to improve my health...I am 24 and want to have a family one day and impact the lives of young people. This would require loving myself and taking the selfishness of smoking and turning it into a selfishness of loving myself so that I may in turn, love and serve others. But moreover, I used meditation (still do) to overcome these obstacles that kept pulling me back. Meditation has allowed me to see the ways my mind has formed habits, and to slowly correct them. 

As I go through day 16, I can say I've never felt more confident in my ability to quit and stay smoke free. To cigarettes, you taught me a plethora of things, and we had some good times, but it's time to grow and change so that I can help others do the same. To those on this journey with me, I send you lots of love and peace. Know that you're not alone. And to those debating to take the plunge, just know that once you got the message, it's time to hang up the phone. The message cigarettes leave us can be received by anyone after a few weeks with that drug. Do yourself a favor and unshackle yourself from these handcuffs...although they can seem like those sexy, furry and comfortable cuffs, you need to admit that they're still cuffs and you're shackled... only then, can you work towards regaining your freedom. 

Cheers, all! 