Approaching 72 hours - need some support

I'm 25 years old and I've smoked on and off for about 5 years. The first two years were mostly social smoking. I rarely bought packs, but might end up smoking at parties or smoking with my roommate. I probably only averaged a few cigarettes a day during this period. 

The last three years I was your standard smoker. There's probably been a few periods no longer than 2-3 months where I've stopped smoking in the last three years, but I've never been able to stop completely. I probably averaged between 5-10 cigarettes a day during the last three years. 

I didn't smoke from February through to the end of May this year. Started up in June and have been smoking between 15-20 a day for the last six weeks. I've been out of the country for work and basically on my own for six weeks, so I let my boredom and loneliness get the best of me. It doesn't help that cigarettes are cheap where I am, and you can smoke in most restaurants and bars. 

My last cigarette was around 65 hours ago. I feel awful. I'm completely exhausted and spaced out. I feel like I'm disconnected from the world and my brain is a constant fog. No headaches or nausea which is good, but I could happily leave work right now and go home to sleep. The first two days I was incredibly dizzy and light-headed too, but that feels a tiny bit better today. Are these all normal symptoms? When do they go away? 

I've stopped smoking in the past with very minimal withdrawal symptoms, but this time I'm really struggling for some reason. Part of me wants to just start smoking again and try to quit again when I get home in two weeks. I've got a history of anxiety issues, so my brain keeps to telling me to defer the stress of quitting until I get home - but I know that's just the addiction talking. Any response would be appreciated :) 

EDIT: I've also got some 2mg Valium here that I take if I'm feeling anxious (maybe once a week at most). It is helpful or harmful to have one to help me get through this difficult day? 