My smoker journey ended last week!

Hi guys! I'm 29 and I've been smoking since I was 15, that is to say I've never lived my adult life without knowing what a non-smoker felt like. For 14 years I've smoked almost 2 packs a day. It was always the first thing in the morning, the last one before bed and the main thing in-between waking up and lying down. 

My life had a rough last few months, so three weeks ago I decided I was done with it and I started making an effort in all areas: I used to be (still am) this chubby guy with no interest whatsoever in getting healthier; I used to be this procrastinator with no interest whatsoever in getting to be an hard worker; I used to be this heavy smoker with no interest whatsoever in becoming a guy with clean lungs. See, the thing, I think, is that when you let yourself go wrong in one aspect, you end up not caring about everything else. 

My wake-up call was somehow stupid, but here it goes: last Wednesday, after a cardio workout session I went for a shower and without realizing I picked up a cigarette and started smoking mid-shower. Needless to say it got clumsy, the fag got all wet and I started coughing like crazy. I felt so ashamed, so stupid for not being in control of my own mind and body. For some it might seem a meaningless episode, but for me it was the last straw. 

Do I feel the urge to smoke? Every damn minute. Do I give in? Not even thinking about it. The craving is tough, but not tougher than me. I'm about to hit 30 years and got to think what kind of person I wanted to grow old - it's definitely not a heavy smoker, grumpy old guy with an endless appetite for a midnight snack and one more cigarette. 

My story is not more special than any of your stories, but it's mine and that's key here: if you keep trying to stop smoking because other people wants you to, you'll never make it. It must be your will prevailing, your own narrative, your very personal piece of storytelling and biography. 

Last but not least for you, young fella trying to quit: you do not know me and I don't know you, but believe me in this one - if I am being able to fight it, you'll be as well. I'm in no way a good example of self-control and hustle. Now go on and write your own "I just quit" story. 