Day One of Attempt Six: The Weaning Begins

Hey folks. I've smoked for six years now, since before I turned 17. Every single year since I started my new years resolution has been to stop, and thus far I haven't found the method that sticks. 

I want to do something different this time, and I've seen plugs for /r/stopsmoking several times so I wanted to come give it another try with a community of folks who are on the same page as me. 

So here's my plan and reasons, and I'd love to hear your stories and tips:

I just downloaded the LIVESTRONG Quit Smoking App for iPhone because it was the highest rated free app they have, and since in the last week I spent all my disposable income on cigarettes I couldn't afford to pay for a higher rated one. Irony. 

In the past, the most successful strategy I found was a gradual weaning; I managed to quit completely for almost a month before a breakup shook my resolve a little too much. So that's the plan I'll be using with the app, with the projected final quit date being my birthday, May 17th. 

My reasons are probably familiar to many of you, and there are a ton of them. 
I want to quit because I spend about $150 a month on cigarettes and money is tight. I want to use that money to buy a new computer. Start saving for an engagement ring. Take my lady out on more or nicer dates. Buy some nicer clothes.
My girlfriend doesn't like the smell and won't kiss me if I reek of smoke (but I am blown away every day by her tolerance; we've been together two years and she has never used my smoking as the source of an argument). I want to quit so I can be a better boyfriend to her, and because I want to spend as many healthy years with this girl as I can. 
I want to quit because my mother is a doctor and I've been subjected to lectures on every harmful side effect of smoking known to medicine. I am far from an ignorant smoker. 
I want to quit because I wake up every morning with a sore throat and a terrible taste in my mouth. 
I want to quit because I get out of breath if I have to jog more than a hundred feet even though I'm thin and otherwise healthy. 
I want to quit because I feel dependent on cigarettes to deal with practically any situation, good or bad. Stress at work? Smoke. Awesome day at work? Celebratory smoke! Beer? Smoke. Food time? Smoke... Bah. 

----------

On the flip side, I love smoking. Most people I talk to say they didn't like the smell of cigarettes before they started smoking. I loved it. My first cigarette was delicious. That first nicotine buzz a few weeks later when the actual addiction started was amazing. As a matter of fact this is part of the reason quitting is so hard. If I go a day without smoking I get that lovely lightheaded feeling with my next cigarette. If I go three days, suddenly they taste as amazing as they did that first time. I love blowing smoke, too. There's something mesmerizing about playing with the smoke that comes out of my lungs. 

I know this is a pretty long read but I wanted to get everything out this time. I'm scared to announce things to my friends and family again because I've tried to quit with their support before and I don't want to get their hopes up again until I have a good start under my belt. 

So how have y'all met with your success? Any tips for getting a stronger start this time would be greatly appreciated.