[UPDATE] Yesterday's diagnostic/info appointment with hypnotherapist

[Posted this earlier this week: the prequel to this prequel](http://www.reddit.com/r/stopsmoking/comments/3arga8/this_thursday_im_going_to_a_hypnotherapist_anyone/)

Gonna try to keep this minimal since not much has really happened yet. My first actual hypnotherapy appointment is scheduled for a month from now, but the doctor assured me that someone will cancel an appointment and that I'd be first to fill it in, my schedule permitting. Pretty sure my schedule will permit it, because I'm curious and excited.

I had emailed with him a little before even scheduling the appointment. Some valuable bits:

[American Society of Clinical Hypnosis - for setting the record straight. You can also use this to confirm that a therapist is certified.](http://www.asch.net) My doc has been doing this for awhile and has written two books on the subject for mental health professionals. If anyone's super-intrigued by this idea, PM me your relative area, and maybe you're near him like me, or maybe I can ask for a friend if he knows of any colleagues in your area. I'm not really sure about how to "shop around" for hypnotherapists - I just got lucky.

I asked if it would be appropriate to skip a dose of my regular meds (not a life-threatening condition or anything). I thought perhaps the occasional side effects I experience might get in the way. And, because I didn't exactly know where to start or how to be prepared to talk about smoking, I asked if he could tell me specifically what he needed to know about my smoking. To which he responded, 

> There isn't anything you need to do to prepare yourself for hypnosis. You've been going on and out of trance all your life but may not have appreciated it as such. As for your smoking history, I can get that on the day you arrive for your first appointment.

Once I got there, I also mentioned that, as a person who suffers from chronic neck/shoulder pain - would it be a good idea to get a massage before going to hypnotherapy, to relax and focus better? Apparently not - the therapy is designed to cut through any stressor whether or not or its related to smoking behavior. (Sigh of relief there for me.) 

He also sent me the list of questions he goes through with these sorts of appointments, and though he didn't ask me the last few, here it is for your enjoyment:

> 1. When did you start smoking? 
2. When is your last cigarette of the day?
3. When is your first cigarette of the day?
4. What will you miss most when you stop smoking?
5. What are some of your fears with regards to not smoking any longer?
6. Motivates you to stop smoking?
7. What current benefits do you get from smoking?
8. Since you have been smoking, what is the longest period of time that you have gone without smoking?
9. What if anything have you tried to stop smoking?
10. Do you ever awaken and smoke in the middle of the night?
11. Do you smoke when you have a bad cold?
12. Do you ever chain-smoke and if so when and how much?
13. What medications if any are you currently prescribed?
14. When, where, under what circumstances do you smoke cigarettes?
15. You smoke in your home?
16. Smoke in your car?
17. Do you smoke alone?
18. Are there other people in your home that smoke?
19.  What do you enjoy doing? Or better yet what is or are your passion(s)?
20. Who is supportive of you not smoking?
21. Is there anyone who could possibly sabotage your attempts to stop smoking? Usually these are other smokers.
22. What do you think of when you hear each of the following words: Apple, car, vacation. In other words give me a response/impression to each of those three words.

 He thought it was a good idea to move forward with it. Why? Well, it doesn't seem that there's any "law" to determining who will benefit from hypnotherapy, as anyone who genuinely wants to quit will, and will also probably benefit from learning the techniques. **BUT,** the one thing he did seem quite enthused about was the fact that I tend to take my first and last cigarettes of the day ~an hour from waking up and from going to bed. 

He mentioned that some people actually start canceling their last appointment or so (out of five) because they've already quit and don't feel like they need it anymore. He can't really give any success statistics, of course, because he doesn't call everyone back to see if they've relapsed.

He was also pretty intrigued by reading/writing as activities that trigger cravings and excessive smoking for me. I call it the smokestack effect. He told me he'd do a little experiment in the last few minutes of our session. About five minutes before the hour was up, he closed the shades, and started to guide me into a trance. He started by guiding my breathing, telling me to relax . . .

I could hear things outside the door but I tried my best to focus. I was feeling a little nervous because I wanted it to work, I was worried it wouldn't. I also worried I might burst out laughing; it seemed at first sort of like two kids trying to use a Ouija board. But I relaxed. Kept breathing. (This was especially odd for me because when I go to my regular doctor for checkups and he tells me to take deep, even breaths as he listens with a stethoscope: all of a sudden my breathing gets shallow and choppy. Can't help it; sorta embarrassing.) So I was relaxed, and even as I began to hear doors opening and closing throughout the rest of the office, and fragments of conversation: I stayed relaxed. I could smell somewhat stale, buttery-as-hell microwave popcorn wafting under the door, but I was still able to hold onto the guided mental landscape I was creating for myself. Then I started to feel a strange sort of tingling in my face and limbs. I started to notice this, and then the doctor began to end the session. To close the window, so to speak. Despite how heightened my senses were and how aware I was, prying my eyes open was actually a little difficult. It felt like waking up from a long nap. Doc asked me how long I thought the experiment took. "Um. Three minutes?" It actually was more like 13-15. The appointment had run over. As I waited for the woman at the desk to schedule three appointments for me, I still felt like I was waking up. It was dreamlike. Like lucid dreaming. 

That's all I got for now, but I can still answer questions; this obviously doesn't cover an hour+ worth of stuff. 

Hope it helps!

(edit words: guhhh)