seeking advice, especially from other women but really from anyone

Sorry, this is sort of long.

Oh, you strong, brave people. I've been smoking for the better part of eleven years. My husband and I both smoke, and as we approach our first wedding anniversary, we're making plans to stop. I'm 26; he's 22. Naturally, I've been smoking longer. Not only that, but he's admitted recently that he attributes many of his smokes to "wanting to be outside and talk with you." (Oh god my heart.) We're moving to another city, which is a great time to stop, but I want to do it beforehand so as to avoid having the stress of moving provoke a fit, thereby tainting our new habitat.

I've attempted several times, knowing that I need to stop. Health problems in the family, the insane monetary drain, the pure drudgery of it. I get it. My most successful attempt lasted about 6 months with the help of Wellbutrin, but ended. I did enjoy it. That was 5 years ago.

A few months after we'd started dating, my resolve to quit was renewed, and I started Wellbutrin again: this time, the pills made me feel like Alice in Wonderland. So I stopped. Forgave myself a little longer.

I get bad cravings.

It's an easier feat for my husband, and I can remember seeing a few years ago some research that suggests that [quitting is more difficult for women](https://www.psychologytoday.com/blog/ending-addiction-good/201501/it-s-harder-women-quit-smoking-it-is-men-0). 

That's a more recent article, but I knew it intuitively because I realized my cigarette cravings increased a week before my period. I realize that I need to plan my quit date accordingly, but are there any ladies out there that know how I feel? Do you have any tips? 

I've been reading easyway and although it's not all that informative, it's helping. 

*My genderless question:*
What's your go-to thing when you get a craving? Meditation & exercise, I get that and it's part of the plan. But what other behaviors have you guys used to modify your behavior or soothe your nagging brain? 

I really want to have a plan for "emergencies," and have a pile of options for getting through it. 

All suggestions will be appreciated! I'm so sick of the stupid shit and I don't want to let us down as a couple. Also: I don't want my husband to be the only one to win this game! : )
 