Now, that's just a rant!

OOOOOOOH!!

So you annot even make a joke anymore. So one of my friends shared this video on facebook:

https://www.facebook.com/faceogretmen/videos/919036681494483/?fref=nf

And i commented "This is meee!"

And she commented "We all are :)"

So i commented "Not everybody http://img4.wikia.nocookie.net/__cb20051128161815/nonsensopedia/images/3/3a/MoheroweBerety.jpg"

And she responded "Lol"

Now everything would be all right if not **this other girl** who started ranting about me being dissrespectful and sh*t. And only if those old ladies would gather up and start a lawsuit there would be more respect for them and that she feels like she has to defend them.

So i wrote what she thinks i done wrong

so she writes i am being dissrespectful for eldery woman and guilty of laughying at them.

(Just because the picture i posted says "Moherowe berety" which means "mohair berets" and is a urban description for eldery woman wearing mohair berets usually ranting at young people.

So i wrote EXTREAMLY LONG (and suprisingly semi-polite) response:

"Excuse me a friend that i don't know but if you want to play online lawyer you have to exercise a bit. You know right now it is not me, but you that implied that there would be something disresspectful for the old ladies, I simply pointed out that they usually aren't the one's addicted to smart phones. The rest you added up. According to polish law art 213-2 i didnt do anything wrong, and it would stay like that if you didn't come in playing superheroine waiting for the situation that you can ASSUME what the other person is thinking and basing on that throw accusatins at him without even thinking.  I will tell you one thing my friend so in love with polish law. I didn't break any rules, you did. You in this very moment accuse me on things i didn't do and THIS is a background for a lawsuit (According to  art 212-1). Yet i understand everybody can have a bad day, we all make mistakes, we all have issues, and i have a great deal of distance for me and othersso i will forget that one. Thanks and have a nice day."

Now. I know what i have done. I became a victim of a hater.

And i became a hater.

I deserve a roast. Give me your worst.

Oh, i would forget: I'm 76 days cigarettes and nicotine free, and i don't want to smoke :)

TL;DR: This Bitch' got me Bitchin' about this Bitch' Bitchin' about some old Bitchis'. I am not proud.