At one year and change, just my journey that can hopefully help at least one person :)

I quit about a year and a month ago because I was tired of waking up in the morning and being overwhelmed by the amount of shit in my lungs, I was tired of being addicted to something and draining my pockets and energy on something so vile that was gonna end up killing me, that red-hot feeling of my brain screaming at me that i needed nicotine and being willing to do anything necessary to get it and even going as far as taking half smoked butts out of ashtrays and walking alongside my road to find a good one. The feeling of weakness when my friends would smoke and I was broke and had to grovel for one. No more. It took me close to 2 months finally begin, I tried many different techniques and got really frustrated and angry because I kept failing. Then finally I just said fuck it. I locked myself up in my house for a week straight and chewed a ton of sugarless gum and didnt leave except to go outside and breathe for a while. Then at around 2 weeks I finally started coming out and hung out with my smoker friends. They all would offer them to me in a misery loves company type way and I would deny them even though I internally was freaking out. That built up my will power and strength. Each month I got stronger and stronger, withstanding trickier and tricker situations until around 6 months when I got that iron wall of will power back. Nowadays, I get a couple thoughts about them maybe once a day, sometimes even once a week, but I just brush it off like a fly on my shoulder. Now I go outside and take, rich, deep breathes and feel euphoric, honestly better than any cigarette ive ever had. That feeling of wholeness is slowly returning, that feeling of being in complete control is back. It feels really, really good. And of course my body has responded too, I feel stronger, have my vitality and longevity back and I can breathe through my nose for the first time in 2 years! My guard is still up and to a degree it always will be, but I'm very confident about the future. Hope this helped someone and gave you a reason to push forward.