11 months nicotine free!

I am now past 11 months nicotine free. Looking forward to making it one year in January.

I can tell you guys, if you’re struggling, that I seriously have not thought about a cigarette all day today. I have seriously not thought about cigarettes, really at all, for quite some time. I’m talking weeks. Yes, weeks can  go by without me thinking about a cigarette or any form of 
nicotine.

The only reason I was reminded, was because I went to a newsagent today, having not been in one for many months.  I was reminded of the multiple visits I used to make to such establishments. Boy, cigarette packaging has become really aggressive. Aggressively anti-smoking. I am so glad I do not smoke any more.

I am so glad that I am free from the daily, no hourly, battle with the societal rejection of smoking and smokers. I was living my daily life mainly in withdrawal from nicotine, because of the ever decreasing opportunities to actually ingest nicotine in a socially acceptable way. I was holding on, living a kind of half life, hoping and planning for the next fix. 

I have given up this fight. I no longer negotiate with the master nicotine. Nicotine has won. I am the loser. I am now paradoxically free because I’ve left the ring. I no longer delude myself that I can manage my nicotine consumption. I cannot! I cannot smoke a manageable amount. I have learnt that nicotine is either everything, or nothing. All nicotine consumption has ceased for me. And this is the key to freedom. My body has healed itself. And my mind has healed itself. 

All the fear that used to surround my thinking, whilst I was plucking up the courage  to give up, has left me. All that fear now seems like smoke and mirrors, a mental side show put on by my addictive mind. 

It took me two years of attempts at stopping. Each attempt showed me glimpses of the light in which I now live. But I failed because I disobeyed one simple rule: never pick up any nicotine ever again. One puff will wreck my quit. For months or years. My final relapse taught me that. 

I am now free from nicotine. I have re-claimed the territory that was rightfully mine all along: my own mind. 

I am still an addict though: and I must remain vigilant. I must remember that one single puff will unleash the monster in my mind again. The smoke and mirrors, delusions, lies, fears - all will come alive again if I take one puff. 

I stopped smoking by using the resources at [WhyQuit.com](www.whyquit.com) . This is a non-profit website, maintained by ex smokers. I also read the free book, available on that website, called “freedom from nicotine the journey home”.

Good luck you can do it. I did. After 35 years on 30 a day. 

Ben.[Why Quit](www.whyquit.com)

