How I have changed after quitting smoking.

Today is my 10 months smoke free anniversary. And I have been thinking about the journey a lot today.  I guess one of the things I didn't expect when quitting would be how it would impact my personality once I quit. I remember smoking used to play such an important part of my life, I would plan my hourly work breaks for a cig, using it to get up and walk around clearing my head and being present and available to the people around me. I would plan my days into chapters which revolved around looking forward my next smoke. For example, I connected landing in an airport and the joy of having a well earned smoke, walking out of the arrivals terminal, looking around and enjoying the stress melt off my body. Nearly all of my socialising went hand in hand with smoking, whether over drinks or conversations huddled around using it as an excuse to chat, or even making a new friend over a shared passion - sometimes pushing me out of my comfort zone. I miss a lot of it to be honest.

&amp;#x200B;

But there are have been dramatic changes, I feel less anxious overall, I sleep better than I ever remember doing, I now exercise all the time  (got into both running and crossfit). I used to not to even bother doing any physical activity because I thought, what's the point as long as I'm smoking 1-2 packets a day thinking that improvement was never possible. I can now concentrate better, I don't need to excuse myself on the hour every hour breaking up my thoughts. When I see my friends smoking and nervously playing with their cigarette packets or lighters, I do not miss that. I also do not miss my mood being dependent on them, and the smoking self-loathing has disappeared, and I want to improve everyday, physically and mentally, and not need a crutch to be the best version of myself. 

&amp;#x200B;

I guess what I've been trying to process today is that quitting smoking has had one of the biggest dramatic changes on my life than anything I have done in a long time. Most changes good, but some things I look back on fondly. I have come to realise that it takes waking up everyday and committing to yourself that the pros outweigh the cons and whenever you feel like you are about to mess up, counting on all the things I can do now I couldn't ever do 10 months and a day ago. 