Day 9 thoughts l.

1) Edit: I'm not sure what happened with that title. Whoops. Caused a craving because judgy internet people freak me out. Also, changed all the numbers, accordingly. 

2) The patch helps tremendously, and also smells weird. It fell off one day, and I was incredibly angry about stupid shit. I think it's important to be self reflexive and point out how much of an entitled asshole I turned into in the 8 hours I didn't have the patch on. (I left it off since the instructions say to put it on at the same time every day and was worried about messing up the schedule.) So, here's the thoughts that ran through my head. "They didn't say hi to me." "Fuck this. I deserved that award." "Whatever. Quit trying so hard. Your best friends don't do shit for you." I say all this so if anybody else is quitting and gets the thoughts and wonders if smoking made them better humans they know it's probably normal. I hate being angry, so I smoked when I was angry. Now I have to learn new ways to cope with anger. I also have severe social anxiety, and smoking helped with that. I think I'm also getting irrationally angry so I can make an excuse not to be around people. I swear I'm a fucking nice human and normally wouldn't think those things let alone put them in public, but I thought this might help others. 

3) Nothing tastes or smells better for me. :/ I'm wondering if this has to do with the fact that I smoked around 5-8 cigarettes a day-more on the weekends, though-for about 7 years. Speaking of irrational anger, I'm incredibly jealous of all you folks who are tasting and smelling better. 

4) Or maybe things do taste better I've just been eating fucking donuts, ice cream, candy, anything sweet like I'm getting paid to. I am not hungry for meals, like a balanced meal with vegetables and all that jazz. I want sweets. This is odd for me given that I wake up at 5 am every morning and eat eggs and bacon and would usually take meat and potatoes over anything sweet. I've never liked sweets. Some random website informed me sweet cravings are normal. I prepared for this week and got some Halo Top ice cream, outshine fruit bars, fiber one bars (might as well be on a regular shitting schedule if all I want is sugar), Noosa Yogurts (protein), and Fruit. 

5) Holy shit, smoking was fun! While I smoked more during bad times (depression, anxiety, anger, etc.), I also smoked while having beers or getting high with my best friends, after a really good meal, during heart to hearts, and LOTS of bonding was done on porches during chain smoking sessions. Learning to disassociate smoking with happiness, laughter, shared sadness, deep emotional connections to other humans is rough, but necessary to quit smoking. It has helped me to actively seek out these friends, even the ones who smoke, to start making memories without smoking. Sure, they're still smoking and that can make it a bit hard, but I've been reminding myself what I'm doing in the moment and that helps. Oh, and making sure they know I've quit! 

6) I never coughed as a smoker. On about day 6, I've been coughing and feeling like my throat is just scratchy like I'm about to cough something up. I could be sick, I guess l, but that's not what it feels like. I've read that can be normal. Either way, if it is related to quitting it kinda makes me feel healthier because when I cough I don't lose my breath as easily and it's not as tasking. It also makes me think my lungs are recovering. These could be completely fringe theories I have made up in my head, who knows.

7) COPD is scarier than cancer and has been freaking me out for months. COPD basically means you suffocate to death slowly for years. I watched this wonderful old man who was like my grandpa suffer from it for years as a kid, and that has been a morbid and really fucked up reminder of why doing this is important. I hate admitting that someone else's suffering is my encouragement, but Wayford always told me to never smoke, so I think he'd be okay with it.

8) Being on the job market in academia will be a lot easier if I don't get antsy before and after every interview or meeting. While lots of people smoke in higher education, it's still taboo to say "hey, I need a smoke break before this interview" and then peace out of the interview and say, "hey, I need another cig." You gotta have a game face and the cigarettes, in my mind, would make me look weak. I'm trying to stop to prevent that too.

9) Finally, tell people. I told all my close friends, particularly those that don't smoke. I've reached out to them on alternating days to celebrate one more day not smoking or just to distract me when I get cravings. I knew from past experience I couldn't do it alone, but that I'd feel guilty bombarding one person with lots of messages about my smoking, so having lots of people to reach out to is helpful for me. I finally told my mom, who thought I quit smoking 8 years ago. She was super supportive and now I have someone who I feel no guilt or anxiety about calling at any time day or night to get support. Support systems are key. 
