Pre-cursor quitting quitting - quitting other things first has been the best help

I've been trying to quit for about a year now, didn't get serious until about 6 or 7 months ago. I tried cold-turkey, I've read Carr's book, I go through this sub occasionally, but the BEST things that have helped me in my journey have been quitting other things first and always always always having snacks and gum.

I keep snacks and gum in all my coat jackets, my backpack, and my car, so there's no excuse. I always smoke in the car, even on good days, so the gum is essential there. I also have a habit of having a cigarette for breakfast/lunch in lieu of food, so much so that'll it'll be 6 or 7 at night before I've realized I've eaten nothing and smoked half a pack. 

But... quitting... I never thought I could have the actual power to do it. I quit caffeine 7 months ago and now I KNOW I can do it. I weaned off coffee by replacing my afternoon cup with black tea, then my morning cup, then cutting out the afternoon tea, then switching to green tea, to now herbal tea in the morning. I got bad headaches and felt sick for a couple weeks, but my god. Today, 7 months later, it's extremely easy to get out of bed, it's easier to get work done without thinking about coffee, it's easier to focus on work, I have way more energy in the morning, hardly ever lethargic. 

The point: drinking coffee now empowers me. I drink it occasionally, and I get a super strong buzz over it. I decline top-offs at restaurants with ease. I am in control of coffee now. THAT has empowered me to quit smoking. NOW I KNOW I can quit something, I know what withdrawal symptoms are like, I know what the end of a hard journey looks like... I know that I can quit whatever I want, now that I have quit something already.

I am posting because the conventional quitting methods I see in the sub just don't work for me, besides the snack/gum thing. The book, the app, etc. just never really helped me. But taking something that already existed in my life and changing that permanently DID. It showed me that I really can do it. And I haven't had a cigarette in days, even if I am 6 months out of quitting coffee... I hope this method helps someone else out there. Be it sugar, coffee/caffeine, junk food, shopping, quitting something a little bit easier first can be a huge, huge help.