Stopping smoking after 18 years (I'm 32)

I'm sure these posts get posted a lot, but I figured I'd just go ahead and do it anyways because - hey - why not?

I started smoking somewhere around 14 and I'm 32 now.  Honestly, I've probably intended to quit for the last 10 or 11 years and never just actually gone all the way through with it. 

I've abstained from smoking for long periods of time - trips where I've just decided I wouldn't smoke, when I've had my wisdom teeth out, etc. And really, beyond a few little hiccups the first day or so, I never had a problem just not smoking.  Which, hilariously, is kind of the problem. It's always been easy not to smoke so I always go back to smoking and get right back into it.  

When I fully try to quit, I usually just cave and decide to go another day or so before actually getting to the point where I want a cigarette, and it's almost for the same reason - it's easy not to do it, I'll just stop tomorrow.  This is obviously dumb.

But tomorrow is it and I'm done.  I have a father who quit for years and started again.  He has Parkinson's now (not smoking related) as well as a few other health problems (smoking related) and I can't help but think that his overall health would be much better if he just never started again and how sad that is. 

Beyond that, I've deduced that it's hands-down the most destructive force in my life. I don't smoke because I drink, I often drink because I smoke - "I'm going to quit tonight, time to drink 5 beers and finish off this pack".  Amazingly, when I drink on weekends, I don't even really smoke because I'd rather just hang out with people and drink.   But those small weekday drinking sessions add up, as does the binge smoking and I've really started to notice that it's harder to run long distances (which has cropped up in the last year) and the financial burden is huge.

But really, more than anything else, it's that I've actually started to feel a bit powerless.  And fuck that; I've smoked most of my life now, it's time to take control back.

And that's that.  Thanks for the info I've been reading for the last hour or so, and good luck to all of you. I've read Allan Carr before and I'm just watching a bit of his movie version now (May or may not finish, it's already strengthened my resolve...although I know I should), and I know this is the end of it for me.


*Update* A day in and I suck.  See post below. 
