I need help with a smoking person...

...that is my mother. With each day I'm growing more and more done with her heavier than anything I know addiction to smoking and my will to get out from her grows stronger and stronger (I'm at the last year before high school, so when I'll finish my current school I'll be able to move out as soon as possible). It's not that I hate her - I love her as much as she loves me. I can't think about living without her, but smoking is the only thing I hate about her.  
I hate the smell like nothing else. She doesn't care where she smokes - kitchen, living room, bathroom, in my car (I still remember how she told me that she will never smoke when I'll pass my driving exams and I'll be driving). She even smokes in BED. Whenever she wakes up, the first thing to do is to not eat a breakfast - it's to have a smoke and go to the bathroom. Before she goes to work, she'll have a smoke one more time. When she gets back from work, guess what - an instant look into handbag for cigarettes. After that, she has a smoke like every 15 minutes. When she goes to bed, she'll have a couple of smokes while in bed.  
I often sit to the late night working on my projects and even at those really late hours, I commonly hear as she gets up, uses her lighter (God, I HATE that sound by now) and goes to the bathroom. Once, I heard that she lit up a cigarette, but she didn't go to the bathroom, so I've checked her room and I saw that she was sleeping WITH A LIT CIGARETTE IN HER MOUTH. Thank goodness that I knew her pattern of "late-night-smoking-and-going-to-bathroom".  
For christmas, me and my dad bought her an electrical cigarette, although she wasn't really fond of this gift. She gave it a try, but later, she started lying that she uses it and, on purpose, she even broke it. You can tell that our idea didn't work...  
I've grown so much hate towards smoking just because my mother can't tolerate that I hate the smell. I can smell it from every part of our flat. Today, I've decided to write this post in hope to get some help. I'm worried about her and myself. I feel that I can get some illness due to being a passive smoker. Is there anything that can be done to make her quit smoking?