Tried my first cigarette since 2010... it was disgusting and I stopped after the third puff.

...its sitting disgustingly in the dead plant pot I put it out in.

I'm not in a good place right now, but that is the subject matter of a whole bunch of other subreddits that ain't this. I got to a point where I said "fuck it, I've got nothing else, might as well smoke a cig..." But like I said, it tasted gross, I put it out, and I'm sitting here with a gross taste in my mouth (as opposed to any satisfaction)

Here's some background. I started smoking early in college, and was over a pack a day for probably 5 years. I quit cold turkey in March of 2010 because of a trip to my parents, a dream, and a comment my girlfriend made.

My girlfriend and I visited my parents, and I would cut back around them and only smoke in the morning and at night (they knew I did it, but I didn't want them to see). After I smoked the last one I had, about half way through the trip, I had a very striking dream. It wasn't dramatic though; All I did was I drove my car, I ate some food, I visited my buddy - and I didn't smoke.

But somehow, in the way dreams can do it, it came to me with a simple concept. The idea of quitting seems like it comes with a death grip. Like you have to hold on to quitting for dear life. As if *not* smoking was a high steaks inner tube where if you let go for a moment you'd be swept back in the abyss. But the dream very clearly stated this to me: "You are already holding on to dear life. You are already working. Let go, and you'll find out the abyss is so much nicer and easier than this shit"

I woke up, and my girlfriend said "we should quit smoking" and that was it. I let go. It wasn't easy, persey, to quit, but I just kind of did and didn't let myself think to much about it. The dream made its impact and I still remember the message, but I don't remember the struggle as well because I refused to let myself think about it. 

I am only loosely familiar with this subreddit, and I so I don't know how I'll really sound. But I wanted to relay this moment: Its been 4 amazing years of smelling smells, tasting food, having energy, and not being constantly thinking about my next smoke break. I was tempted, I had some of a cigarette, some old part of me said "yes yes yes! go go go!" but an oh so much bigger part of me said "This is gross and now you feel gross."

And now I have a bad taste in my mouth and want to blog about it.  Fuck cigarettes. I'm done, and that's not even hard to say anymore.