This time I WILL quit smoking.


Been smoking for about 20 years now, around 20 a day for most of them years. Stopped for around 4 months a few years back. Why o why did I take that 1 cigarette again I do not know. But that 1 cigarette hooked me again for years until now.  Smoking just makes me so unhappy with myself and I really need to quit this time. I'm not under any illusion about enjoying them as I really don't it's just I can't stop! 

I've been trying to stop since the new year. Everyday (and I do mean everyday) I wake up saying 'Thats it. No more' and I normally last nearly the full day before panic sets in and I end up taking one from my wife. Which then makes me feel worse and I then have to go to shop to buy another pack for myself.  Each time I buy another pack I feel such a failure. I end up smoking the full 20 within a few hrs knocking my self sick in the process and telling my self tomorrow will be different.  Tomorrow will be easier. It never is but every bloody day since January I have done this. EVERYDAY! :( 

It's just dragging me down and down so much and making me miserable, feeling stupid and such a failure. Why on earth do I do this to myself?  Tried all the usual patches, mints and sprays etc.  None of it seemed to help.  I've even lasted 4 days and I felt brilliant. Energy levels were starting to go up. The feeling you get when you wake up during these days is wonderful as if you have a extra spring in your step.  Happiness goes up. But what do I do - I 'reward' myself for lasting 4 days with a fxxxing cigarette. How bloody stupid I am. When will I learn!!

I just really cant go on like this. Its destroying my life now. I am completely obsessed with cigarettes - smoking or not I constantly think about them. When I'm smoking I'm calling myself everything under the sun for smoking, and when im not smoking I'm thinking 'i want a cigarette' which I do counter with positive thinking which works at the start but then a really intense craving comes on and I just can't get passed it, ending up fixated on the feeling which makes me evertually smoke one. 

My entire life since January has been about cigarettes. Stupid thing is that I know if I quit then these feelings will go and I'll be so much happier never having to go through this misery any more. I'm hoping posting here will give me that final boost needed to finally be free. And a post I can look back on when I'm finding it tough to remind myself of what I was feeling at the start.

I've just finished reading Allen Carr easy way and have had my final cigarette 1 hr ago. I am slightly apprehensive mind you and really don't think it will be as easy as he makes it out. But easy or hard I really need to quit this time. No 'trying' to quit this time and actually doing it. No ifs or buts I need to do it for my own sanity. I just need to stay focused and get through it this time. 

This is me a non smoker now!