I cant grasp the mindset of quitting

Hey all, I need some help. I cant keep the mindset to quit cigs. I have so many legitimate reasons to quit and always say I will but honestly never do. Ill go to bed pumping myself up, only to wake up in the morning and go outside with a cigarette. I get angry and ill rinse and repeat this process. Ive beaten a lot of hard things in my life after a serious brain injury. Doing things they said I would never do again, but this, this no I cannot beat. Ive tried vaping, going to dip, patches, chantex, gum, and lozenges. I just keep going back.  

Ive been smoking for 14 years, 2 packs a day. Its starting to take its toll both physically and financially ($10 a pack.) Im noticing lately my chest always feels heavy (like full of liquid feeling, its hard to explain the feeling, like a pressure i guess) as well as occasionally getting shooting pains in my chest. My hands will go numb just typing this out on my phone holding it (not sure why but its new) as well as having numb arms when I wake up in the morning. My throat constantly hurts, stomach always has a pit in it, and constantly light headed. As if these weren't good enough reasons. But alas I continue to smoke. 

Now heres where im a giant asshole and I hate myself for it, and constantly beat myself up. I have a 3 year old and a newborn (I only smoke outside and not near them.) That alone should cause me to quit. I keep picturing them not growing up without a father and horrible thoughts like that. Ill even come to tears at night with it, but I still smoke. Im flipping smoking as I type this sadly. 

Ive beaten so many things but this I cant. Its got this unbelievable grip on me. I'll walk into the local gas station every morning and without asking they grab me 2 packs of newports. Its sad. 

Why? What do I need to do or have happen? I cant fathom why I go through this vicious cycle every day, but I do. It literally sickens me. 

This is my hopeful eye opening mind changing post. Hopefully someone can say something that can really click or encourage me to get over that hump, because with all the reasons I have to actually quit, I cant. My simple excuses of anxiety and fear of what my next day could bring (I think i have some sort of thing that didn't heal correctly after tbi because I get extremely anxious and scared of what the next day could throw at me) keeps me smoking. 

Thanks for letting me post this, and thank you for any responses. 