Here we go! Extremely nervous though

So last night I decided enough was enough. Ive been vaping now for about 3 weeks, and sparingly smoking. I usually smoke anywhere between 40-45 cigarettes a day. Once I started vaping I never went over 8 cigarettes in a day. That was a huge victory for me. I got sick, but not sure if it was some type of withdrawal or if it was the time of the year. 

Anyways I got a bit lit up after work last night, and was doing great just vaping. I figured you know what im only at cig number 4 for the day, ill light up. Bad idea in actuality because it tasted gross and I smoked maybe half of it and went back to vaping and drinking. Fast forward a few hours go by and im basically sober at this point and order a pizza. On the way there I decide ok im sober now, ill try a smoke again since im still under my limit for the day, epic fail. Almost puked from it. Kind of odd because im a heavy smoker. So inside the pizza shop theres a few guys I know that smoke, so I said fuck it, take my smokes I dont want them. No explanation given, just handed it to them.

Fast forward to this morning, Im awake at 4 am (3 yo and a 6 mo old, so sleep is something that doesnt really happen for me.) My usual routine once I feed the little one and put him back to bed and then check on my daughter is to go to the local gas station and get a coffee and 2 packs of smokes for the day. I usually then sit outside and just friggen chain smoke for about 30-45 minutes. Extremely gross, usually in the morning just doing that Ill smoke 6 cigarettes easily. The past few weeks ive changed that routine to 3 out of my 8 daily cigarettes.

So im sitting there brushing the dusting of snow off my trucks windshield and im thinking oh man this is bad news. I have 0 cigarettes and im going to the gas station. Ugh here we go again its going to happen. Same typical crap, I have a birthday party in the afternoon ill be smoking might as well just buy them. I get in the truck and sort of forget about it for a few minutes while I start smelling something gross in my truck. Its stale cigarette smoke. Hmmm never honestly noticed it before.

Get to the gas station and grab my coffee and some heartburn meds. Girl working their knows me, instantly grabs 2 packs of Newports and rings them in. I just stand there staring at them (she knows ive been wanting to quit forever, shes a smoker in the same situation though so she gets it) and I just say nah im good, pay for my coffee and meds and bid a good day. I sit in my truck, take a puff of the vape and just smile with a huge sense of accomplishment.

Writing this I still have a decent craving but im vaping it away and extremely proud of myself. I had to post this for multiple personal reasons. As of finishing this post its been 12 hours since my last cigarette. Which, for me, is a huge accomplishment.

Anyways thanks for letting me throw this out there and hoping I can stay strong. Im curious what kind of withdrawals ill get even though im vaping with nicotine in it. Im assuming ill get some from the other chemicals in cigarettes. Hopefully my wife will notice im not smoking and encourage me. Shes seen me fail so many times at quitting smoking it doesnt even phase her anymore.

Thanks!!