I want to quit smoking again, a few things holding me back. Help please?

All my family members smoked around me and they still do. I had multiple health complications as a child. I grew up hating cigarettes (like every child I suppose) but once puberty hit I thought I could try it since my friends smoked too. It's not like the country I live in was actively working against smoking like now, everyone smoked. I was fifteen when I started, only one or two a day, I used to feel happy I don't feel addicted to it lol. A few years later I figured out I wasn't inhaling the smoke and that's how I started smoking twenty a day. 

Now at 26 I want to quit, having quitted cold turkey for a year already once but went back to it, I feel like I have the power to quit anytime but two things are holding me back.

I'm scared of withdrawal stuff happening again. They don't tell you this but I had such an awful time with it,  flu-like symptoms, vivid dreams, night sweats, so much coughing and I developed asthma too. This went on for months and I even coughed blood a few times. Doctors were skeptical and unhelpful but one said the celia cleaning the lungs might have went overboard since they started working again and had so much to do. I live with my family and they still smoked, I couldn't even hang around them much. I gained fifteen pounds which is not few when you're 5' 3" but maybe the worst is my back broke out in cysts so badly. I could barely wear something snug. I had never had acne before. Once I started smoking again the back acne went away smh, maybe in a few weeks. The good was I felt like I could taste food for realsies, especially the sweet stuff start to taste appetizing. Teeth went back to being white and never had bad breath, the yellow hue on my skin went away and I had red cheeks again, I was more energized and hardly got tired.

The other problem that's keeping me from making the decision is, I live with heavy smokers. It's not an option to move out in a foreseeable future and it's really unlikely they'll quit smoking, especially my mom. I know inhaling secondhand smoke is pretty bad, probably worse even so would it even matter if I quit, with all the smoking around me? I looked it up and the answers were either a no or not sure. 

Thank you for reading this word vomit and if you have information or encouragement I'd love to hear it! Thank you.