I wanted to share my experience of becoming a non smoker...

Smoking for 25 years and having a one sided sore throat over the past six months scared me into endless worrying that the consequences were catching up with me.  But still I smoked on and on through the soreness and the anxiety (mainly caused by googling images and information about oral cancer) and ran out of options on over the counter medications until I had to admit to myself nothing was actually getting rid of it.  Only one last thing to try, stop the cigarettes and inhaling the irritants even if it was just for a few days. I had to at least try and I promised to myself not to smoke until my throat got sorted. I didn't want to stop smoking and my mindset was 'I am just taking a break, go to the doctors, get it sorted and then you can smoke again.' The first two weeks felt incredibly hard but I used the mist spray, read other people's comments on here and used the smoke free app and I got through each day.

So seven smoke free weeks consisted of appointments with numerous doctors at the hospital for tests and scans and I have felt incredibly scared and overwhelmed.  I still got cravings but my mind was focused on dealing with all that was happening. I am fortunate, I got the all clear from oral cancer last Friday and felt a sense of utter relief but by the time I walked out the hospital my mad brain had already engaged and was saying 'throats clear, you kept your promise, it's time to smoke!' It was that instantaneous!

My cravings then went to a whole new level and for five days I could think of nothing else but smoking. So I made another promise, I would choose to smoke on one day, which ended up being yesterday, and then return to not smoking. That was one of the best decisions I have ever made. I opened the pack, lit up and expected to feel exactly like I did before but it just didn't happen. It did taste different, it did feel strange holding it and inhaling and it felt like I was wasting my time and I could go and do something else. The realisation dawned that I didn't want to smoke, I didn't need to smoke and I have changed without really noticing it. The rest of the pack got screwed up and thrown away. Today I have not had a single craving, have felt really relaxed about being a non smoker and know this is now my choice to stop, not because I needed to/ should do or have to. 

I wanted to share my own personal journey to becoming a non smoker and from reading posts on here I've learned we are all on our own personal journeys and it will be an individual experience for each of us but from someone who'd resigned themselves to smoking for the rest of their life, take heart, keep trying and you might just surprise yourself! I know I did...