Not Smoking. No Binge Eating. Meds that really help me focus. Seems like I can only choose one

Alright so I (25f) started smoking when I was 17. All my friends and my parents smoked but I managed not to until the day I bailed my ex boyfriend out of jail. I've been smoking ever since. I was a pretty heavy smoker (A pack of Marlboro red 100s per day) up into college. Definitely stress related and I started smoking more to replace some self destructive habits that were worse in the short term. 

I cut down a lot probably after I graduated college. I could go a few days and not even really notice it. I was basically a social smoker. Don't get me wrong, when I did smoke with people I chained smoked like crazy, but I had a much easier time trying to quit. 

When I cut back I started eating sweets like crazy. I've gained like 50 pounds since I started dating my bf. I imagine this is because I got into a relationship, had more financial security, I could afford to eat, and I cut back on smoking. I'm only 5"1 so 50 pounds is A LOT for me. So I traded a harmful coping mechanism for smoking. Then smoking for eating. 

I've utilized a lot of mental health services. I've got a therapist and treated many of my issues. One of them being ADD. My NP is very med conservative and keeps a very close eye on what I take. I see her every month. This med has been extremely helpful for me. It's helped me with binge eating and my attention which has helped me with my stress immensely. The catch is, I smoke more than ever before. Like...almost a pack a day. Constantly all day. I can put 10 away just sitting outside with friends. The cravings are insane. 

Nicotine patches make me sick because of the stimulant I take it causes me to metabolize faster. I don't know what to do. I need to quit. My mom had a stroke from smoking while on the pill. My grandmother died from emphysema. And I don't know how my Dad doesn't have lung/throat cancer. He literally smokes almost 2 packs a day.  

Is there anything positive I can replace this shit habit with that doesn't make me eat like crazy or have to come of the meds that for once actually help me? I've lost only 15 pounds. I'm under 150 for the first time in years. I've literally cried with how much happier I am with my body already. Just taking out that stress has made me so much happier. But I know this smoking habit is going to catch up with me. Any thoughts?

Tl;dr: I started smoking to quit some other bad habits. I started binge eating when I cut back on smoking. I started smoking a lot when I started taking a medication that helps with ADD but also has a benefit of curb binge eating. I want to stop smoking without having to sacrifice this new medication. 