First 24 hours

Accountability Post (hoping this helps with the smoking like it did with the weight loss ;-)

A bit of background; I’ve lost 5 stone since last October and had braces on since last November. I’ve gone from sedentary to being pretty active (bodybuilding x4 a week/ running 5k at least twice and going to a dance class).  My braces are due to come off at the end of this month, then after some more work and a whitening process they will be completely sorted.

I have smoked for over 15 years, and I really feel that now is the time to quit, throughout all the weight loss I’ve made the excuse that “I can’t do everything at once” but now it’s really impacting on my running ability, and my dentist has told me to quit before the braces come off.  Also in all honestly I don’t feel that smoking fits me and my new persona.  My daily mantra for the last year has been “to be the best possible version of myself” and I know smoking is not part of this.

So yesterday I came away to Spain (from the UK) I’m here on holiday (the first one all year), I’m having a little let down from my eating and work out routine, with the idea being to go back next week revived and ready to get back to it.

I’ve been full of a cold, with a very sore throat (sods law just as I’m coming away) - I had my last cigarette at 8am yesterday before boarding the plane, and just haven’t fancied one since.

A good friend has been telling me that “smoking will give me up” she just stopped a few years ago and never looked back.  I’m really hoping that this is what’s going on with me now!  I know I don’t want to smoke, I know it’s impacting on my life and health, and I hate being addicted/reliant on something and feeling I have no control over it.

I’m posting here, as I’m pretty sure it’s not going to be all plain sailing, and that the cravings will come harder/faster/stronger over the next few days, and rather than bore to tears the people I’m away with, I’m just going to rant on this post lol.

If you’ve read this far (sorry you must be bored lol)  thanks for sticking with, any advice on how to distract myself/minimise cravings would be much appreciated!

