Former 3 packs a day, done for 8 Years.

Tomorrow, 6/15 will be my 8 years.  

I quit smoking because a friend at work asked me for a cigarette.  I had 2 left, (it was crazily rare for me not have at least 2 packs stashed away).  I jokingly said: "What if this is the last pack I ever buy...."  She laughed.  And laughed.  And laughed some more.  We smoked those two cigarettes and after she laughed again.  Like it was so crazy that would I would ever quit.  That was my last cigarette.

I posted this in LoseIt when someone asked for advice, so I want to put it here too.

I smoked for about 15 years. I was a 3 pack a day smoker for the last 4 years or so.

I had tried cutting back, didn't work. Switching to lights, just smoked more. Dipping instead, ended up smoking while dipping.

Finally I just said no more. It sounds simple, but it was not. I just told myself no. The first day was a nightmare, the first week was a nightmare, then it was just a bad dream for a month, then it was kind of ok, etc, etc etc.

I did a few things to try to help. I found the worst pack of cigarettes I could and I carried them unopened. (for me it was Austin Full Flavor Menthol). After a month or so I stopped carrying them, but I still carried my zippo for about 6 months, it was my safety blanket. For awhile I put a rubberband around my wrist and when I wanted a cigarette, I would snap it hard, then I switched to 10 pushups or walking a flight of stairs instead.

Trash talking cigarettes in my head helped too. Telling myself I was stronger than stupid fkn cigarette. Wasn't going to let it control me.

It never fully goes away either. It's been 8 years and I sometimes I get a craving checking out a convenience store just looking at that wall of cigs. I don't ever do it, it's just a thought that pops in and goes away just as quick.

Sometimes I dream about it. Super vivid dreams like you normally have about sex or winning the lottery. The dreams where you wake up disappointed because it felt so real. I'll have dreams where I still have my zippo and Im lighting up a marlboro.

You are stronger than the cigarette.
