I had a dream last night..

Naturally I don't remember much context. At some point, I had taken a cigarette and put it in my ear.  Later on, I was in a car with a known smoker.  I remembered the stick in my ear, and instinctively reached for it. I twirled it in my fingers a bit, and after a bit of internal struggle, put it back in my ear. Of course, the idea never left me, and that frustrated me immensely. I flicked that shit without a further thought.

These are the kinds of things that make it real for me.  I have 50 days (which I wouldn't even know, if it weren't for my handy dandy app).

I read Allen Carr's book, and 40 pages in, I never looked back. Now I realize that this is not a viable method for every single person trying to quit. (Especially if you're at all well read, he is a terrible author.)  But here are the two biggest things that stuck with me:

1. You aren't giving anything up.  I know it might sound crazy, but there was never anything to give up in the first place.  You are only going to get things back.  
My personal favorite "return" from quitting smoking is not smelling like shit all the damn time. Specifically, for me, it doesn't smell healthy, and health plays a bigger role in attraction than most people are aware of.  
But that's just me, and if you are a smoker, I'm sure you are more than well aware of all the positives you could reclaim, whether tangible or intangible, were you to quit smoking.  
  
  
2. Fool me once...  
That's to say, once a person can *see* smoking for what it is, only the fool would turn back a second time.  
At first smoking seems fun, it has slight physical effects, and creates a perceived benefit.  That's how you get hooked.  Any seasoned smoker can tell you that none of these "benefits" persist.  
So if you can recognize that fact, and break the bond nicotine holds over you, it should be a simple matter to never return.  Freedom is **your** choice.  

I am a non-smoker, and have been since the moment I put out my last smoke.  Join me.  The water is fine.