Started the nicotine patch... Holy living fuck my dreams...

I started the 14 mg nicotine patch. I don't usually worry about dreams. I read on the box that sleep disturbances can occur but like the naive douchebag that I am, I said fuck it. Anyways I went through 6 days without problems but on the 7th day, Jesus fucking Christ. I had the most vivid and terrifying dream of my life. I could remember every single little detail and how I felt. I typed it out immidiately after I woke up. It was one of those dreams where you wake up and have to relearn everything you're actually about. 

Like all dreams for me, generally, all logic will go out the fucking window. And you're dreaming so you don't question it. It's normal to you. Well in this dream my environment around me was such a mess as usual. But my mind felt like my waking self. I shouldn't say that even. My mind was a mess too. My thoughts were scattered and I struggled to speak and I didn't know why. I could literally feel that my brain wasn't working right. I kept questioning everything, including my sanity. I literally thought that I was losing my mind. Here is what I wrote down as soon as I woke up. 

If you don't feel like reading my dream skip to the end. I've marked where it starts and stops. I really just wanted to get this off my chest and tell somebody how terrified I was.

*Note: this was edited after the fact to relieve typos and grammar that my half asleep self wrote out in crayon. The content remains the same. I do not embellish any parts or add any details to make the dream make sense. This is exactly how it happened or at least what I remember.*

--------

I woke up somewhere early in the morning. I didn't know where I was. The streets were vaccant and foggy. 
My mind felt just the same. 
I felt distant and confused as hell. 
I started walking down the road. It was desolate and lonely. 
Not a soul in sight. 
I kept trying to figure out how I got there. I didn't know where my car was and I just wanted to get home.
I walked a good mile before I realized that my car was where I woke up and that I had been walking in the complete opposite direction. I was so angry at myself for being so stupid.
So I kept walking.
Now there was snow and I mean a LOT of snow. 
Up to my knees.
I came across an old timey medieval looking house. The roof was curved in such a way that it stretched all the way from the Apex of the second floor to the ground.
I kept trudging through the snow. It occurred to me that the ground I had been walking on was an insanely steep slope, but I kept moving on.
When the ground leveled off, I realized that I had just walked up the fucking roof of this house. How could I be so stupid? Why didn't I just think and go around?
I felt embarrassed. 
Confused. 
My mind didn't feel like it was working right.
I laid on my back and just slid down the roof, traveling a good 30 feet across the ground until my legs were shunted under a parked sedan. I wrapped my hands around the bumper and pulled myself to my feet.
Brushing myself off, I tried to walk around this house but instead, I found myself buried in 5 feet of snow. 
I couldn't figure out how to get around. 
I started to climb an archway In the middle of this midieval structure to try to get over the snow. But the archway was made of decorative, and flimsy plywood. I could feel it buckle under my weight. I thought to myself "I really don't want to destroy this person's property" 
I didn't want to risk it. 
So I jumped back down. 
I plummeted into the snow and it engulfed my entire body. The snow was up to my neck but I trudged through the archway.
Inside the house I could hear strange music. I could hear people talking and laughing in nonsensical, fragmented sentances. The ambience sounded like multiple songs being played backwards at once while other parts were fine and I could even make out some words.
It freaked me the fuck out.
This whole time, all I could think was "This isnt right. Everything feels so surreal. What the hell is going on? Am I loosing my fucking mind? God, what's wrong with me?"
Through the clearing I saw a dozen massive snow plows everywhere. Just going to town and pushing snow out of the way, making tall walls through their path. 
I thought "I bet one of those guys could help me get home. Then I wouldn't need to walk god knows how far through snow this deep."
Without thinking I pulled my phone out and texted "come pick me up". I felt so confused when I had realized that I just texted a random person. 
I didn't even fucking look who it was. 
Why the hell did I do that? 
But It worked to my advantage. Like the blink of an eye, next thing I know, I'm in the backseat of my dad's car. We make small talk for awhile and I keep thanking him for saving my ass and picking me up. Meanwhile I'm freaking out inside, trying not to loose my fucking shit that everything feels soooo wrong. He stops at some random building and says "well, here we are." I trail out another "thank you so much you really saved my ass"
I open the door to leave the car. I pull my legs onto the ground and see my socks. I could feel the cold water seep in. I wasn't wearing any fucking shoes.
I felt fucking retarded.
Where did my shoes go?
How could I misplaced them, let alone forget doing it? 
I couldn't believe I was acting this way. 
I scoured the car. I found a couple of pairs but none were mine and they weren't my size so I said fuck it. No shoes I guess. 
I grab my phone then I grab my other phone. What the fuck.
Why.
Why do I have 2 phones? What's wrong with me.
I hold them both up to compare them side by side. They looked the same. 
Since I couldn't tell the difference I just shoved them both in my pocket. I got out of the car and walked across the wet ground in my socks. 
I mindlessly follow my father up to his apartment, meanwhile I'm thinking "For fucks sake. Just ask him to take you to the hospital. It's okay. God damnit fuck me. I'll ride this out. I'll be okay."
His apartment was so big. Breathtaking even. Most noteable was a circular room with a fountain at the center. Around the perimeter of the room, on a ledge that sat up at least 8 feet, were large exotic plants that went up and touched dome ceiling, 30 feet in the air. The pots that held them were chisled in gorgeous designs, and the pots themselves had to have been at least the size of a bathtub.
In between every plant, were large marble statues. One was a merry go round horse, and another, Michaelangelo's David. Then, among them were hundreds of cardboard paper fish hanging from the ceiling on fishing line. The lights were dim blue lights that shot up the walls of the room behind the plants and statues. Inside the fountain was a pink spinning light in the center. The light glimmering through the water cast pink lines across everything.
It shone through the plants while it also excentuated the shadows of the marble statues. It gave the impression that the whole room was submerged underwater.
It was fucking magnificent.
Anyways it was getting dark out.
It was time to go to bed. It's been a long day and I was ready to just end it.
We go into my dad's room to go to bed.
He has all of these neat psychedelic posters hanging on the walls and ceiling. Most are black and white lines twirling into a vortex. We both layed on his bed to go to sleep.
I laid back, ready to drift off. I just admired all the posters. 
I started to get extremely uncomfortable. Looking at the posters the lines started to pulse. They vibrated strange neon colors until my entire vision was pulsing. It was all I could see and I could just feel the electricity jolting through my eyes and into my head.
I thought "what the fuck is wrong with me. I'm loosing my fucking mind. God help me please."
I was snapped out of my trance because of a noise coming from the darkness in the other room. It was heavy labored coughing and breathing. I asked my dad, 
"Do you have a roomate?" 
My dad says "Yeah! Hey come meet my son!"
The posters started to electrify once again. I could feel the tension slowly snowballing. Jesus fucking Christ...
His roommate walked into the room. 
What stood at the foot of the bed was his roommate. 
A fucking Pablo Picasso attrocity.
His body was fucked up and his neck extended very long up into crook that brached at his head into a point. His skin was pale white. His head was small and sharp. 
Zero facial features other than two slits for eyes. I knew I was loosing my fucking mind. I was so fucking terrified. Behind this Frankensteined art experiment gone wrong, the posters continually intensified, swaying and breathing. 
I started hyperventilating. 
I could feel my entire body swell with every breath.
It felt like the walls were closing in to the rhythm of my breathing. 
My vision narrowed. 
My eyes couldn't focus between his roommate or the excited walls behind him. My dad, noticing, says, "hey are you okay?"
Then. 
As if it wasn't bad enough.
The fucking icing on the fucking cake.
His roommate leans in and in a deep, hoarse, and labored voice, 
"yeah dude are you okay?"
As he said this he turned his head and leaned in right up to my face. When he moved his entire facial structure and body shifted in size, geometry and even color. His eyeballs grew and shrunk in flat geometry and his nose and mouth twisted around in his skull.
Everything changed depending on the angle he was at. With every move he made, the fibre of his existence reshuffled and shifted in a way I didn't know possible.
I was so fucking terrified.
Paralysed.
I could feel his fucking breath on my face. Trying to calm myself down, I thought "oh shit maybe I'm just tripping out because I'm falling asleep. It's probably just a hypnogogic hallucination". 
I thought back to my entire day and everything surreal that went on.
Right then it occurred to me that I was in a fucking dream. 

I simply opened my eyes and just woke up. It was so seamless, like the blink of an eye.
I found myself in my bed wondering if I was even awake or still dreaming. 

I immediately grabbed my notebook and green color crayon to scrawl this out.

-------

If you do decide to wear these patches know that extremely vivid and terrifying dreams are a big risk. So many people have stories to tell about dreaming while wearing the patch. I would recommend not wearing it to bed :). If anybody has a story of their own while on the patch I would love to hear about it in the comments. Thank you. I wish you all good luck to quit the nic




