3 1/2 Days. Not so Bad this time.. Preparing for the adjusted lifestyle.

I have smoked a pack a day for 13 years. I quit for a year when I went through My Firefighter Academy and again for a year when I went through Paramedic school. Once I was out of school and my hands where idle I went right back to smoking. I am the captain at a very undisciplined Fire Department and a lot of us smoke. We have recently hired quite a few rookies right out of a very disciplined academy and when they saw me light up a cigarette I saw the look of disbelief on their faces. Not to mention the obvious physical fitness I lack in comparison during training exercises, probably somewhat associated with the smoking. I had a long drive home last shift, smoking during the drive and randomly decided I was done. I still have a half a pack in my truck and I have no intention of smoking them, the idea disgusts me. 

  To be hones't the only thing that has helped me is I vape. I don't know if that's cheating according to this sub but my intentions are to break the physical habit then with the vape I can slowly taper off the nicotine percentage. Would like to hear thoughts on that. My respect goes out to those who bite the bullet and stop the nicotine cold turkey although it might be the only way, but I'm pretty sure I would cave in a wall.

   I just remember the last time I quit it seemed like the hardest part was the habit of waking up and going outside to smoke with my coffee, or eating then going out to smoke etc. When I am board or relaxing I am used to going outside sitting on reddit and having a smoke. I wasn't all that board during my Fire Academy or Medic class, hence what I am worried about this time. 

  I need suggestions on how to keep myself occupied. Smoking has sadly been such a part of my life that I don't know what to do with myself without it. Hard to explain I guess but I'm probably preaching to the choir here. Going outside to get my zen time (with kids running around and a wife in full-time school) I guess is what kept me sane. 

  It's not too bad yet just trying to head it off at the pass. Any suggestions, or anything you guys did/do to adjust would be appreciated.