Quit smoking for a logistical reason but still want to smoke

I am visiting my brother at the moment who has just had a baby with his wife. Baby was premature and has ongoing lung issues so brother made it clear that I couldn't go near him while still smoking, even with residual smoke on my clothes or whatever. This is perfectly reasonable and I wouldn't dream of taking any risk of harming the little critter in any way, so I smoked my last cigarette the day before I came to visit, which was Thursday 11 days ago. Admittedly I went out to meet some friends last Wednesday night and bummed a couple of cigs during the evening, but other than that I haven't smoked at all.

The problem is I WANT TO :( 

I don't want to be a smoker. I want to be healthy and don't want to throw away so much money on such a destructive and disgusting habit. 

But I want to smooooke!! 

I've quit before after reading Allen Carr, lasting a year on two separate ocassions before falling off the wagon via a sneaky joint. Both times. Those times I was happy and excited to be "free of the little monster" and embraced the smoke free life. But this time I didn't have that motivation, I quit for my nephew but not for me. I'm going home tomorrow and all I can think about is being free to smoke as much as I like, even though part of me wants to be a permanent non smoker. It's not a 3 minute craving that passes, it's something I've been thinking about all week, like a light at the end of this smokeless tunnel. 

I don't really know what I'm asking for here or if I'm just ranting. I guess I'm hoping someone can relate and offer me some advice to ignore my very strong urge to go straight to the shop to buy a pack when I get home tomorrow :(

Edit: PS my Dad died a month ago,  my aunt died a few days later and I found out a few days ago that my nephew has pretty severe brain damage. Can't lean on excuses to smoke I know but still doesn't exactly help with the motivation to put myself through extra torture during an already very tough time :(