Rambling bullshit, don’t read me.

This used to really bum me out. I stopped stressing on it. Got sick, again, felt like the worst one ever cause they always do. After 3 missed days of work and two weeks of hacking shit and blood up (from coughing, not like a lot of straight blood), i had no desire to smoke so i didnt. It was easy. Then hard. Then it didnt matter. Had 5 total over 3 occasions, all involving alcohol. Threw up every time. I didnt count those just because it felt better not to. For me it made more sense to continue my progress rather than say “fuck me, i only made it a week then got drunk again, again.” Made it almost three months, almost 2 without the cheats. I guess i relapsed because i had a shithole week and all my stresses came crashing down at once so i said fuck it. But im not stressing this either. I was cold turkey that whole time (minus the cheats) and thought about it every day especially at work but never missed it. I still dont like it. I dont consider myself a smoker anymore. I had some. I’ll probably have more. Still much fewer than “social smokers.” Big whoop. Because any amount of time not smoking, whether or not its consecutive, is time it was physically and emotionally possible for me to not be smoking. 

I was a pack a day minimum for six years starting on day 1. It’s possible somewhere down the line there will be six more. I just came here to remind everyone struggling that shit happens and that’s okay. It’s not an excuse or an out or an escape from our goals. But it’s not “i’m a fuckin failure,” either. Every cigarette we consciously choose to not have is great. But all the cigarettes we don’t even think to have as a result of those choices, that we don’t even realize we’re not thinking about, those are major victories. 

(No one asked, but one thing that helped/is helping me is even on day 3 if someone said “aren’t you going to smoke,” or “hey, can i bum one?” My response was unwaveringly “sorry, i’m not a smoker.” I stopped saying “i’m trying to quit,” or “nah, i gave it up.” I’m just simply not. Not “anymore.” Just not. Who knows, give it a try maybe.)

TL;DR : shoulda read the title, dummy. 