Quit dip Feb 5, 2015. Going strong. I feel powerless, but I did it.

Every single person in this subreddit who is currently smoking/dipping/using tobacco... know that every single person in this subreddit struggles.  Not the fake "struggle" kind of shit you hear about.  Really fucking struggles to stay strong against tobacco.  I failed to quit dipping ... ohh, realistically probably 20 or 30 so times.  Threw the can out the window while driving, cussing and crying, yelling at myself for being so stupid and weak.  Tried cutting back daily to fewer dips.  I did not quit until I quit.  If you're trying to quit you need to hear this.  I did not quit... until I quit.  I fucking tried over and over and over and over and over again until it worked.  What worked for me?  Maybe partially luck or stubbornness.   

I went to killthecan.org

Those guys are fucking angels.  I logged into the chat and people were right there waiting to talk to me.  Real guys like me.  Super fucking supportive people who didn't know me.  I wanted attention.  I wanted to be supported and feel special for wanting to quit.  They knew.....  They gave me as much attention as I could stand and made sure I knew I could do it.  

I did the promise every day for a while.  Maybe I should still be doing it.  But they got me through the hardest. fucking. time. of. my. fucking. life. 

I quit cold turkey.  I made the promise until one day I didn't.  Not because I dipped.  Because I felt... free.  I should probably go back and some days when I feel weak I think about it.  On especially hard days (or when I'm drinking) I grab a can of Smokey Mountain and go hog fucking wild.  The nicotine makes you think you need it.  I haven't had a can of Smokey Mountain in a while.  

Smokers, maybe you can't relate specifically to this, but I know you know what I'm talking about with the feeling of needing it.  If you're doing really good and you smoke.  It's not because your husband or wife didn't support you. Fuck them.  They don't know what it's like.  It's because you gave in.  Okay, fine.  Don't sweat it.  You smoked or dipped, whatever.  Trash your pack of cigs/can of dip and start back at one.  Find your motivation.  Remember how much money you save lol.. it's incredible.  

I want to kiss my Fiance every day for the rest of our lives.  I quit for me.  I quit for us.  I quit for her.  I quit for my future kids. I quit for my friends. I quit for my voice.  I quit because FUCK YOU TOBACCO AND ALL YOU FUCKING CUNTS THAT SUPPORT IT.  

You can do it. 