I'm doing good but I'm not doing well.

I've dealt with depression a couple of times in my life. In november I had a bad weed trip that brought my fears about aging and dying to the surface and it also caused some derealization. I've been dealing with that by just trying to move on and quitting weed. I've stopped smoking weed completely about a week and a half ago after about a year of moderate use. 

Same with cigarettes. I quit smoking December 31st after less than a year of light to moderate use. December 31st was also my 25th birthday. I had already planned on quitting as a new years resolution because I kind of need that extra motivation. 

I haven't relapsed. Don't get me wrong, it can get hard. The first day I took two cigarettes from my brother's room (I still have a smoker in the house) but I looked at them intently for a few minutes and then threw them away. I know, what a waste right? I also drove to a gas station, stood outside for about ten minutes but drove home without buying a pack. Every now and then I really yearn for one, especially during breaks at work when all the co-workers I used to smoke with go out for one, or when I get an anxiety attack that I know can be alleviated by taking those first few drags. But then I realize the anxiety is partly due to nicotine withdrawal and I know that would be like trying to put out a fire by dousing it with gasoline. Plus I know that feeling of regret after a cigarette all too well. So as far as that goes, I can abstain just fine. 

However, this depression is getting the best of me. Like I said, I already suffered from it from time to time. And that weed-induced panic-attack left me trying to piece my mind back together like it's a shapeless jigsaw puzzle. And now I'm dealing with a bit of a quarterlife crisis as well. Cigarettes helped me get through those trying couple of weeks (and I'm still getting through them) by (giving me the illusion of) calming me down and giving me something small to look forward to each day. I''m okay with not smoking but I'm not okay with this depression. Literally nothing is interesting to me anymore and I can't look forward to anything. I barely eat and I struggle to get through my work days. I want to quit and go home to lie in bed so so bad.

I know there's no wrong time to quit smoking but I do realize that I made things so very hard for myself by doing it on my 25th birthday (isn't it stupid how we don't appreciate our youth until it's gone? I feel ancient..) and as I was still trying to recover from my bad trip. Has anyone else tried to quit during a depression? How did that go? I realize most of you are seeing right through me and know that there are other issues at play besides quitting smoking but I just felt the need to put this out there. I'm going through a seriously bad time due to several withdrawal processes and I've been lurking here for support for a while. Figured I'd contribute a little as well...