My last cigarrette

I have pretty much smoked since I was 13 years old. Not to mention that both of my parents are smokers and I was exposed to smoke all my life. In High School I smoked about a pack a day... sometimes two packs on weekend nights. I did half of my high school in Mexico and we were allowed to smoke on campus, that's where I got addicted. I came to America and finish high school. It was harder to buy cigarettes here, not only because they are expensive af but because I had no one that would buy them for me! Therefore I smoked every now and then... I'd steal cigarettes from my mom/stepdad.. whatever. Then I turned 18 and I got a job! And guess where all my money went? CIGARETTES! Again I found myself smoking half a pack or a pack a day. I tried to quit several times before but I failed every time. Until one day I had the balls to one day say " cigarettes are fucking pointless and I am giving myself an easy death." I had my last cigarette on August 24th, 2011. The first two weeks were miserable. I had nightmares, always felt tired, etc. I promised myself not to smoke ever again. Well, several months after quitting. I coughed up blood and immediately went to the doctor. I had x-rays done and everything. Doc said I was clear and gave me antibiotics! Then...... in the afternoon doctor called me again. He said that he had found mass in my lungs and that I needed to see a pulmonologist right away. I have never in my life felt scared like this, my first thoughts were death and cancer. I am only 19 years old and did not want to die at such young age. I went to the specialist and ordered me to do a CT scan... after the scan. I had to wait in the lobby for 15 minutes and wait for the news. Those have been the hardest minutes of my life so far. Thankfully the CT scan showed no mass and my lungs were clear!
Doc just said not to smoke

I haven't smoked in 6 months now and I feel great! After what happened I don't think I will ever pick up a cigarette again.

My best advice to you is cold turkey. Hide all the zippos and ashtrays. Every time I felt anxious I would just put a tic tac in my mouth, etc.

My skin color turned from yellow to light healthy pink, I went from 130 pounds to 160 pounds... my teeth are white and my breath doesn't stink!

Believe me guys..If I was hopelessly addicted to cigarettes and i quit.. then i am sure you can too! second chances are rare and it's never too late to quit.  Good luck to everyone! 