Still hanging on after 54 days; had a hard moment yesterday but reaping the benefits today

Quiting was one of the hardest things i've done in my life but i'm pretty confident this time it was a final move. Smoking only made me suffer from stress, bad health and anxiety and it was not satisfying overall anymore. After a lot of attempts full of stress and mental anxiety i managed to make it this far and looking back my life has become way better. I feel physically and mentally well after almost 2 months and like a better happier person overall. 

Had a party yesterday with some people i barely knew. Didn't really felt a urge to smoke but it was so difficult to get out as a non-smoking person. Normally i would walk in with a cigarette and smoke throughout the night to have something to do when i'm out of convo or just want a nice dopamine shot. I really felt my anxiety coming back now that it was just me and my non-smoking self who needed to manage all this social stuff 

But i went out, had a blast, had 3 cigarette's in my hand throughout the night of others who were getting beer and had no desire at all to smoke. No reason to be anxious and I felt better as a non smoker. Must admint that drinking a lot of beers helped me let down my borders too :).

But the best fucking part was waking up today. I don't drink too much but when i do, like this while smoking, i would always wake up with a big hangover. Sleeping 11 hours, waking up fucked. Now i woke up after 7 hours feeling fresh as a flower! No hangover at all! Didn't expect this benefit!

I was a anxious slightly depressed smoker who would smoke a lot before sleeping to keep myself up and energized. After quitting my sleeping and waking has become so much better and apparently my sleep likes processing alcohol much more without the cigarette sticks. Happy days :)

Just needed to vent, i'll try to keep this up till infinity and enjoy every moment of being healthier. Thank you guys/girls on this forum and to all the starting quitters, keep on and you can do this! Things will only get better, keep believing that. 