Is this really ridiculously hard for anybody else?

Hey all.  I have not had a single drag off a cigg in 25 days,  19 hours and 21 minutes (but who's counting :))  and I am really struggling.  I have been coming here every once in a while,  and while I think this is an awesome,  supportive community,  it actually kind of bums me out and makes me question myself quite a bit.  It seems like the majority of the posts are along the lines of  "Oh I feel great, and I've lost  20 lbs and become a world class mountain biker and I never even have a craving even when I'm having a beer with my smoker friends.  Yay!"  And while that's awesome and I  am glad for these happy,  successful ex smokers,  it kind of makes me feel like an envious, miserable troll.  I DO NOT feel great.  I feel absolutely awful.  I have  "quit zits",  have gained 5 lbs  (I take full accountability for this.  Although I am exercising,  I am finding it nearly impossible not to ravenously consume everything in sight),  am monomaniacally obsessed with wanting a cigarette,  and am depressed to the point of having  ridiculous,  out-of-control weeping attacks almost daily  (including one recently in front of my boss *sigh*). And i just miss my old life.  I want to sit on the porch with a glass of wine and a cigarette or go to the karaoke bar with my smoker friends and smoke my brains out.  I have not seen most of my friends in almost a month because I know it would kill me to have to watch them smoking. This all has me thinking that I should have not embarked on this.  Like maybe it's so hard for me because it's not  "my time". Maybe I should wait until I'm a little older and in a better  'stage' of  my life.  Like when I don't go out to the bar with my friends on the weekend or I have kids or something.  Or maybe I really love cigarettes so much that I should just resign myself to the consequences.  I know these are horrible crazy addict thoughts and that I need to improve my attitude... Reason and rationally tell me I'm doing the right thing.  But it feels so bad.  And I have a piss poor attitude but am having a hard time turning it around.  Honestly I think the only reason I've come this far is BECAUSE I've come this far.  I am so miserable it just seems like an awful waste to have tortured myself this badly and this long for nothing.  Regardless, I keep seriously considering going back to smoking.  Help? PS: I'm sorry to be the nasty negative troll of this lovely positive forum :(