"You can't quit, you never quit"

I remember 3 years ago, I used to live in another city with 2 roommates, I lived with them for 2 years.   
These roommates later became my very best friends. Before I go further in the story let's name my roommates Fred and Jay and talk about their character a bit.    

Fred was a normal guy with a pretty mainstream character for someone his age (19yo), he wanted to be popular, wanted to do "cool things" and overall he was not interested in college and studies, he was mainly there for fun (chasing girls, being in relationships, appearing cool... Etc).  

Jay's character was a bit different, he was a confident looking guy, funny, honest to the point where you'd think he's either stupid or naive if you don't know him, he was just like a little child, very spontaneous. If he didn't know something he'd ask, if a friend needed help he'll definitely be there, if he and you were both starving and he had a chunk of bread, he'll split and share it. He had this child-like honesty that'd many times make you have a "WTF is he serious?" look on your face, like when he once came at me with a straight face telling me how the poop getting stuck in his anus hair is bothering him and what do I usually do to get rid of it. 

Another amazing quality about Jay is that he'd never pick up a bad habit such as smoking even though he spends time with smokers, drinkers, crack jokes with them, it simply seemed like the idea of smoking/drinking in his mind was absurd, and he wasn't even the "You guys smoke you stink I should stay away from you" type, not at all, he was the type of guy who saw the bad qualities of their friends and accepted them, he was never judgmental. And because of all of these qualities of his, whenever Jay told me something, I'd accept it and appreciate it, because I knew for certain that he was not judging me or trying to make me feel bad, nor was he threatening me that we won't be friends if I don't stop doing what I do, no, I'd know that he is giving me an advice because he simply cares about me, and that is his number one and sole reason.

Now let's get going with the story... Before I moved in with them I was an "on and off" smoker for about 3 years, and by "on and off" I mean that I smoked every year for about 6 - 7 months, and quit the other 6 - 5 months. I also was a smoker when I started living with Fred and Jay, Fred who was interested in "cool things" unsurprisingly thought that the fact that I smoke was cool, he was not a smoker himself at the time, but after he asked me about how long I have been smoking and I told him that I smoked for 3 years quitting and smoking again every now and then, he deducted that everything he was told about smoking being addictive and people being unable to quit when they wanted was false, in his mind he thought "if Haki_User can quit whenever he wanted to then so can I" and it wasn't only in his mind, I remember that he said it to me out loud and I, for some silly reason felt flattered, it was like some sort of compliment that I have a strong willpower and that I have things in my life under control, even addictions which most people fail to cope with. Needless to say, I was wrong.   
So I remember I smoked that year for like 4 months, quit another 3 and picked up smoking again, quit for the first 3 months of the year after it and at it again for 5 months, Fred by this time was smoking more than I was, he had a much harder time quitting than I did, he couldn't do what his bad role model did. Anyway, at this time I was at the dinner table with Fred and Jay and Jay said:  
Jay: "You guys should quit."   
Fred remained silent and I said:  
"Yeah, I am going to quit anytime this week."
Jay responded:  
"Bullshit..."   
Now at this point I got a bit infuriated, in my mind I thought Jay was doubting my ability to quit and I retorted:     
"You know I can quit whenever I like, I did it many times before and I'll do it again."     
Jay: "Bullshit..."    
At this point I got really angry, I calmed myself down and asked Jay to explain what does he mean.   
He said:  
"If you really quit, you wouldn't have smoked for the past 5 years, but you did smoke! 5 years ago, 4 years ago, 3 years ago, 2 years ago, 1 year ago and you are SMOKING right now, so trust me dear friend, you can't quit, you never quit, not with your current attitude."   

To be honest, I didn't really think about what he said at the time and was like "Yeah, right..." in my mind, but something happened yesterday that made me remember his words.  
Yesterday while I was coming back from the Gym, this dude passed by me and was smoking, the smell was nice and catchy, and for a moment I thought the guy looked really cool, taking a walk at night and smoking his ciggy in the night breeze alone. Did I think about how awful he smells when he goes to his work/school in the morning after smoking a cigarette with just a cup of black coffee? Did I think about how he feels every time he is in his room with his computer with the room all foggy and there is this feelings of junk in his lungs? How anxious he is when he approaches girls or anyone in general because he thinks they'll notice his smell and drift away? And how he hates it when people see him smoking and judge him based on that (they do that a lot from where I come from). Well, I did not! For a moment I thought, why don't I buy a cigarette right now and enjoy it? Luckily I had just gotten back from the gym and I still smelled of sweat, and the smell of sweat reminded me that I frequent the Gym, and Gym and smoking are enemies, that did the trick, I went back home, got on the computer and opened Reddit, saw in the front page a post from this sub, clicked it, looked at the right menu and I saw my nickname, next to it a yellow star and a text that reads: 107 days. and I was like Holy shit what was I about to do just now!   

In this timespan of 107 days I thought like I thought in the past days that I "quit", but I was only a few moments away from ruining everything, and having to start over after a few months probably, and then Jay's words hit me... "you can't quit, you never quit, not with your current attitude."

The bottom line is, one should never get overconfident, we are recovering addicts and it always good to check on this subreddit every now and then to see how much we have progressed in our quest, to remind ourselves why did we start this, read posts of fellow nosmokers who relapsed and learn from them, cheer and courage them to start over and encourage others to keep going, and believe in the saying: 

"The higher the number on your badge is, the smaller are the chances of you smoking again."   

Ok, Okey, that's not an official quote or saying I just made it up, but I'm going to live by it for the time being. 

Since you liked my first saying, here is another one:   

"Willpower is not about getting motivated, it's about STAYING motivated throughout the journey"

PS: Sorry for the bad storytelling skills, English is not my native language. 

