This Is Tough

I'm having a really hard time with quitting.

The only time in my young adult life when I was able to quit was when I was diagnosed with testicular cancer at the age of 29. After the surgery to remove the mass they told me an aggressive chemotherapy is highly recommended to effectively prevent any potential lingering remains from spreading elsewhere. 

Quitting then was easy, I guess. The withdrawal effects were nonexistent as I was preoccupied with sheer terror and uncertainty. Treatment ran three months, recovery another three and i was smoke free for another six months to make it a year in total, perhaps out of fear. I bought a pack of smokes during a high point of stress brought on by us moving out of the apartment we had been renting. 

I'm 35 now and I've tried a little bit of everything to quit. A hypnotist, gum, patches, weening, vaping, antidepressants and cold turkey. The thing that shocks me is how difficult it is considering I've never been a heavy smoker. A half pack on the worst of days but I usually hovered about 3-4 per. 

I know it's stupid too. I know I've had cancer, I know how much it sucked and I also know it's not the best thing for my body to continue to poison myself voluntarily. My body already tried to kill me once and I should really take notice. 

I'm full of self doubts but I made an appointment with my doctor to see about getting Chantix (sp). At this point I'm less concerned about the possible side effects and told my wife to really just kinda monitor me throughout the whole process, however long it may be. 

My problem is stress and how I tend to cope with it. I can usually handle everything and anything thrown my way in a calm and cool fashion but a cigarette is my reward for my composure under duress. It's my 5-10 minutes away from everything that drove me to that very spot where i inhale that first drag and I know it's just my fucked up brain pulling my puppet strings but I'm afraid I won't be able to successfully manufacture a similar escape with my current dependency.  

Anyways, I'm new here. I like this place and reading a few things and commenting/seeing some words of encouragement has helped me so far. Thanks to you all. 