I'm quitting because my mum just got diagnosed with early breast cancer. [Long]

Hey guys and girls. 

I've been a long time lurker of this subreddit and finally I am ready to share. 

A little background on me, I've been a smoker for about 3 years, around 7-10 cigarettes a day and a lot more when I'm drinking. In fact, I've actually stopped drinking due to this very reason. I started getting introduced to daily tobacco smoking by being a stoner. By that point it just became a habit. 

Like many of you, I read Allen Carr's "Easy Way To Stop Smoking" and was greatly inspired, and managed to stop for a week. I gave way when I smoked a joint that had tobacco in it and gave way into the cycle again. From that point, I've tried to quit a total of four times, using Allen Carr's method but I think I failed each time because I was lacking the core point of the method. (More on this in a bit.) 

Some more background, I have bipolar disorder, and have stayed in a mental hospital twice. I was also heavily medicated for a total of four years, changing a lot of medications. Smoking in a weird way helped with a lot of the really terrible (and I mean really really terrible) withdrawal symptoms from those medications because even if I was more stressed overall, I could look forward to that next cigarette because it would pull me through and stop my body from shaking or sweating. So in a way, it became a positive reinforcement that became difficult to break. 

The core point of Allen Carr's method I feel lies in the chapter where he talks about the "dark shadows" of smoking; a definitive manifestation that everyone can see and smell. The simple fact that you really, really don't give a shit about yourself. 

I would look at my housemates who are really healthy eaters or, one of my other housemates who is very athletic and think to myself : if I'm smoking, why should I bother trying to eat healthy or exercise because, fuck it, I'll die quicker anyway. As your body, teeth and skin give way, you give up because you would rather look and smell and feel terrible just so you can stay addicted.

There is such a deep and subtle nihilism at the black heart of smoking.

About 30 minutes ago, my mother let me know that she had found a lump and today, was confirmed that it was cancerous. I really didn't know what to say. It's at early stages and so small that the doctors had a lot of trouble finding it, and it will be removed in two weeks. 

I thought to myself, to continue smoking in fact of that is morally wrong. If I can't do it for myself, then at least do it for someone else. I read on here that some of you have children and did it for them. I would like to think that this is similar. I don't think I would be able to live with myself, or respect myself if I continued smoking after she had her operation. 

Lastly, something a bit more subtle but some of you may be able to relate is my status as a stoner from this point on. I think it's safe to say that my friends are going to be seeing a lot less of me from now on. I slipped the first time because I smoked a joint, and although I do enjoy it immensely, and even use it to self-medicate, I cannot risk another slip up. This is going to be the end. If any of you are stoners as well, I really recommend you give it a thought.

So, I'm about to call a friend to talk to them about it, and smoke my last cigarette. I've just gotten a bag and I'm throwing away all my lighters, papers, filters and tobacco away. 

It's strange but, I somehow know I'm going to succeed this time.

TLDR : Mother has early stage breast cancer and I'm ready to quit right now and never go back because it is the right thing to do.