An excerpt from my quit.

Day 9: Halfway through the day I realized that tonight I would be crossing the ten day mark. I then came to find out my girlfriend and I would be meeting a mutual friend at the same bar where I began, or better said, was enticed to begin my quit. It seemed fitting to essentially celebrate the crossing of this milestone by playing some darts and having a few beers there. On the way in, we even crossed by a group of people smoking and I didn't have the slightest inkling to join in.  

After the first drink, our friend showed me a pack of cloves that he had in his jacket. He was never a full-time smoker, just a clove every once and a while. He usually never even bought packs, but for whatever reason he and his girlfriend, who vaped regularly, had decided to buy a pack.  
To say the least I was not prepared.  I almost instantly started to have a minor panic attack, not debilitating, but more so a storm of thoughts racing through my head. I didn't know what to do. I didn't want to restart the battle, the cycle of relapse and failure. I didn't even want to start smoking again, I just wasn't prepared to say no. I just murmured okay to him and we kept playing darts.  
My aim was destroyed, I couldn't focus, I felt anxious and scared that I couldn't just say no. I tried texting the friend who got me to stop; our deal was that I wouldn't buy a pack. This wouldn't break our deal, but it wasn't about any deal. I lacked the ability in that moment to react at all. 

I continued to be mute and distanced from the group for the next while. My friend finally replied to my text saying that I had kept my promise but he wasn't one to speak, he had already had a smoke a few days back. I can't say I expected him to tell me not to have one, he's always been pretty indifferent about things.  So without solace gained, I managed to talk myself down to just sharing a clove instead of having my own.
By this point the darts game had ended and we had finished our nachos. My friend gestured to go outside, I obliged and passed the phone to my girlfriend so that she could see the conversation.  We get outside and I manage to resist taking a clove that he held out for me, I told him we could share. He asks the only other smoker for a light but he is without. My friend goes back inside to find one.  
A few minutes later he returns with one in hand, followed by my girlfriend.  She was blatantly upset, and rightfully so. As much as it sucked to have her mad at me, her response saved me from a relapse.  Sure it could have been presented in a more caring fashion but I didn't smoke. It was nice to smell my friend have one, but the second I smelled it I didn't want one any more. It was a great feeling on many levels. 
Though, if any number of little events had gone differently I would have, in all likelihood, ended up back at day one, but I didn't. I am still an ex and its a great feeling.

Every day gets a little bit easier, the apps and the improving health are huge bonuses, but there are always going to be unexpected challenges.  As much as you can prepare, you'll probably encounter a few curveballs. My only suggestion to others would be to maintain a support network of people who will remind you to say no, just be aware that if that person has never been an addict, they will likely never fully understand the battle going on in your head every time you say no to those cravings. This isn't necessarily a bad thing, just something to be mindful of.

Anyways, this is my first post on reddit and hope that it might help someone. I've decided to keep a log of notable experiences during this quit to try and help maintain it, this is one of them.



TLDR: Unexpected smoking triggers may arise, keep a support network.