I'm almost scared to post this

I've been an unapologetic smoker for thirteen years now.  I've dabbled in quitting a few times, and took it seriously last year in January when my dad had a heart attack (he's also a smoker).  It obviously didn't help much, seeing as I'm still a smoker. 

Even though I am aware of the damage smoking does, how much money one wastes, and what light smokers are seen in, I've always stuck by a quote from the movie 'Skeleton Key', where one of the characters say "Well I smoke, I smoke a lot and I enjoy it very much".  Even though this is true for me, I'm starting to think that it's time I give it one final go.  I'm just thinking about it, though.  I haven't committed to anything yet. 

The thing is, I recently started getting back into my exercise routine, and I just keep on thinking to myself how much easier it would be if I hadn't smoked.  I've also sat down and thought about what I'm gaining from the act of smoking, and once again realised that I'm not gaining anything at all.

In the morning when I wake up, I usually have a cigarette or two with my coffee.  Nowadays it has escalated to at least 5 in one sitting.  That's not healthy on any level.  Plus it adds up financially!

I've read Allan Carr's book twice, and it didn't work for me.  I respect the fact that it has worked for others, but I was not one of those people.  I felt like I was being reprimanded by a parent, and even though I understand the technique of repetition, having to hear everything over and over, sometimes in the same tone of voice, really irked me. 

The thing is, I don't want to make another agonizing torturous experience out of it.  I want to make it fun.  I also don't want to vape or patch or chew or anything.  I want to make it enjoyable, but not like stock-photo-person-jumping-in-the-air-on-a-beautiful-field fake enjoyable.  Just like a personal challenge, or something. 

I'm not entirely sure what I am to get from this post, because I haven't decided if I am really in for the permanent quit (also just thinking about it makes me a tad bit nervous).  

Anyway!  I enjoy this sub.  Maybe the fact that I haven't unsubscribed from it is the reason for returning.