How I feel so far on day 4 of quitting. It’s long, but it’s how I feel......Frustrated, annoyed and determined?

Hello everyone. 
I have quit smoking for 4 days now. I’ve been about a pack a day for 16 years. My quit smoking app that I got said to visit this site today as my challenge. So here I am. 

This sucks, it sucks a lot. Every part of quitting is miserable. All I do is crave cigarettes all day every day. And eat!!! Anything and everything. I feel like I would eat the cardboard box if I ran out of pizza. I’m telling you all I want to do is smoke and eat. 
It’s definitely getting easier and I hope one day the cravings go away all together. My app asks me how many times a day I get a craving and it confuses me because I feel like every time I think about a cigarette or “cravings” at all I’m instantly craving it. So it wants me to track cravings, well how many minutes have I been awake for. That’s about how many cravings I’ve had so far today. 

My husband and most of my friends smoke also. So every time I hear their lighter flick it’s instinct for me to reach for my pack, only to feel my pocket empty or no pack and lighter sitting on my tables anymore. And then I go through the next 10 minutes fighting a “craving”. I feel like crying every time my throat and chest feels like it’s pulsating for a cigarette. 

Every time I get in my car, eat, wake up, going to bed, or take a break at work I feel like I don’t know what to do with myself besides smoke. So I just sit there and get angry or sad. 

I miraculously haven’t had any cheats yet. Not a one!!! I’ll get through this, and one day look back and regret that I ever let a substance get this hold on me. Every time I think about taking one single puff I just tell myself that if I do that it will be like starting back at day one. That first day was the absolute worst, and I don’t want to repeat this process all over again. When I feel like I really need one I just ask myself what good will it do, will it make me healthier, will buying another pack make me any richer, will it decrease my stress considering the guilt I’ll feel for letting myself down? I can’t think of any positives from smoking. So that’s what keeps me going every day. There’s no good reason to smoke but a million good reasons not to. 

Good luck to everyone on here. Stay strong!!! And thank you for reading my rant. 