30 days free: If I can do it so can you


I've been a light smoker on and off since I was 11. I'm now 30 and have gone 30 days without a cigarette. I couldn't imagine life without cigarettes; it didn't seem possible to enjoy a glass of wine with my best friend without rolling a fag, or going for my daily walk down the river without the ritualistic pause on the bench to light up, or going for dinner with work colleagues without sneaking out after the starter for a relieving cigarette.

But I've done it! The first few days felt like I was exorcising the devil. And every time I face a new situation in which I would normally smoke (like getting off the coach in my home town en route to my parents' house, for example) I still feel a little itch. Nothing huge, but cigarettes pop into my head, in the same way i might be reminded of Mcdonalds when in France (childhood family thing). This isn't really a craving, but more of a memory association due to years of habit forming.

And the good news is, your love of smoking and the feeling that life won't be manageable or enjoyable without it, really is an illusion that can be easily broken. With some perseverance you will break the habit and will look back on your smoking days with bemusement, not quite being able to remember why you ever did it in the first place. 

If I can pass on one thought from the other side that I wish I'd known as a smoker, it would be that you're not missing anything by not smoking. I thought that giving up smoking would mean a lifetime of deprivation - seeing friends, drinking wine, talking on the phone, would all be less good without a cigarette. I've realised that is rubbish. In the same way my life isn't less enjoyable than that of a heroin addict because I miss out on the pleasure and relief of that daily hit, of course a non smoker's life isn't any less fulfilling than a smoker. In fact life is so much better because I'm relieved of anxiety about my health, my looks etc.

Apologies for the long post but really wanted to share this because giving up smoking is the best thing I've ever done in my life and I never thought I'd get here. If anyone is struggling I gave up via an app called Smoke Free. It worked amazingly for me - like my own personal therapist / confession session/ cheerleader! Plus it's developed by psychologists and apparently the methods they use are scientifically proven to be effective. 

Good luck to everyone trying - I have terrible willpower and managed it in the end, so if I can do it so can you!

