Today should have been my quit day.

And I just smoked a cigarette. The last cigarette. After this post is up, I am resetting my badge to start again tomorrow. The cigarette I just smoked made me feel shaky, mad, and want to write this post.

I made it to the age of 19, without smoking a single cigarette. I am now 23, and for the last 2 years of my smoking career, I have been mentally beating the shit out myself for every single cigarette I have smoked. Feeling bad about smoking cigarettes has made me feel shit about myself. I have become a masturbation addict (today is my first day of nofap, still haven't yet), and life avoidance addict (internet, movies, drugs, reading but all for the wrong reasons, not absorbing any of it, not using any of it for enjoyment, just to numb reality for a few minutes)...

These are thing things that I have done, or that I am good at, that for some reason I can't see as myself.

I am a holder of a commercial helicopter license. I don't have a job currently. I want to fly.

I know how to wrestle quite well. I also enjoy kayaking, longboarding, running, and yoga. I haven't been doing any of these things because well, cardio.

I am learning to play guitar, but...

I am learning french but...

I am relearning mathematics but...

I am really good at sex but...

I don't think these things are buts. They are butts.


I haven't liked myself for a while. I have had 2 year+ relationships in the last four years, both of which terminally imploded. I've had various jobs which I've been highly successful at, but ran away, to try and change up my life. Trying to change my environment, without changing myself.

I've worked for geophysics crews. Been extremely good at my job.
Worked as a bartender. Gotten huge accolades from my boss, crazy tips.
Worked in a hotel and at resorts, people loved me.

Anyways...

This is what I think about smoking.

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KhPC0NNo7bc

I feel better after writing this. I am going to get up from the computer now, and play some guitar, listen to some music, then go out and work for the rest of the day. Tomorrow will be my first non smoking day.

I can do this.