The friend that laughs behind your back

30 days. I have absolutely NO desire to take up smoking again. I haven't had that desire at all since I quit. Not really. During the first 2-3 days when I was going through that physical withdrawal I didn't have a desire to smoke, I had a desire to get rid of the symptoms. I knew there was only one way to do that - no more nicotine. 

I still have these reminders on my phone, that I wrote to help me through. I didn't really "need" them, I think writing them down was enough. On the day I quit I wrote: "This is what you want. So don't take that away from yourself in a moment of weakness." Two days later: "It will pass. Don't do anything impulsive. Think it through." And when one week had passed: "You did it. You're free now. You took back control." That's the final reminder for me. I'm in control.

Nicotine addiction is that friend of yours that stands by your side when you need it. Holds your hand through the hard times, the one who is there when everyone else disappears or feels too far away. You can't remember what your life is like without that support. The moment the support is delivered however, that friend of yours will immediately start laughing at you behind your back. You're being used. If you had a friend like that in real life - what would you do? 

The only real struggle for me right now is allowing my brain to come into full function again, so I can come to terms with who I actually am behind the numbness I've been subjecting myself to for close to 15 years. I'm not going to lie - it's kind of scary. Do I come out the other end happier? I think I'm one of those people who crave change, but also find it hard to adapt. I've become aware of how much I need to be in motion, how I need to feel like I'm accomplishing something every day, how I sometimes need to be around people every day - when before I would gladly spend a week alone doing nothing. I'm hoping this will even out a bit as time passes, so that I can for once experience complete relaxation without having to occupy my mind with something else than my own thoughts. Some days I'm more hopeful than I've been in years, other days are spent worrying about the future. It's a roller coaster, but I still have no desire to jump off and call up my former BFF Nicotine. That in itself is a victory.  

Thankfully I'm also quite patient. But, if any of you have had similar experiences I'd love to hear about it. I know there's no "one size fits all" when it comes to quitting smoking, but sometimes it gives you a bit of hope if someone has traveled the same route before you and arrived in one piece. 

To those of you struggling right now, and feel yourself on the verge of going back to the safety of "nicotine normal" - Don't do it. It's not worth it. You deserve good things, and you deserve good friends. So be that friend to yourself right now. 