Approaching two years

It's hard to imagine that I used to be a smoker. It feels so far away from me right now, even though I still have faint memories of what my life was like as a smoker. All those memories are of feeling lethargic, anxious, nervous, and that I wasn't getting anywhere. I was stuck. The good memories I have from being a smoker had nothing to do with smoking at all, the cigarette was just a prop. A prop that I've come to realize was there for comfort more than anything, and therefore not getting me anywhere. 

In a few days I plan to contact my insurance company to tell them I quit smoking 2 years ago, so that I can lower my rates, and get rid of that final proof in the form of an insurance agreement where I am still labeled as a smoker. With that I also plan to stop subscribing to this sub, as smoking and quitting smoking is so far from my mind these days, that I find it pointless to have the constant reminder when I scroll through my feed. I have more important things to use my time and energy on. Since I quit smoking almost two years ago my life has gradually changed and improved. Things are falling into place - I am falling into place. To feel like I am finally where I belong, and that the road from here on out is something I can handle is a feeling I never thought I would experience. I invested time and energy into freeing myself (from nicotine) because I was unhappy where I was, and when I see where I am now it doesn't feel like an investment at all. It was a gift. 

I have been very happy to see all the people who've joined me on the other side these last two years, and I wish everyone still struggling the very best. I won't say luck, because luck has nothing to do with it. All of the struggles you're experiencing is always going to be worth it. Feeling in control of your own life is the best feeling there is. There is no luck in quitting smoking, there is only a desire to break free. So do it! What have you go to lose by fighting through it for a few days or weeks? Absolutely nothing. You can only win.

I'm going to leave you with the letter I wrote to myself a couple of weeks before I quit smoking for good, while I was still in a process of quitting through multiple failed attempts, learning, repeating. I think the simple act of writing the letter was enough to get me to the finish line on October 18th 2015, because I never felt the need to pick it up after that. I found it in my "quit journal" just now, and reading it on the "other side" I really have to point out that I feel quite proud of myself right now. So, I guess this is now my letter to all of you (minus the slightly personalized recounting of experiences).

-----

Dear (friend),

I want you to take note of all the things I'm about to tell you.

You are pretty amazing. Think back to all the obstacles you've faced, the things you've survived, the things you've overcome and changed to the better. All those? They happened because you were strong enough to face them, and you turned them around because that's what you do. You always look for ways to improve, in your work, in your surroundings, and in yourself. 

Self respect is something you have a lot of. You don't allow anyone to disrespect you or those you care about, and that particular trait has been with you since you were a child. Remember that time you kicked that boy who tried to bully your sister in the shins? Do you remember how that made you feel, how it still makes you feel? If someone were to verbally attack you right now, you wouldn't be afraid to stand up an defend yourself - in fact, it would probably happen on impulse. 

While you might not take it to heart often enough, you're also respected by others. Take a moment to think about this: How many times in your lifetime has someone come to you for advice and/or guidance? People ask you about things because they know you have an answer. People come to you with the most important tasks because they know you won't disappoint. You know a lot- and the things you don't know you are so very eager to learn. 

Like this whole process of preparing yourself to be free from nicotine. It started out a while back actually, but really became a proper project this year. You wanted 2015 to be like all the other years that occur every fifth year - significant. You also wanted it to be a positive significance like it was in 2010.

Remember what happened in 2010? I know you do, but you claim it wasn't difficult. When people asked you and complimented you, you brushed it off as something that wasn't difficult because it kind of "just happened". Something clicked in your brain - and this is probably true, but most people would still see it as a great accomplishment to turn your life around like that. Is it perhaps that the fact that you still had something left to do in order to get your health back in 100% shape, kept you from congratulating yourself? The project isn't really done until it's finished is it? Well, it's finally happening.

I've watched you these last few months, and seen the progress with every attempt. You take it in, you analyze it, and you look for all the little things that you can learn from - so that the next time will be easier. It's not always about finishing first, and you've always been good at accepting that and seeing it as a positive side of yourself. Deep down you know you are ready now. Head out on that final stretch and accept the freedom that is about to greet you. 

At the beginning of the year you still thought it was a habit - and read a wide range of articles about breaking habits, or forming new habits, down to the actual brain chemistry involved. You even purchased e-cigarettes because you thought that would be the way to go. You even tried it - and failed after 24 hours or less. What would you say to that version of yourself? That's right - How utterly ignorant of her, to think smoking is a habit. Now you know the true nature of the drug that is nicotine, and you got there by devoting your time to finding the truth. All those hours you've spent reading, watching videos, and studying your own addiction, has gotten you to this point. There's not much more to learn - you're ready. Whatever you still need to learn, you can learn as you go. 

Let me point out some of those positive effects you've noticed yourself during those days without nicotine, because from now on that's your life. 

* Waking up without feeling extremely tired.

* Feeling relaxed instead of distressed and restless.

* Falling asleep quickly, and sleeping through the night.

* Being eager to exercise, because you can actually breathe and have a normal heart rate.
 

And then there's all the things you haven't yet experienced because you've doubted your own ability to survive something that is actually killing you. Some of those things you really want to experience, so how about you imagine what it would be like if it came true? Visualize your everyday life a month from now, a year from now. What does it look like? 

Every single day that you are faced with from now on, you are facing it head on. There's no fake backup waiting in the safety of your own home, because it never gave you any backup to begin with. Instead you will face the obstacles thrown in your way with more energy, a clear head, and the simple knowledge that once you get through this, you got through it without that backup. You did it alone - and you will get through it again because you are strong enough to do that.

You won't allow anyone to attack or disrespect you, yet you have been doing that to yourself for years. Dig for that self respect again, 

From now on, your focus is on the benefits. What did you notice today, that you haven't felt in a long time, or can't even remember? A smell? A taste? A feeling? Focus on those details, as they come around, and use them as your stepping stones. 

You deserve this. You deserve to experience the freedom you are about to experience. You deserve to have this be the next step on the path to all the things you wish to accomplish and experience. So don't deprive yourself from that opportunity. Whatever you do, believe in your own ability to push through, and believe what you already know deep down - that this is what you truly want, and what you truly deserve.


**This is it - your life in freedom. Enjoy it.**