An authentic life

Wow, it's been 201 days. Time really has gone by quickly. Most days I don't even think about the fact that I used to smoke, and I definitely don't think about taking up smoking again. I'm living a completely different life now. An authentic one.

I was a secret smoker for so many years, I was ashamed of myself for the fact that I didn't seem to be able to quit. I don't have to hide anymore, I don't have to be in a state of constant withdrawal that I can't do anything about because I'm surrounded by people. To have that burden lifted has made me a more open person, as if I'm not longer scared to "slip up". It's SO GOOD to have nothing to hide. I feel like I'm becoming more of the person I have probably always been deep down, but unable to express to other people. It's odd and exhilarating all at once. 

For the last 5-6 years I've wanted to become a runner. I've been a sporadic runner for the same amount of time, because I was never able to see progress - and the inconsistency of it all was causing injuries. So I more or less stopped trying for a couple of years. This winter I found myself to be in the best shape I've ever been when I was cross-country skiing, so when the snow melted I put those running shoes on. The progress I've experienced since that first run, with simply running once or twice a week for the last couple of months or so - it's amazing. The dream to become a regular runner is close to coming true, as long as I stay consistent yet patient (to avoid injuries). 

Then there's all those every day things that you start noticing. How I used to get clumsy, awkward, and flustered for no apparent reason if I was put on the spot or felt I was being watched - that's gone. I would often go to bed at 9 PM because I thought sleeping longer would give me more energy the next day - not smoking gives you more energy the next day, so you can stay up until midnight if you like. I would rush out of the office at 4 PM so I could rush home to have a cigarette, as I had been without one the entire day - Now I can finish my job without distractions, and rush home to get started on dinner instead. 

Nicotine made me nervous. Nicotine made me anxious. Nicotine controlled my life. The cigarettes made it harder to breathe, and harder for my body to transport blood and oxygen to where it was needed. No wonder I felt miserable all the time, and needed that pick-me-up that nicotine offered. 

I probably spent more than 201 days of preparing myself before I finally quit, so this has been a long journey for me. I gained the knowledge through reading, attempting, failing, learning, attempting again - always improving, always one step closer. Then one day I just knew this was it. No looking back - I was ready, I was done with nicotine. I cannot stress the importance of being prepared. That doesn't mean you can put it off forever, but it means for every failed attempt you HAVE TO take a look at the why's (why you failed) and then find the how's (how to avoid that the next time). Take note of how you feel, both with and without nicotine. Listen to what your body is telling you. If you are struggling with something specific, read articles about that particular issue, because I guarantee you someone else has been there before. You spend most of your day thinking about nicotine anyway (when to get your next fix, always making sure it's available to you) - so why not make it something worthwhile?  

You can decide to quit today, and see for yourself what it is you have kept yourself from experiencing all those years you've been a smoker. I guarantee you - you won't regret it. 