What worked for me.

I've tried to quit many times, but I'm well into my longest quit - 23 days. A good friend who quit 20 years ago told me it was OK if you smoked once in a while as long as your endgame was not smoking forever. It was great advice, until I found the fourth wall. I would not smoke, dry out, then have a severe anxiety attack: shakes, imaginary pinches, dizziness and explosive feelings. I'm here to say, THAT GOES AWAY. If you can break that fourth wall, that single accomplishment will carry you through the rest of the way because it is so terrible you'll not want to experience it again. Here's what worked for me - 1) ignored my friend's advice, don't break down. Smoking is the b-movie's b-movie drug addict. It's horrible to arbitrarily stop doing anything you *want* to do. 2) take four days off if you can afford it. You're going to want some personal time to feel like a freak for ignoring your desires. 3) Treat the mental aspect of quitting. Take ginkgo biloba and 5htp. I felt dizzy and weird, all the time, for the first two weeks. It will pass. 4) Sleep, watch TV, do whatever the fuck you want except smoke. I didn't pander to my oral fixation until my throat started getting sore. I developed a severe cough after I had been quit for a few days, so I started sucking on throat lozenges to soothe my throat while it healed. 5) Avoid alcohol for a bit. Don't worry, beer and shots are plentiful and the market won't evaporate even if you are the anchor at the local. 6) Get some anti-anxiety meds. Chantix made all the other side effects of not smoking worse. It even made hangovers worse. I'm no doctor, nor expert, but I'm anecdotally sure that you cannot trick your brain. When you want something and can't identify it, you're going to freak out a little. You'll experience ghost pangs and all kinds of sensations because your brain is doing some debugging to figure out what you're craving. Neural blockers don't actually stop your physical dependence, they just disassociate the act of smoking with fulfilling the desire. This wasn't obvious to me when I decided and continued to use a drug to stop smoking, so heads up to whomever is daft like me. Where was I? 7) Drink lots of water. When you feel itchy and bitchy, take small sips. Hydrating is never bad. 8) Give in (a little) to other cravings. I don't eat candy anymore. A Snickers works, but choose quality over quantity. Not smoking is a quality decision. 9) Eat vegetables, reduce your meals, but snack regularly. Don't deny that smoking was physically and mentally satisfying. The oral fixation is a habit you might have to confront.  I guess the takeaway here is not to ignore how your body responds to not smoking. Embrace it and treat it with kindness. Whatever your reason for quitting, realize that people don't go around changing their habits and mindset every day. This is why we have rockets, Broad City and Reddit. Good luck on your quit.

EDIT: grammar and autocorrect.