3 weeks in, and it was a lot easier than I told myself all these years

Not that it's easy, I still think about it tens of times a day (waking up, after every meal, after every time going out, every time getting off a train, etc.....). But not 24/7. I thought it would be excruciating, but it's alright. And I'm not saying this is true for anyone, but it was for me. I think I got lucky. I caught myself smoking a pack a day while having a nasty throat infection, and somehow, I was just so fucking sick and tired of it I made a quick mental note to finish the pack, and not to buy a new one. I didn't make any theatrics about the last one. I threw away the ashtray after 3 days, and I still carry my lighter on me.

I guess what I want to say is, that I told myself that it would be excruciating so I wouldn't have to try and stop. I am that self-dilusional, *especially about smoking*. I've smoked butts off the ground as a grown ass man earning 70k, just because the stores where closed and noone was outside.

And, to be honest, it's not glorious. My throat feels awkward and disgusting (it's healthy I guess). No one is proud of me, and that's good for me. It balances out the idiocy of starting to the T.

My biggest moment of  victory was last Friday. Went to a hipster whiskey tasting, and saw a guy sneak out for a fag in the middle. I just knew he was gathering up courage for half an hour to go outside (he had to interrupt the speaker to pass, as it was a tiny venue, do the walk of shame, and even go back to the owner as the door was locked). And I thought, I'm so glad I'm not that guy anymore. I feel so bad for him, but I know see exactly how pathetic that scene was.

So long ramble aside, here's another way to approach things: quit when you're low. When you're in the hospital parking lot smoking in your gown and dragging your IV with you. When you don't have a light in the middle of the night and are considering waking up the neighbors. I'm sure all of us have low points, let that be the memory of being a smoker that you take with you.