What to do about partner who blatantly lies about having given up smoking?

I am at the end of my tether!!! I'd love some perspective from others who are giving up/have given up smoking,  as well as supporting a partner going through this, so I know how best to act and react.

My husband (44) has smoked on and off since he was about 12. Mostly on. He has given up sometimes, once for years. He'd smoke several during the day, and at night he'd mix tobacco and pot.  Last August he had developed a pretty nasty cough and I ended up getting down on my knees and begging him to quit. He agreed (I guess the cough scared him too). He gave away all his cigarettes, got some nicotine patches, and seemed well on the way to leaving smoking behind him.

About 6 weeks ago he grabbed something out of his pocket, and a pack of cigarettes fell out. He claimed that he was just using a little to mix with pot at night as it carries better that way. He agreed to give me the pack and I got rid of it. Over the next few weeks I noticed the cigarette wraps in the back room were increasing (from when he previously rolled pot and tobacco together). He kept saying it's just because the room is a mess and he's been moving things around and that he'd clean it up. I knew he was lying but he kept the cigarettes well hidden. 

Today I was getting something from the back room, and noticed not only the wrappers all over the place, but I saw a cigarette pack sticking out from behind a container. I moved the container, and about 7 empty packs fell out, plus a nearly-full one.  They weren't there a couple of weeks ago when I was last in there for something, so I'm guessing he had gone through that many in a couple of weeks. 

So, he's been lying to me all this time, continually. It makes me angry because a) he's lying to his wife, b) we have joint finances and things have been tough recently, so he's spending household funds on cigarettes and c) this is bad for his health (also, if something ever happened and a doctor asks me if he smokes, I could have inadvertently given them incorrect information - this happened when his mother was in intensive care and he had to give false information when the doctor asked him, as his mother smoked secretly without his father knowing).

I don't want to be all accusing and mad at him, but I've really had enough, particularly with the very smooth lies. It makes me question how much I trust him overall.

Am I over-reacting? What do I do? Any advice hugely appreciated. Thank you for listening!