2 days in!

Pretty random story actually. I have been smoking for 10-13 years, half a pack a day for the majority of the time.

A couple days ago I felt sick and went to the doctor, turns out i have a bacterial infection of throat and ears and have been bedridden since then.

I feel so sick that I could not imagine to have a cigarette, I assume it would be the only thing to make my throat feel worse than it already does.

Laying here in bed - this got me thinking. I have NEVER went 2-3 days without smoking since I started! If I don't quit now , I will never do it.

I am a very anxious person that doesn't drink much alcohol or indulge in drugs, but smoking has always helped my anxiety. 

My triggers are the the following:

1 - Coffee.

 (3-4 cups a day). As soon as I get up I run to the kitchen and smoke while making coffee and then have another one or two smokes before my shower. I absolutely must quit coffee if I quit smoking. I started using both around the same time in my life and have always been together. 

Anyone able to drink coffee (espresso coffee with no milk or cream) now that they have quit?

2 - Friends.

(every single one of my friends smoke, besides my gf who I live with). I don't think I would be able to be around anyone at the moment and thankfully I am bedridden at the moment and can't leave the house. Not sure how I will do it when I feel better and resume my normal life.

3 - Flying. 

I fly between 2 to 4 flights a week, every week, sometimes more. Part of my routine is having a cigarette in the last possible minute before checking into security and I also run like a madman out of arrivals to grab a smoke asap. It's so bad that I cannot drink the coffee or the tea that is offered on the flights. I did once and I was an absolute nightmare. A big reason it triggers me is because I know I cannot smoke on the aircraft, so my anxiety and cravings go into over drive.

4 - Self Employed

I am self employed which means I can smoke at any time. I don't have to wait for breaks or lunch times.

Last but not least, I love to smoke..

I think Cold turkey is the only way, as if I use devices I will 100% abuse them.

Anyone with similar triggers feel free to chime in.




