Please help! Husband says he will stop, but continues an hides it.

My husband (31) and I (30) have been together for almost 6 years, married for just over 3.  He had been a smoker for years when we first started dating and continued for the first year we were together.  When he finally quit I was elated!  I have never felt so proud of him and, since I was his primary reason for quitting, I knew he cared deeply for me.  I tried to be as supportive as possible while he was quitting.  I put up with his mood swings and let him vent as much as he wanted and to my knowledge, for the last 5 years he hadn't smoked, until recently...

Last October he started acting a little strangely; he would get quiet/irritated/depressed/etc (pretty much every negative emotion) very quickly.  He stopped texting or calling me during his lunch breaks and started staying a bit later at work.  At first I thought he was cheating but then a couple of weeks later I came across a receipt from a gas station - snickers, red bull, and... cigarettes.  I was devastated!

I confronted him about it as soon as I got home and he immediately apologized and said that work had been so stressful that one day he broke and bought a pack.  He said he continued and hid it because he knew I would be upset, which I was, but I was more upset that he had been hiding it!  He promised that he would quit, cold turkey, and I felt he was sincere.  At this point I was still more hopeful than hurt.

A week later I got home from work before him (which doesn't usually happen) and as soon as he got home I could smell it.  The stench of cigarettes was on his jacket!  Again, I immediately confronted him and he broke down giving me the same story.  I decided that I must not have been supportive enough and that I would help him this time.

This has repeated 6 times in 4 months!

I don't know what to do!  How do I get him to realize that the stress relief he thinks he's getting is like putting a band-aid on a cannon wound?  I have tried leaving him alone to quit, being as supportive as possible, being angry, being sad.  I don't know how much more of this I can take.

Does anyone have any advice for me?