I wish every smoker could feel this freedom for just one day

So I have been nicotine free for 179 days. That's 179 days of absolute freedom. I think back to just before I quit and it makes me want to cry. I was a slave to nicotine. Chain smoking 3 packs a day. Using a vape  at work because I couldn't smoke inside. I had to have a constant intake of nicotine to function and not blow up over all the little things. I remember feeling hopeless. I felt there was no escape from my addiction. I must have smelled soooo bad. My skin looked terrible. I coughed violently on a regular basis. I was literally killing myself. And the constant need to have something to make me feel normal. I really believed that cigarettes calmed me down. Truth is my addiction is what had me all upset and crazy.

The first week off nicotine was like a science experiment. My head felt foggy and thick. I couldn't keep my train of thought. My emotions were all over the place. I was a wreck. Several times I thought I was really going crazy. I taught myself to knit and knitted constantly. I couldn't follow a pattern because my brain was to jumbled to keep count of the stitches. So I just knitted, and unraveled it,
and knitted it again and again until the yarn was so frayed that I couldn't use it anymore. I danced and sang and cried and made poltergeist faces at people when driving my car. I wrecked in a Wendy's drive thru and backed out while hollering out my car window. I still haven't gone back there. I yelled at my dog then hugged him and cried. 

Those first 5 days were the hardest of all the days I've been quit. 

Now, I rarely think about smoking. Although, the thought does creep in on occasion. My hands feel just fine setting in my lap doing nothing. I'm more productive because I don't spend all my time smoking. My body doesn't crave a drug to feel normal. I don't have to be on an emotional roller coaster because I'm in constant withdraw. My coffee tastes delicious. And since I'm not spending 20$ a day on cigarettes I buy the expensive coffee. In fact, I have more money to spend on everything. I've even started saving. After 20+ years of smoking I could have saved a tidy sum if I hadn't literally set fire to my money. 

I'm so grateful to all of you, and this subreddit for the support I've received. 
It's a fabulous day to be a non smoker! 