100 day's.... I'm just so grateful to be not smoking with all you fine folks today!

My journey began 145 days ago with a patch. 100 days ago I gave up the demon nicotine. I am so grateful to be freed from that never ending circle of suffering. I once thought there was no possible way I could quit. I had almost given up all hope. After 20+ years smoking 3 packs a day it was almost guaranteed that I would die too young. I took more breaths of smoke in a day than I did oxygen. I coughed til I vomited every morning. My breathing was laboured all the time. I couldn't lay flat on my back and breath. I had heart palpitations. I was using a 54mg nicotine vape at work because I needed to constantly ingest nicotine. I'd use lozenges and smoke at the same time. Then I got scared. It had been 10 years since my last real quit attempt. I got so scared that I got my affairs in order. I felt a heart attack was imminent. So I thought I would try one last time. I got some patches. A shit ton of stuff I never allowed myself to eat. I also got some knitting needles and yarn, and taught myself to knit. I downloaded a quit app. Then I googled nicotine addiction and educated myself. It helps to know why you are going crazy.  Nicotine is a serious drug addiction. It's not a habit. The mints I ate all day every day were a habit. It was easy to replace them with toothpicks. Nicotine is just as addictive as heroin and cocaine. Don't fool yourself into believing you can have just one fix. When I first started the patch it was crazy. I couldn't sleep, I had panic attacks. I thought I would lose my mind. The 21 mg of nicotine in that patch was a joke. Many times I considered cutting it up in smaller pieces and chewing it like bubble gum. Eventually my body adjusted and the junky in my brain would give me occasional fits. Mostly though I was cool. Then came the step down. It was just as terrible as before. This is when I felt like I was just dragging the suffering on needlessly.  So after 2 days on the step 2 patch I tore that bitch off and went cold turkey. I took 5 days off work. I truly felt like I was going crazy. I gave myself permission to feel crazy and out of control. I paced around my house like a lunatic making poltergeist faces. And one day, I'm not sure which day, I felt dramatically better. The crazies were just a memory. The constant need for nicotine was a memory. The heart palpatations are gone. I forget quite often that I ever coughed in the mornings. Now if I cough I get worried I'm sick, it's not normal anymore. I forget to take breaks at work. I felt so confident after giving up nicotine and surviving that I went and got my dream job. I'm completely in love with my job. It can be stressful and in those moments I'm grateful I don't have to go smoke. I need those minutes make shit happen. 

Today I find myself sporadically bursting into tears of gratitude, joy, and relief. I'M NO ONES SLAVE ANYMORE!!! 100 days of freedom and a lifetime to go!