I'm nearly at 100 days, so I thought I'd share my odd story.

Hi everyone. Sorry if this sounds cheesey or comes off like I'm bragging. It's supposed to be inspirational, I promise.

I started smoking when I was 17. At first is was pretty casual, just with friends, when we were out. Then it stopped being okay for me to constantly bum cigarettes. I convinced friends to buy them for me, with my own money of course. Well, then I had an entire pack, and what was I going to do, let it go stale? I was 17, and my parents wouldn't let me work, so money wasn't really flowing in my bank account. That's when I stated smoking when I was at home, and alone. Sound familiar? I'm sure a lot of people started out this way. Now, quitting is where my story gets interesting. I smoked for four years after that. It was a strange thing, because I never really felt addicted like everyone said I should be. My first attempt to quit was when I was 18. I decided to quit for this guy I was dating. I quit for about a month, and it sucked. I was nauseous all the time, and had a non-stop migraine. Then the boyfriend and I broke up. The first thing I did was light up a cigarette. I didn't quit for me, I quit for him. Quitting for myself was the first step in quitting successfully, at least for me. 

When I went to quit the second time, things were very different. I had hit a sort of rock bottom in my life. I was rapidly approaching [unrelated] disability, I was unemployed and scratching and scraping for money. My mom was going through a divorce. I was losing a lot of friends to distance and time and my inability to socialize the way I used to. I was in constant pain from my medical condition, and my pain killers made me vomit regularly. Then my boyfriend of nearly three years decided he was no longer happy, and wanted to move out. I was terrified, and didn't know what was going to happen to me. He was my life line in several ways. He helped me pay my bills when my nannying job wasn't enough. He kept me sane. He made me feel like I wasn't some broken loser who could never do anything on her own. He defended me when people didn't think I was actually disabled. The first thing I wanted to do was light up a cigarette.

As I discussed with my boyfriend what the problems were, I discovered he didn't have a problem with my disability. He didn't have a problem with my unemployment, although it made things very difficult for us. What he did have a problem with was that I had essentially given up on life. I was content with being home alone all day, cuddling with my dog and watching tv on the couch, strung out from my pain meds, with a puke bucket on the floor next to me. That was my life, day in and day out. Netflix and Reddit all day long, except for when I was sleeping. I had no self esteem, and it was obvious. I stopped getting dressed. I stopped showering as often. I never felt confident enough to have sex. I was so depressed, knowing that none of my medical conditions had cures, and that I would be miserable and reliant on medication for the rest of my life. It took my boyfriend leaving to live with his parents for a month for me to get my shit together and realize that my life wasn't over. I decided I was going to start getting out of the house every now and then, even if it hurt. I was going to get off the couch and move around, and keep myself from losing all worth. I was going to quit smoking.

I had a few more cigarettes throughout the day, and went to visit my mom while my boyfriend moved his things out of the house. I came back and it was nearly empty, since just about everything was his. The tv. All the game systems. The dresser. The bed. I slept on an air mattress for around 30 days, with no other company than my dog. I occasionally had the company of the two year old I nanny, but as time has gone on, I spend less and less time with him. Two or three days a week, tops. Sometimes just one day a week. The rest of the time was spent alone in my apartment. To be honest, I don't think I could have picked a better time to quit smoking. I'm not sure if it was just the right time for me, or if my grief overshadowed any withdrawal symptoms. I got a headache about two weeks in, and that lasted for a while, but I really never had any symptoms. Nor cravings. The only thing that seemed to plague me was the habit. I still checked the clock to see how long it's been since I'd had a cigarette, and then I'd remember that I had quit.

So, I'm not sure what the moral is here. I don't know if I should tell you guys that sometimes withdrawal symptoms aren't so bad, or if I should be telling you that hitting rock bottom helps quitting not hurt so much. Either way, 98 days cigarette free has flown by. I don't even think about smoking anymore. I'm so happy that I've made it this far, and I feel genuinely healthier. I can't tell you guys the last time I've coughed, which is an amazing feeling. I don't wake up with sore lungs anymore. I don't have to worry about the way my lungs hurt if I smoke too early in the morning. I might not be able to run and jump and play sports or anything, but I'm grateful for this push over the edge, and that I'm no longer the cause of my own misery. Quitting smoking was more for me than just a health decision. It showed me that I can improve myself, even when I think it's impossible. Fr those of you out there struggling, or considering quitting, you can do it. It's not about the cigarettes. It's about you. You can make this decision. You can change yourself for the better. You can overcome anything you decide to overcome. I always thought people were full of crap when they said you can just decide to be a different person, or just decide to quit smoking. It turns out, while they're not always right, sometimes they are. I did it.

EDIT: Sorry, the boyfriend has been living with me again for quite a while and I'm working on making my life, and his life better as well.