Finally kicking it to the curb

I appologize in advance for the long post.

I never liked smoking, I grew up around it all my life. Was even smoked around when I was a child, and have to deal with a few people who downplay secondhand smoke.

We recently laid to rest my two grandparents in the span of 2 years, health issues mostly attributed to smoking. 

I saw how destructive it was. I started at 16 and Im 25 now, so I smoked about 9 years, 8 and 3/4ths to be exact, but i made the effort late last year. I went back and fourth picking it up and back again with the help of lozenges, and gum, even chewing tobacco at first.

It feels weird since nothing has changed too much in life but i knew this was a mistake 3 years into it, and wanted to quit since then but didnt know how. At this point, my thoughts and more, feel collected enough, so i took the chance.

Before my grandfather died this year, we finally set up hospice care at my aunts place. She needed help watching him while she and her lover worked, so i obliged and helped.

During that time, watching him wasnt nice to deal with. Sometimes he couldnt stand up on his own. Had trouble making it to the bathroom. Sometimes seemed out of it. But the last few days is when he lost himself from the progression of his ailments. He was there, but not entirely, thanks to the lack of oxygen. He was on tanks and several inhalants for COPD and asthma but it wasnt enough then.

We sat by his side as he was asleep and took his final breaths and left us. During this time is what i felt gave me the opportunity to quit. I talked with family and I got help getting supplies of mainly nicotine lozenges. I recommend the Equate brand from Walmart, as their lozenges contain 7 more than Nicorette, and are 3-4 dollars cheaper. Thats basically 1-2 extra days of lozenges, its a no brainer.

I had asked for help quitting where I was living before, and my family there wasnt helping me. Those folks were people who would keep asking their friends for packs of cigarettes. I'd ask them to see if they could get NRT products, of which I only recieved one time. That's why I'm still here now, not back there.

I had bodily hics and all before which gave me the determination to quit. Seeing just my grandfather end up dying twice from a quad bypass surgery yet somehow living, end up with emphysema and chronic obstructive bronchitis, heart failure, and renal failure were enough to wake me up.

My mother continues to smoke, and one of my brothers does too. Ive asked them to try as well, but im not sure if they will.

Ill be visiting doctors for many things somewhere down the road since i need to establish where my health is actually at, since I dont know. Lungs, heart, past history of arrhythmia seemingly attributable to hydration and electrolyte issues, hypochondria anxiety, ADHD, none of which smoking was going to help.

I take all of it seriously, and deserves no less than the majority of my feelings of how serious tobacco addiction can be.

All addictions can be tragic, and Im hoping I dont end up as a statistic. Even if I happen to run out of NRT products, then thats fine since quitters need to eventually move off the NRT therapy.

Ive been quit off cigarettes for about 2 months now, so here's to hoping it works.