The universe won't mind, but I do.

Hi there,

I want to share my story about my relation with smoking. Primarily because this writing will help me straighten my thoughts before I completely quit tomorrow. And maybe someone can relate, maybe not, we'll see. I don't know how this story will unfold, but lets find out.

First of all, I know about the relation between body and mind and how this works both ways. If I neglect my body (bad food, alcohol, drugs) my mind will align and be worse off. If I feel bad my body will follow in posture and facial expressions. And visa versa. If I force a good posture (shoulders back, take a lot of physical space, fake smile) I'll feel better and when I'm happy (that's most of the time luckily) I'll take better care of myself (sleep/rise early, eat better).

Keeping a healthy life balance is something I neglect most of the time. There are many reasons and excuses (busy job, family life, pubs, alcohol). Although I'm physically and mentally in a good, not great, but good place, I certainly know I can do more (exercise, healthy food, sleep diet). And that this will benefit me a lot, both physically and mentally. What is keeping me from doing this is mostly related to smoking. I know this because I've quit before, sometimes for more than a year. The results were impressive.

I've been quitting a lot. Sometimes years, sometimes months, sometimes a week. If I know that quitting makes me feel much better, then why do I relapse all the time? The first thing that comes to mind right now is the ultimate and utter meaninglessness of live itself. And how this is engrained in my thoughts to a very deep level.

This sounds quite negative, but is something we should celebrate every day. Life is brilliant. Just imagine. From the very first organic material on earth that could reproduce until my existence, all my ancestors survived and reproduced. That's impressive. The whole universe is connected. We are all made up of stardust and some of the water you see in the clouds today were in your body previous week. Let's appreciate the beauty of it all.

But it is a fact live can be over for complete species in the blink of an eye (dinosaurs). And in the next few decades we may destroy ourself if we don't pay attention (read: Superintelligence from Nick Bostrom). Although we think we, as a species, are relevant somehow, we're not. The universe won't mind if we're not around. Yes, I might die, but what does it matter. Consciousness seems coincidental. Our existence and actions lost in the laws of thermodynamics.

So overall, deeply acknowledging the futility of human existence is somehow an excuse to smoke. Nihilism induced smoking. These thoughts have been prevalent for the last decade. But recently something changed. I have offspring now.

My parents are great. Both still together, alive, healthy and around 70. They mean a lot to me. And they do a lot for me, still. Recently I had an epiphany: I want to be as available to my children as my parents are for me now. Wouldn't that be beautiful. I suspect my kids might appreciate me being around too.

Although my earlier quittings made sense from a logical point of view (health, wellbeing), I never really supported it fully on a deeper level. I always expected to relapse in episodes of hedonistic indulgence and never expected to quit for life. Me quitting tomorrow makes sense on a deeper level. Although on the long term life is still futile, me being present in the short term may suddenly be perceived as important.

I have to try to make the best possible version of me, as an example to my kids, and later, to be around when they are older. I want to live as long as I can, so I will quit smoking

A lot of quit smoking programs are based on logical points of view. First the body, then the mind will follow. I think this works if you try to reframe negative thoughts into positive ones (a craving is part of the healing, etc), but it is difficult. Quit smoking based on a mindful thought might be easier. The most difficult of the two has been handled. The body will object for 2 to 3 days, but thats it. I hope others find there own deep rooted reasons to quit. To suddenly see smoking for what it really is.

Although I'm feeling stronger then ever about me quitting, I'll still restrict my behaviour, at least for half a year. Just to be absolutely sure that an inevitably temporary weakminded intoxicated hour will not cause a relapse. No coffee, no alcohol, no late night pubbing. The last two decades I haven't gone a week without them. They are all related to me smoking. Some people will be disappointed, but I won't. See you in six months.

Instead I'll focus more on the things I really like to do. Have sex, rise before 6am, long walks, play with my kids, playing guitar, reading books, learning new programming languages.

I hope I can look back on this story in a year, contemplating that all the reasoning I created in the past were only a justification of keeping a sustained level of nicotine. That it was just nicotine induced reasoning.

Don't wish me luck.
I'll manage.

I'm done with the internal struggle.