Day 151. How i stopped and how i'll (probably) never smoke again.

i'm 33, i was smoking for 13 years, stopped 151 days ago, here's how it worked for me and how i'll (probably) never smoke again:

i never really intended to stop smoking, at least not 151 days ago, ofc i was constantly thinking and confronted about stopping, especially since ppl were telling me how i should stop, because health reasons, but i was too lazy and never really cared about what others have said.

i never smoked inside my house or car, so i always had to go outside to smoke. in the beginning of the year, during holidays, i was a lot at home and was too lazy to go outside to smoke. at some point i event started to feel dumb for going outside only to smoke, especially since the weather was really cold, that got me thinking and i stayed inside. as dumb at this might sound, two days have passed and i was surprised how well that went. at this point i got motivated to see, if i can keep it up to not smoke for 7 days... 7 days passed, didn't smoke and didn't have the feeling that i'm missing something. i was always afraid of withdrawal symptoms or something like that, but nothing really happened. it went smoother than i expected. i think it was key that i felt dumb for going outside only to smoke, since this changed my mind that i felt dumb for smoking in general. the hardest part was to not smoke in my daily routine afterwards, especially while beeing at work or being on my way somewhere, it felt strange to go outside without a pack in my pocket.

i still had a full pack at home (and still have it to this day), basically right next to me, so i could smoke whenever i wanted to, but after i made it to day 14, i refused to smoke just because i already made it so far, if that makes sense. i never wanted to become a militant non-smoker, so i kept my last pack at home and met with ppl who were smoking. i think this was important, especially keeping the last pack, because i think i would've become crazy just for not having a pack at home.

after speaking to the uncle of my girlfriend, who stopped smoking after 40 years, he told me that he's afraid of the "next cigarette" and i should set my brain to be afraid as well, once you're afraid of the next cigarette, you won't touch it, because you'll be aware that once you even try to smoke a cigarette again, you'll be instantly addicted again.

thanks to this advice, i'm on day 151, i'm still afraid of the "next cigarette", happy that i made it so far, am motivated to make it to day 365 and due to that (probably) will never touch a cigarette again.