Extreme nicotine addiction by Snus

It all started when I was like 13 (now 27) - first experiments with cigarettes which grown to serious addiction, by 15 i regularly smoked a \~pack a day. When I was 21 i decided to stop, cold turkey, just quit - I've been able to - surprisingly - however I still got that carving feeling in back of my head. Even after months i was still challenged by thoughs about a cig but I always said no, but by the time I started to be more open to alternative tobacco products, my friends loved hookah when we were somewhere out. I loved it aswell it tasted real good, it was fun to use - why not have one, right? Wrong - I was back to my strong nicotine addiction, i just recovered it by getting my first Shisha home. Shortly, I was again needing huge nicotine intakes. I was doing like 1-4 solo sessions with 15-20 grams of shisha tobacco. It was really quick and I was addicted once again really hard. I also quickly realised it's happening again. I just hated the feeling of unhealthy lungs, coughting and so on so I quickly switched to snus as it has been introduced to me by other friend back then. I thought snus was my final solution for my nicotine addiction. Wrong. The thing with snus is it is fine because: you don't have to go out to have it, you don't need to do anything to have it you just put it under your lip and have it as long as you want as much as you want, no problems talking, no problems with stink, smoke no hassle. Just easy nicotine intake. Whole day. Man i love the Nicotine buzz I found out that Snus companies are battling for the "strongest snus" price really hard and then - after 2 years of heavy snus usage, especially with the strongest products out there I realised that I didn't stop smoking I failed hard. I managed to start from like 1mg nicotine / cigarette and end up with 45mg nicotine pouches of snus 24/7 basically. That's a lot of nicotine intake compared to regular smoker. And now I again decided to live nicotine free life and quit cold turkey snus and everything. 

It's third week now. I have strange physical feelings in my head, like isolated headaches from on random points on my head. I am trying to live fit but now I see sugar, i have to have it. I eat munchies like i am stoned whole day. I am angry, mostly, sad - sometimes, I even want to cry for no reason (lol really i never cry even on really sad ocasions). Sometimes i really want to beat the shit out of somebody just for no real reason (i was like this) i am getting really concerned not about myself but about my surroundings. It have to be pain to co-exist near me. Help me! (any advice, chat, whatever highly appreciated)