After an 18 day streak I'm back where I started

Hi Reddit
    
    
(sorry for the length, but I appreciate anyone and everyone who reads and replies)
    
    
(edit: also sorry for the formatting, I'm not new to Reddit but pretty new to posting)
    
    
Like most posters, I’ve read this site a lot before deciding to chime in with my own story. Mostly because I felt like I didn’t need to and could get by on my own. My only successful quit lasted for 18 days. I’m 23 and have been smoking since I was 18. had I gone that long without a cigarette since I started smoking. The most was 3 days or a week when I would go home from college to visit my mom. I used to smoke a pack a day or more but lately have been smoking about 3 packs a week. 

    
    
I guess I’ve been in the mind frame of wanting to quit for the last two years. When I started smoking, I was working security at a medium-large music venue and bar/restaurant. I worked there for almost 5 years and it really influenced my heavy smoking habits. This last year in particular has been super difficult, even after quitting the place in April, because that’s when I’ve wanted to stop the most. I have a great support system. My SO used to smoke with me all the time and we brought out the worst habits in each other (chain smoking, drug binges and lazy days full of sleep and Netflix). 
    
    
He recently (for the past 80 days) has quit smoking and his former drug of choice cold turkey. He used to go a month at most so this is really incredible for him. He’s worked out almost every day (accounting for rest days) and has stuck to a diet that’s made him lose 30 pounds (he was a bigger guy, but not quite obese). I was supposed to start that journey with him but have obviously been lagging. 
    
    
My excuses ranged from applying to jobs, and the stress of moving. But even after I moved to my new apartment and landed the job to launch my career, I’m still here smoking. I don’t use drugs anymore besides weed and alcohol. Alcohol is a bit of a problem, but I’m not ready to label myself an alcoholic just yet. My successful 18 day streak happened about two weeks after I moved into my new place and ended a couple days after the start of my job. 
    
    
I’m nowhere near smoking how I used to. But I am sick of being a slave to these things. My new quit date will be this Thursday (Wednesday being my last smoke). I have 8 cigs left in this pack and I will make them last until then. I’m doing this because I hear it’s best to have Saturday as day 3. Working in a M-F/9-5 gig, this seems like it will work. 
    
    
My fear is I won’t be able to last through the Halloween party me and my roomies are throwing on Friday. I was planning on taking a month long break from alcohol starting November 1st, and wanted to convince myself to smoke until then. But I’m tired of making excuses for myself and don’t want to buy another pack to be stuck with until next week. I’m afraid I’ll just cycle week to week, quitting Wednesday and lasting till Friday night or Saturday and starting all over the next week. 
    
    
I’ve never posted on this sub before or received a badge, so that will be my next step when I actually stop on Wednesday. 
    
    
You guys are always just so supportive and motivational, so I’m hoping for some empowering stories or any advice in general. I think cold turkey is the only way it can be for me. I’ve tried vaping but that leaves a bad taste in my mouth, I think mostly from the metallic mouthpiece. I’ve also tried gum which does work but I then I was just going crazy over the next time I could eat a piece. I tried Chantix years back and that was just the worst thing ever.
    
    
Also, I hear it’s very bad to quit two things at once. Will this jeopardize my month without alcohol? I want to just dive in but I’m afraid. My SO is fed up with my lack of will and desire to get on his level, but I do want to be there very badly. 
    
    
Any words are welcome! Thank you.
