Official two weeks. Its been such a journey already.

It just simply grossed me out. More and more every day I found myself taking added measures to ensure I didn't make my family pull away from me. It became more than just a cigarette. It was going outside. I love being outside. It was to get away from 3 kids. It was to put off what I needed to do. No matter, it still sickened me. I found myself spending a great deal of time hunting down a lighter. I would carry the cigarette around for a while before I went outside. I was known to lay it down on occasion and forget where I put it. 

Once I was outside I could only bear to smoke half of the cigarette or less sometimes. It wasn't always the case. Its just been over the past 6 months or so that I can't stand the taste. I hated that there was ash ending up on my porch. I kicked it until it wasn't visible. I would walk to the end of the stair case and smash the cigarette into the sand like it was a spider. Then I would smash some more. My friend's house burned down because he put a cigarette in the trash that he thought was fully out. I would spit on the ground after I put the cigarette out. At first it was to get the taste out of my mouth, then it became apart of the ritual. I walked inside and ran a few drops of water over the tip and tossed it in the trash. I would then walk back to the sink and wash my hands. 

I did this 20 times a day. It seemed like the urge to quit was getting stronger with every drag. One morning, during my ritual I walked inside, disgusted with myself, and grabbed the entire pack and tossed it. From there I went down to the pharmacy and picked up the stage 1 nicotine patches. 

I have tried to use them before. Several years ago. My problem was that they wouldn't stick to my skin. Even if I was totally inactive, my skin would become moist under the patch and it would fall off. That hadn't changed. I tried to tape it on. Nope. I tried to use that medical stretchy white stuff. Nope. I had almost given up but I went to the pharmacist and asked what he thought. He was just about out of ideas but then suggested I use Tegaderm with the "pad" on them. Sure enough, the pad would absorb the moisture before it could fall off and the bandage would stick better around my skin. 

So I do good for the first week. Then disaster. I began to get violently sick after I applied the patch. I would start shaking, getting hot, vomiting, dizzy...and my sweet husband and I eventually figured out I was getting too much nicotine from the patch. I didn't want to give up what little crutch I had left. I decided to try the step 2 patches because of the lower dose.

I assume it was because I wasn't smoking an entire cigarette that I technically didn't need the step 1 patches. I have been using the step 2 patches for about 4 days. From time to time I feel a pain where the patch is located. It doesn't last long. I don't notice it much other than that and that I have far stronger cravings than when I used the step 1 patches. I put the patch on my leg, not my arm. My reason behind that is circulation. If you look at a diagram of the circulatory system of a human it shows where the oxygen-poor blood is being drawn toward the trunk of the body rather than being pushed away to supply blood to the extremities. If I put the patch where one of those oxygen-rich veins run then that body part feels cold. Its like the nicotine is being ran through my arm before it goes to my core. I don't put it on my arm because it rubs against less stuff on my thigh. 

To sum this all up, I have been fairly mellow using the nicotine patch. I think about cigarettes still but only a few times a day. The real challenge is trying not to be bored. Smoking was my hobby. I feel pretty plain now. I need a new hobby.