Who quit when life was hard?

I keep saying I'll quit when I finally feel settled. I'm going through a divorce, have gone from financially stable to poverty, and I am in rental hell and about to move my house full of kids for the second time in 3 months. I have believed that it is unwise to add another stress on top of barely holding it together. But bad stuff keeps happening to me and it has gone on too long. I had been quit for over a year before I entered the shotstorm that keeps giving, thinking it would get me through a bump in the road where I was so distraught that I could barely eat or sleep. I've had a couple of good days in a row and I want to launch into a healthier state of being as a conscious choice. I have quit several times, always when life is good (you can translate that to "mostly when pregnant" and "more than once when I could get high every day"). I want to believe that I'm strong enough to quit when my world is crashing down and not because I have fucking lung cancer. I suppose this is a thing people do, quit when life is hard because they have to. They're very ill or in prison or maybe when someone close dies of a smoking illness (although most smokers I know go the other direction and smoke more when that happens). I want to want to quit in the absence of either tragedy or something really happy. I want to want to quit just because I need to live a healthier life. I just get to worrying that the stress of quitting is as harmful to my health because it's making it more likely that I'll forget to notice and enjoy the little happy moments that happen every day, which is really what keeps my head above water. I keep thinking about the movie Airplane when the guy says something like "I guess I picked the wrong day to stop smoking crack", and that's pretty much where I go each time I think I'm really going to commit to stop smoking and more shit hits the fan. After two years of heavy shit hitting the fan on a regular basis, I feel like it's time to admit that I am at risk for disease and writing this has brought me to this as a concrete thought for the first time. So tomorrow I will start my taper and I will quit on Sunday August 19th. Has anybody quit smoking when things are really hard, and do you have any advice?