I think it's time...

So, I haven't been a smoker for too terribly long. Probably about 5 years in total. I quit for about 1-2 months a few years ago, but after a series of bad days I caved and picked them back up. Over the past few weeks I have been experiencing some strange heart palpitations. At first I just thought they were weird - that maybe I was stressed out. As the days went by my heart was skipping beats more frequently and beating rather fast. Finally, yesterday it got so bad that while I was driving I was feeling weak and having a difficult time holding on to the steering wheel. I ended up going to the hospital to get things checked out. Chest x-rays, ekgs, and lots of blood work later - turns out I am fine. No thyroid problems, no electrolyte issues, not anemic, and nothing strange on the chest x-rays. Over the several hours that I was in the hospital I watched my heart rate go from a "resting" 90 (I had smoked just before going in to the hospital) to a resting 73 and didn't feel many strange beats while waiting. After leaving with a clean bill of health I smoked on the way home. BAM. I could feel my heart THUDTHUDTHUDTHUDTHUDTHUD again. I'm am a young and healthy female...my heart should have another few million beats in it.

I think it's safe to say that it's time I put down my cigarettes. But for some reason the idea of quitting makes me nervous. It fills me with this sense of panic that I can't quite place. I don't know if it is a sense of fear that if I quit I will just end up smoking again, or if perhaps it's a sense of unease that for the rest of my life I will have to mentally talk myself out of wanting to smoke. Or maybe it's because it's my only "social vice" since I don't drink and only rarely smoke (dat green green) - maybe I am afraid to be seen as a prude or "straight edge" - whatever the fuck those are supposed to mean. But in all honesty I LIKE to smoke and I wouldn't quit if it wasn't such a great poison.

So, you excellent and inspiring quitters you, how did you do it. How do you tell yourself no when literally every aspect of your body and brain begin to beg for it?

TL;DR I think smoking is fucking with my heart...how the fuck do i quit?