Help me - desperately trying to quit for my family.

Hi guys! 

I'm reaching out to you in a moment of pure desperation. I'm probably opening myself up to a LOT of harsh criticism and hate, but here's my deal:

I started smoking when I was 13, and have smoked a pack a day ever since. I'm now 32.

I've tried quitting many times, using the patch, cold turkey, and ecigarettes. I find the withdrawal on the first few days to make me go completely out of my mind, and that feeling doesn't leave me for weeks.

My husband and I recently learned that I'm pregnant. This is super, super exciting news, except that it's not the way it was supposed to go! I was supposed to be nicotine free for at least 6 months before getting pregnant, but alas, the time came, and here I am, still smoking.

First, my husband and I thought "okay - ecigarettes! It's better than nothing! Harm reduction." but the more the reality of being pregnant sank in, and the more we read about "heavy metals" and all the unknown, it became clear that this option didn't make either of us comfortable.

My doctor suggested that I try cutting back. Well, I have cut back to about 12 a day, from a pack a day, but trying to cut back more than that is like, the most ridiculous thing I've ever heard of because, I'm sure many of you can relate, but living in a state where I'm constantly waiting for my next cigarette is like trying to quit and failing, over and over.

My doctor suggested the patch - and suggested I speak with a pharmacist about it. So I did. The pharmacist had me in tears. "You're killing your baby," she said "whether you smoke or use the patch, the nicotine is going to kill your baby. You are not a good parent."

I bought the patch anyway, but bawled my eyes out the entire way home.

I filled my husband in on what my pharmacist told me, and he said that he'd prefer I not use the patch, as it would mean nicotine in my system for much longer (and past the 'safe' date - for those who don't know, research shows that as long as you quit smoking before your second trimester, your child will develop as if you were a non-smoker the whole time. If there was a problem with the fetus in the first trimester, it would cause a miscarriage). So that was a game changer.

I started watching hypnotism videos on youtube. I think that was just, overall, a waste of my time.

So I picked up Alan Carr's book. I read it with gusto. I read it and re-read the words on the page, trying to make them sink in. I read words out loud. I started talking to myself on my smoke breaks: "This is a filthy addiction. This is making you sick. This is going to hurt your baby." I came up with plans on how I would reap the rewards of quitting - like little treats, daily (a new shirt, perhaps, or a new, fun pair of socks), to get me through. I was feeling motivated, but, at the same time, I was feeling some sense of dread and doubt. And Alan's book says to read it over again if you feel any sense of doubt. But I don't know that the words will ever really sink in.

So last night, I had my last cigarette. I didn't even finish it! I went to be with the nervous confidence that I could do it. I could quit smoking because it was the stupidest thing I'd ever started, nicotine did nothing for me, and Alan promised that the withdrawal would be "slight, if even noticeable."

When I woke up this morning, I was already on edge. The idea of not having my first cigarette was making me fall apart. I was full of anxiety, tension and stress, I was angry, I was sad, I was a basket case. I was thinking about my long day at work today (I have an unusually long shift today - 9.75 hours), having to grocery shop after, having to fix dinner, all while being completely exhausted due to my pregnancy... I was shattered.

So I woke up my husband, bawling, and told him I couldn't do it. That I'm a failure, and that I'm a terrible mom already, and that I hated myself. And it's true.

So on the way to work, I had a smoke.

PLEASE HELP ME. What have you guys done to work through those feelings of anxiety and stress. I feel like I'm going to climb up the wall when I'm not smoking. I lose focus, I have a rage living inside of me, and I feel like I could break at any point. Those "slight, if noticeable" withdrawal feelings Alan Carr speaks of are like a caged animal running around inside of me, trying to get out.

Someone, please help me. How did you cope? How did you manage? Is there any way to lessen the withdrawal symptoms? 

Please don't judge me. I want so badly to quit - I want to badly to be a good mom, to be healthy for my child, to be healthy for my husband, to not smell bad, to not be a slave to a cigarette, to have the surplus cash as a result of not smoking, and to be free of this.

I thought that it would be easier to just do the right thing and butt out as soon as I found out about our child. I thought that morning sickness might help, too, to discourage me from smoking. I thought there was a magical switch which made all my friends who smoked quit almost effortlessly because that's what being a mom is about, right? Being selfless? Putting your child first, with ease?

Why am I this terrible monster who is being so selfish as to continue smoking? 

Please help me!