Realization: The Ability to Stay Smoke-Free is Related to Your REAL Reason for Quitting

This is probably obvious to many, but I just realized this. Here's my story:

When my wife and I first met, we were both smokers. She smoked socially. I smoked a pack a day. Because I smoked so much, she began smoking a pack a day too. I work at home most times, and when I'm working I would sometimes take a cigarette break so I could think. She would follow me to have  cigarette too, engaging me in conversation.

When I finally decided to quit, I quit cold turkey. I wanted to be healthier, to live longer for our child, to not be a slave to the habit anymore. I took my half-finished pack of cigarettes, stuck them in a drawer, and refused to let myself be tempted to light one up again. I am very proud of this, I view it as strength. And I am proud that even when I am with smoker friends, I can prevent myself from taking even one puff. It's been two years since I last smoked.

Back then, my wife wasn't too happy that I suddenly quit smoking. She thought I wouldn't be able to do it. She said I shouldn't be so cruel to myself, that I should gradually lessen smoking instead of going cold turkey. She was sometimes upset when I refused to go with her to our roof deck, where we usually smoked and talked. She smoked less and less until she quit smoking too.

Some days ago, some old friends from college visited us. They were still smokers, so I accompanied them to our roof deck so we could talk while they smoked. That night, my wife asked me if I had a couple of puffs. I couldn't understand why she would think that. Staying smoke free is a matter of pride for me. Besides, if I decide to smoke again, I wouldn't hide it. This is my house, after all.

I learned that when she's with smoker friends, she would smoke a little bit. So, no, she didn't really quit at all, even if she says she did. She just didn't have a smoking buddy anymore in our home. She smokes to connect with people. So, the difference between us is I WANTED to quit, I was READY to quit. My wife "quit" when it stopped being a mode of connection between us. But she smokes again when a smoker friend is around.

I hope my story helps someone.