I don't know how to help my mom quit smoking anymore

I'm 18 and my mom (52) has been smoking for around 30 years, the only time she ever stopped was while she was pregnant with me. I'm an only and my dad and I are getting frustrated because she just won't even try to quit. I try to be as sympathetic as possible but I can't possibly stand for something that could potentially make her very ill (or kill her, at the worst). I love my mom more than anything and I hate seeing her do this. I know it's an addiction but I still hate it. 

My grandma (so my mom's mom) is 80 and has probably been smoking around 60 years with no known health problems (doesn't mean that there's nothing going on under the surface, of course), so I think that my mom comforts herself by using my grandma as an example of someone who has been smoking for god-knows-how-long and is okay physically. 

Whenever my dad or I try to speak to my mom about this she shuts down and immediately denies and defends herself. I've tried talking to her about it and she tells me it's none of my business. Her health has definitely deteriorated, when I was younger (up until about age 11/12) she was always super skinny and very active coaching basketball. She was super energetic and always on the go. Now, she doesn't exercise, has gained thirty pounds, smokes an insane amount, and eats absolute garbage food. She has chronic migraines that only started about five years ago and they knock her out for a day or two at a time to the point where she can't even eat but still smokes. It makes me so sad and angry to see her like this. She is a preppy woman and thinks of herself as high class but then she has this awful  (sorry, not trying to offend anyone at all) habit. She's a total hypochondriac in about every aspect except for the fact that she smokes like a chimney. It's a contradiction. 

If she won't listen to my dad or I, I don't know what to do. I want her to be at my wedding, I want her to be around when my grandchildren are born and grow. I'm sorry if that's selfish. I know she would be devastated if she couldn't do those things. I love her so much and this hurts me so badly. 

I am a bio/psych major and going into the field of medicine so to see this firsthand and learn about all of the different things that could go wrong as a result of smoking terrifies me. And there we have the two-hit theory of cancer- genetic predisposition and environmental exposure. Sure, maybe my grandma has some lucky genes and got by on the skin of her teeth- that doesn't indicate that mom is will do the same.  

I would appreciate any advice or resources. Thanks in advance. 

