The Next Last One Will Be Better. This Time.

This is the lie my conniving, fox of a mind sold my Self last night. What it didn't let on about was that, in order to get that 'next last one', I would need to go out and buy a whole new pack. That's peachy news for the tar-baby on my back! 



Yesterday, I broke a quarter century on this ball: 25 years, 2 decades and a half...it's pinnacle, like 40, 50, and all other ages that let on about where you currently reside in relation to the Big D, Death.  I've been smoking 7 years, rock steady, knocking down 20 a day average. Not so bad you say? Well even just 1 a day is bad enough - ya feel me? 



So, I get this idea in my head, right: I'll quit on my birthday, yeah, that sounds good, it jives, 25 and off the demon weed, yeaaah cool. Should be a breeze. 


I time it all so, well, perfect. I will finish Allen Carr's Easy Way ON my birthday, and you know what? I timed it fucking dead-spot-on. Had my last cigarette and finished the book at the same damn time. Smashing!



Then, I went to bed like any regular chap - wanting that 8 hours of unperturbed solace that any smoker relishes. What I didn't expect was my brain plotting against my nice, tighty, well laid out plans all the while I'm in dreamland twerking to raggedy jams put on by the Grand Maestro Mickey Mouse and his merry gang of trumpet-touting hooligans. 



I woke up, a fiend! Fully convinced that that last cigarette I had last night, well, it wasn't *that* good. Not *last-cigarette-of-your-life* good. The next one, now that one, that one will be the SHEE-IT! That one will make you cream your jeans, that one's sweet nectar will carry you on through a million lifetimes, you'll never need another. 


What the tar-baby "forgot" to tell me was that to get that next last one, I would need to burn through another 19 skinny little white pimps.  Cause you can't just buy one, oh no, that'd be too easy. 


So, on that note, I am off to go purchase my last pack (again). To chainsmoke all day. Then, quit again tonight. For the last time. 


I will quit. 
I am through. 
I am FREE. 
Just let me have another tee.hee.hee :(


Signing off, 

Capt. Kirkle 