5 days!

My lungs are clearing up more and more. I expect is to take months before I can breathe fully, but this is already much better.

Will do a 7 km run this morning, and later today I will meditate (and concentrate on my breathe while doing that - which is easier if breathing is not painful).

I am curious what sex is like if I am totally fit and healthy. I hope that my ex will accept me again (I still love her). Making a total transformation of my life right now, I completely collapsed last time as everything in my life became too much for me and I lost my (normally abundant) positivity and any frame that held me together. After everything happened, I decided that I need to start a new life for myself, with a new self-image (one of love and acceptance), a new lifestyle (with routines that actually work for me) and new dreams to pursue. I am letting go of my past. I am learning from everything that happened, but I give myself a new start.

I am very intelligent, naturally strong, social and positive, and I want to do a lot of good with my life for myself (that is new), the people I love and the world. However, somehow I am not even near to reaching my potential, a lot due to not taking good care of myself and being impatient and unrealistic, weak in discipline and strong innprocrastination. Now I am learning tonll love and accept myself in the present, while working towards a better future, making every day count. I am 32 and my brain is not as flexible as it was in my teens and twenties, but I trust that if I work dilligently that I can turn things around.

Quitting smoking is an important step for me. It's challenging at first, but I notice that it gets easier over time, and it has tons of benefits in many areas that I'd like to improve.

Don't get me wrong, I am doing this for myself, but if there's any chance that I can get back together with my ex then that would be great. No matter what, over the coming months I will overcome myself and build a much better life, which I will enjoy a lot. She will definitely notice, as she has, in contrast, just seen me completely collapse. She can decide if she wants to be with me then. No matter what she decides, I am very glad that I am making this transformation and I will live this way for the rest of my life - looking for joy every day, and working hard to make things better.