150 hours! Starting my triathlon training today!

Yes! I have not smoked for 6.5 days, almost a week! I am so glad that I am doing this. My body will become strong again, and I won't have to worry about causing myself to become ill or die young. I just trust that the damage that has been done will heal. If not, it's outside of my control (so it's no use to worry about it), but the regenerative properties of the human body are quite amazing.

I have been doing running training in the past 2 weeks, and also a bit of climbing and my first Brazilian Jiu Jitsu training. Now, I will return to my other favorite sport, triathlon, by doing my first complete 'light' triathlon training of this year - a slow 1/8 triathlon. Slow, because it's currently 31 degrees Celsius here ;)

\- 20 kilometers of cycling (on a regular bike, still repairing my racing bike). Back and forth to the lake.

\- 500 meters of swimming. Probably quite a bit more, it's nice to be in the water now :)

\- 5 kilometers of running, around the lake (if it cools down a bit) or later this evening.

The promise I did to myself 16 days ago, and that I have been working towards ever since (step-by-step... the step to quit smoking was finally made 6.5 days ago after a few failed attempts), is that I would become SUPER fit, strong, handsome and healthy again, and that I would change my lifestyle to reflect that dream. This wish does not come from a high ideal that I am pursuing, though I certainly am doing that, but I just want good things for myself. I have not taken good care of myself in a large part of my life, and this lack of self-love, acceptance and care also limited how much I could to for others, also I certainly tried.

Now I just want to live a great life, and when, in a few months of diligent self-development, I have climbed up to a high level, I hope to also be there for others in a much healthier and balanced way. I think it's best if people take good care of themselves as well in the degree that they can, like I am doing now, but I think people can  use positive role models and people around them who encourage them, and I'd love to do that, when I am at a place where it's natural.

In this post I focused on my physical transformation, but the most significant change that is happening is in my mind and my character. Of course your body will wear down as  you age, but good character can ripe with age. But I do want to enjoy being strong and healthy as long as I can, while continually gaining wisdom. :D

Now, it's time to gather my stuff and go to the lake. I'll take a good book with me as well, so I can pick up some wisdom on the way! ;)