Hard truth

A year ago I stopped smoking. I still remember the first three days being the hardest and then it became much easier. Of course I had my weak moments, but managed to overcome them. I remember the feeling, that if I will manage to stop smoking, nothing else will ever stop me. Because when you have smoked for 13 years 20-30 cigarettes a day and then suddenly in one day you stop this madness, which you thought these all years would never happen, it empowers you, it motivates you, it gives you hope that everything is possible. After a while the feeling fades away and you get back to your own life, despite the rare cravings you forget that you once were a smoker. 

But the reality is that once you are an addict, you are an addict for life. Harsh but truth. I used to say: "I am one smoke away from Two packs a day". 

On September I wanted to smoke weed, I planned the day so my parents take care of our child and we could visit our friends. I and my girlfriend, both heavy smokers before, non-smokers at that moment. *Well my gf already had given hints to me that, she has not planned to quit for forever, but she would like to start smoking again someday. What upset me but I was ok with that* We decided that our only option is smoke through joint, but since we had no rolling paper on hand we bought the small cigarette pack to empty cigarettes and put weed in them. **The Biggest mistake I made**. 

We smoked, got stoned, it was fun, but then we decided that since we have sill 8 cigarettes left, we could actually smoke them to not throw them away. As we were under influence of the green substance, it would not count. Even with our stimulated senses with weed, we could not notice, how smelly and awful cigarettes were. I can relate this feeling, that if you take an ashtray and lick it then breathe through it. But it did not stop me from doing it. 

And there I was correct. One smoke away from two packs a day. Currently on the day that should be my 1 year smoke-free day, I have smoked 34 cigarettes already today. As I am writing I still have 3 cigarettes left in my pack. I hope these will be my last, last forever. 

You may stop smoking, but you will not stop being an addict. Even after 5 years or more. The craves will haunt you at least that what I have heard from ex-smokers. 

So today I have decided to give it another try. I have become wiser, I have learned my mistakes. I have learned that the demon can wait and choose the correct time to attack you, so be on guard at all times. 

I already tried to quit on 1st of January, passed to 18 hour mark and then gave up. But this time I feel more confident. If I could do it last year, why couldn't I do this year. And even if I will end-up failing, this time I want to see this 1 year star for real. 

Regarding this subreddit: I would like to thank you guys, for being supportive. This sub was the reason I did overcome my first two weeks, I did check it anytime I got craving or had a free time, I became a fanatic lurker on my free time. It helped me. It inspires me to read other success stories, and I would welcome the successful quitters to post more often.  **Do not underestimate how much your input even few sentences can impact on first day quitters** I do believe that there are many people reading this sub, who have failed or who are actively thinking about quitting but are afraid to comment or post here or maybe someone who is a non-smoker, but feels that it is not worth it to post, but please do so, tell me your story, join me of not smoking tomorrow. Your voice helps. And I promise I will post here tomorrow and end of this week even if I fail. 

I remember the shame, and unwillingness to even look at this subs posts, when I failed. I felt like I have betrayed someone, and I was not wrong I betrayed my past self. I still have this guilt in me that I am not worthy enough to read the posts. 

I really do hope I will succeed, I will go smoke one of my last two cigarettes and hopefully wake up next morning as a non-smoker addict. 