This is a confession

 Dear All,

I have been a liar, and I want to confess and warn everyone of you who is on the journey to becoming a non-smoker.

I started pretty smooth, didn't smoke for around a month, in these 30ish days fighting the addiction, I was drunk on several occasions, but never did I broke down that bad to take the cigarette, and believe me there were many occasions I would love to go back to my old habit.

 At one point my friend asked me to go out to a stand-up show. Since we met an hour before we went to the local casino to kill time, which was a bad idea in the first place, since I am addicted to gambling as well. All went good we had a great time, we saw the show, went back to the casino, played some poker, I got hot and won a half of my monthly salary. All of the overwhelming sensations lead to the thing that I wanted a cigarette. I smoked, almost being free of this cancer for a month. 

The next day I opened my eyes from all the alcohol and cigarettes I had smoked, because I believe I smoked a dozen at least and did not felt anything than a big regret. However there was not the urge to go for a smoke, therefore I smiled.

Fast Forward to two weeks, when I visited a friend (smoker) of mine, which I had not seen for a half a year, and in two hours in meeting him after three beers I asked for a cigarette, smoked some, got back to the home, woke up, felt pretty good. 

For the first time in my life I thought I have overcome my addictive personality, and can be like other people (the Sunday smokers). I have smoked I believe 5 or 6 times in this period, and what can I say is that, I am looking forward for the next cigarette, I do not have the strong mindset I had before. 

Sure, I do not want to smoke in the morning, as I did want the first thing since I woke up 15 years, everyday without a break, I have my thought about cigarettes maybe once in two days, however, I still look forward for the next time seeing my smoker friends to have some time and smoke cigarettes with them. 

Which is why I wanted to write this - to warn you.

I know, it is only a time since I will come back to smoking daily or I have to re-identify myself and tune my thoughts in different way - that cigarettes do not come hand in hand with partying. 

Please take my lesson 