Trying to Quit Light Smoking (one pack every 3 - 4 months)

every 3 - 4 months, i buy a pack of cigs, smoke like 2 a day, get sick of it after 3 - 4 days and throw out the pack. i feel like a stupid, disgusting girl.

i started when i was 13. went on a roadtrip with some older friends to a trek con. we were all antis and i thought smoking was gross, something all those stupid creepy sporty dudes did. then i saw this girl at at the convention outside, probably about 17 cosplaying as a vulcan (with the ears and hair) but pretty goth in a leather jacket and fishnets. she was smoking a cig and i was like holy shit, i think i'm gay and then holy shit, smoking is SEXY. 

went over to talk to her and i felt soooo hopeless and tongue tied, she told me she was kylie and liked me enough to bring me to her motel. first time sex and then on the balcony, she sparked a cig and i asked her why she smoked and she asked me if i'd ever tried it and offered. and kylie taught me how.

we lived too far away to date, but after i went home, i saw smoking as a way to help me get over being shy and talk to girls. i thought id just smoke whenever hanging out with smokers, but a year later, i was smoking like 5 a day every day with my girlfriend ellie. i felt soooooooooooooooooo coool smoking on the street with my girlfriend and when she got me my first fake id and i bought my first pack, she said welcome to the club

when i got to half a pack a day at 15, tho, i just felt gross. i loooved smoking wit hthe girls. loved waking in the middle of the night and sneaking out to smoke. i loved getting high and smoking cig after cig. i hated showerinng constantly to not get caught. i hated constantly cleaning my clothes. i hated the smokers cough. i hated my yellow teeth. 

also id started dabbling in other shit. i was smoking weed every day and had started getting into cocaine and meth. it felt okay do do all that because i was already giving myself lung cancer. i didnt like how drugs was becoming my top priorty over school and work and family and friends. i had to quit. cocaine was easy to quit, just stopped hanging out with shady creeps and i had no access. weed was easy to quit. just told myself being clearheaded was good and it was.

and i made myself see craving cigs as part of what cigs were doing to me and wanted to stop. i never relapsed on coke or even weed. but i still havent stopped cigarettes completely. 

now im 23 and every 3 - 4 months, i go into this weird haze and dizzily go over to the smoke shop and buy belmont blues and smoke a cig and think of kylie and ellie. 

then i feel disgusting and gross, keep smoking for a few more days, and then by day three, a cigarette makes me nauseous and by day 4, i throw them out.

i dont know whats wrong with me. i hate myself for doing this. i tell myself that i cant keep being a smoker if i want to be healthy and if i want to get and keep my brie larson body and if i want to have high energy. and it works like 48 weeks a year, but four weeks every year, i'm smoking cigs and i dont know why. i quit cocaine. why cant i quit cigs?