I would like to quit, but I am genuinely scared since I use smoking as a way to manage my emotions.

Hey. So a part of me is actually confident I can quit smoking, and here's why. Firstly, more than a year ago, I decided I was tired of smoking cigarettes because they made me feel like shit, smelly, they were expensive, and cold when I went outside. Then I just switched to vaping because I knew it solved all of those problems and it was easy to not look back. Itt was easy for me to switch to vaping because I had reasons I believed in. Because of this, I would hope that when I solidify my reasons to quit nicotine all together, I can successfully quit. I also have had success voluntarily not smoking for 8+ hours when I have something better to do, or involuntarily for like 15 hours, and it wasn't even that bad.

Alternatively I've heard the first few days arent so bad. So the reason I fear quitting and simultaneously want to quit, is I use smoking to manage my emotions. I have PTSD and anxiety. I fear my anxiety will be really hard to deal with if I do not smoke. I have stressors in my life that I really appreciate being able to step back and smoke to chill from. I'm scared my anxiety will just hit me like a ton of bricks and not go away. But ultimately, I know if I want to progress as a person, I need to learn to manage these emotions without a substance. The health concerns are obviously important too. When I do decide to quit, which I am thinking would be this Sunday after my work weekend and my SO is out of town for a week (so I dont get shitty with them), I would just quit cold turkey. 

But goddamn, I'm anxious about the anxiety. 

A couple weeks ago I left for vacation and my vape burned up in the airport, I had a 5.5 hour flight, and couldn't get a replacement until the morning. Honestly it wasn't that bad, and I didnt really enjoy smoking again when I did get a replacement. That's fucked up huh, I got it because I emotionally was mitigating any future stress, not because I even wanted it in the moment. Seems like a major red flag.

Thanks 