I feel great (4 days smoke free report)

Hi everyone,

I'm writing this because I feel the need to share. Also because I feel just great.

I have never tried to stop smoking. I'm 22 and I smoked for the last 6 years 5-10 rolled cigarette/day. I did not planned to quit smoking last week. A friend of mine told me about Allen Carr's book, and how much he felt manipulated by him (which is a good thing in that case, because it made him stop smoking). So I got the book and started reading it, I was curious to know if Carr was able to manipulate me (I don't usually let myself get manipulated, I have my fixed ideas on things usually >> extreme left wing politicaly, Nietzsche reader, atheist, I do contemporary art, love minimalism/conceptual 60-70's art). At first, I thought it was badly written (and it is), but somehow, probably because what he says is true, I didn't let the bad writing hide what was really important. 

It took me 3-4 hours to read it, and I had my last cigarette on sunday, at 2:30PM, after finishing Allen Carr's book. Since then, I haven't smoked, and I am convinced that I will not anymore.

Carr has successfully manipulated me, and I really want to thank him for that.

So it's been almost 4 days now, and I've been through a lot of phases during these 4 days. 

I cleaned up my room of all tobacco material ; filters, tobacco, ashtrays, rolling paper, etc, put everything in the dustbin outside on the road so that I wouldn't be tempted to dig in (also it was raining hard that day).

The first few hours went well, I could remember clearly my last cigarette's disgusting taste, no way I smoke again. At arround 7PM I start to crave. (One thing I didn't say is that initially I have no intention of quitting weed, I'm a regular ent too, but I didn't see that as a problem, I just wouldn't put tobacco in my joints anymore.) So I start to crave and I call a friend so that I can get some weed. On the way, ironically, I go to my usual smoke shop, but only to buy long rolling papers (it may seems insignificant but it's a small victory). I leave the shop with a big smile. 

At 8PM I light a joint. It calms me for a moment but the effect is not the same. I don't recognise my good old joint... but still, there's no way I smoke tobacco again. I light another one an hour later, still not the same as usual... It's better than nothing though. I finally fall asleep on my couch watching Black Mirror.

I wake up at 7AM on monday (btw I don't have any course this week, it's "holiday" technically). I feel great. I realise that my coffee will not be the same anymore without that first cigarette. It's a bit strange, but never mind, I don't want tobacco anymore. 

I then try to get to work, but it's very difficult to concentrate. I was disappointed the day before with the joints, it did not work as expected, and I found it as a bad reminder of cigarette (holding the joint between two fingers I mean). So I look up on google "easy weed edibles". For 1h I dig the internet, trying to understand fully the process of making THC edible. It keeps me occupy, I don't crave for a moment. Finally I decide to stop reading the internet and get moving. 40min later I have space cookies. I eat 2, as I calculated the amount of weed for one cookie, 2 seemed enough (~0.26gr/cookie). 

1h30 later I realise I'm high as f***, but that's great, it keeps my mind occupied. At 2PM a friend of mine comes home to jam with synths/Ableton (electronic music). It is the same friend that told me about Allen Carr btw, so he fully supports and understands me. We jam during 2h, he proposes beer ; alright let's try it, even though it could be a trigger. We drink two beers, and I clearly crave from time to time, but I'm so high that I forget about it. He then leaves, I go eat something, then I take a cookie for desert, and I smoke a bowl. After that I don't really recall, I fell asleep on my couch again. 

The next morning I feel good, I drink green tea instead of coffee this time, to avoid the memories.

As the hour passes, the crave gets more and more intense. I find that the only way to relieve it is to always do something (and something that doesn't require any particular concentration). I clean up my room, draw a bit, cook, etc... I also get prepared to go to my art studio at my school, and even though it's almost a storm outside, I want to go by bike (I felt the urge to move/do sport at this point). So I eat, pack up my things, and fight the weather. It's been 48 hours now.

But I can't work at my studio either... the only thing I do is crave, take my head with my hands, go forward/backward a few times, emit a "dying cat" sound, browse reddit (it's a loop). I still not want to smoke tobacco. So I get home to smoke a bowl and eat a cookie. 

Same as the other days, I fell asleep because of the weed, early (~10PM). I must say that every day I enjoy going to bed because I know I will have at least 8 hours of my time that I will not have to endure craving. 

So day 2 was difficult, but I wake up feeling confident like every other day on day 3. I actually succeed at getting to work that morning. I keep myself occupied, I have lots of energy. I cook, eat and go to the studio, where I really get to work this time. It feels great. 

It's been now 72 hours.

I receive a message that tells me there's a meeting with my music label. I wasn't prepared mentally for that. Those meetings are usually chain smoke cigarette + joints + lots of beers. I don't know if I want to go or not, but the boss says it's important, so I'll have to deal with the drug consumption of everyone.

At the meeting, I take a beer, I refuse every single joint (that's not in my habits usually), they smoke, I don't, it's not a problem, I manage it, I feel great. As the beers flow through my throat, I still don't want to smoke. I then leave, drunk and happy, as I succeeded to manage the situation I was the most afraid of ; social (drinking).  

Today I woke up at 6:30AM, went running at 7 (which is something I never do), felt great afterwards.

So to conclude ; Allen Carr's book is great, I highly recommend it. I didn't completely respected his method since I used a substitute, weed, and I know some of you wouldn't advise to smoke weed while in withdrawal, but in my case it clearly worked. 

At first I didn't want to stop weed, but I think I'll have to. I don't like to smoke weed pure, so I guess now the only way I get to consume weed is by eating it, which is rare. 

 Overall I'm feeling better, it's only been 4 days but the difference is real. Also I really don't want to smoke tobacco again, even if the craves are strong sometimes, and that is thanks to Allen Carr's book.

At some point I thought I should have set a date to stop, as Carr says, and especially yesterday I regretted it. But if I rationalise it, it doesn't change anything. It's a great thing to have stopped NOW. 

With this book I really felt like if I don't stop now, there's no other possibilities left, no turning back. If I smoke after reading this, and acknowledging it, I feel like there's no way I could ever stop again. So that's a powerful enough reason.

Thank you for reading me, I needed to share this, it helps me focus. 

And again : **I feel great !**




 