I wrote this letter to my dad for him to quit smoking. Thought I'd share it with you strong people too.

Dad,

What a strong man you are.  You’ve ran mountains.  Swam rivers.  Conquered man and fear alike.  What a giant you are in my eyes.  Always known as a stoic brute.  A deep voice and a thundering roar, you strike fear into anyone who crosses you.  But that is only one side of you.  How caring you are, oh how much love fills your big, giant’s heart.  In life, I will only be able to look upon a few people and see the amount of love that they have for me.  I can see it in your eyes.  I can see it in your smile.  In that rough, firm handshake that brings me in close for what can only be called a Big Jake hug.
There is another side to you that I’ve only seen twice and heard once.  It is seldom that tears stream down your face.  You knew the pain that I felt when I called you crying that Andrew had died.  I could hear it in your voice.  I could hear the trembling of the mountain.  I tried to contain my tears.  I tried to be strong and hold it all in that day.  I tried to keep myself busy with the volunteer work that I had that day.  But I couldn’t.  I was overcome with such great sorrow.  I didn’t go to the funeral.  I didn’t hold a casket.  There was no hospital bed.  There was only sadness and disbelief.
But I have a question.
How white were the walls of Tucci’s hospital room?  How sunken and shallow was face? Were his hands cold?  Did they tremble with your touch?  What did you say to him while you sat there, helping his circulation?  Oh, man of such few words… What did you say to him that you didn’t break down?  All I remember is your head hung low and the glimmer of a few tears staining your face as you motioned me to come along as my friends and I waited in the waiting room.  Tell me.  Please, tell me.  I’m sorry if these questions bring pain to your heart.  I would never want to hurt you.
Am I going to be able to tell my kids how white the walls were?  Am I going to be able to recall your crestfallen chest rise and fall with great struggle as the mountain slowly crumbles?  Will my grasp finally overtake yours?  Could the heat possibly leave your rough, worn hands?  Am I going to be able to talk?  As the tears stream down my face, will I look into your dim eyes and be able to talk about old stories?  I’m not as strong as you.  I don’t think I ever will be.  I wasn’t forged in the crucible like you were.  
How heavy was his casket?  Did your knees shake under the weight?  Where did you draw your strength from?  Do you think I’m strong enough to carry you away?  Do you think my knees won’t buckle?  Tell me that I’m strong enough.  Tell me where you got your strength so that I can let you down easily.
You are supposed to grow old with mom.  You are supposed to spoil Jack and I’s children.  You are supposed to tell them the stories of your past, for I will never be able to do them justice.  My face won’t light up like yours does when you tell a story.  My hands can’t move like yours do.  The passion and the life just isn’t there.  They aren’t my stories to tell.  
Don’t you want to embarrass me on my wedding day with that damn toilet teacup story?  What father will I ask when I need advice on how to raise my kids?  What man can I trust when I ask for advice with my wife?

I’m writing this once.  I’ll never say another thing about it.  Do what you want with it.  Sit me down outside and look me in the eyes and answer me.  Man to man.  Father to son.  Answer these questions.  Take as long as you want.  I’ve got plenty of time.  But, I fear that you don’t have as much time as you think you do.  Talk to me.  And when you are finished, I’ll look at you.
You’ll either put another one in, bringing you four inches closer to your demise, or you’ll look back at me and give me four more inches of life.


With all the love that I’ve ever known,

Your Son
