Depression and Cigarettes

[I'm not suggesting you start taking medication to quit smoking. I feel that cold turkey is the best way to quit. This is about how depression can make it impossible.]

I've been on this subreddit since the end of 2013. I kept coming back here because it was a great support system for when I first started trying to quit.

I don't really need any of the information on it anymore, but sometimes I go to the subreddit and think, "Okay, i'm still doing this."

I quit once for 2 days, 180 days, 57 days, 43 days, 50 days, 8 days. I have quit so many times. I read the book. I understood the addiction. Taking off tight shoes. No benefits to smoking. I still couldn't hold down a quit. I had full "there is no try" mindset. I started working out and eating healthy.

I was 23 and I was a serial quitter.

I'm starting to think that deep down I liked quitting so much that I grew addicted to the feeling of my body healing. Once you're healthy and in shape, then what?

Depression can get bad very very quickly. I had been depressed for about ten years and I always tried so hard to pretend that I wasn't. I ignored it for so long that I even forgot I was depressed. I felt like that was the way things were supposed to be.

One conversation with a close friend of mine blew the dams open and it got ugly quick. I went from someone who was trying hard to look content to someone who was self destructing. This lasted about four months and it got really bad.

I wasn't smoking at the time, I was at 50 something days.

One night I hurt myself pretty badly and then ended up relapsing. This was around the time I started getting help. I finally got a family doctor and also a councillor to help me work through my problems. I told my doctor I wanted to try an antidepressant along with cognitive behavioural therapy with my councillor and he prescribed me Bupropion 150mg for depression (Brand name Wellbutrin and also sold under the name Zyban as a quit smoking aid). He told me it should help me quit smoking as well.

It actually did the opposite. My depression got easier to manage, but I was smoking a lot more. I went from half a pack a day to a pack or more a day. It made the cigarettes very disgusting and undesirable but I kept smoking them.

The depression got bad again and on December 31st, 2015 my doctor raised my dose to 300mg. I quit smoking at midnight and I still haven't smoked. I haven't thought about cigarettes at all.

Bupropion got me out of a rut that I was in for ten years. I'm solving the problems that contributed to my depression and I feel that some day soon I can stop taking it.

I feel like my inability to quit had a lot to do with my depression and self harm issues and now that I'm turning my life around its so much easier.

Again, I'm not suggesting you take medications for depression or quitting smoking but they did work well for me and others that I know.

Thanks for reading this whole thing, I'm really stoned. 