4 days 12 hours 6 minutes since my last smoke.

I have cried more in these past days than I have all year. I’ve been an extremely short tempered, irritable demon bitch woman to my husband. I’ve been full of energy with not enough shit to do. I am the type of person that hates the mall and hates shopping but I have twice now gone there to simply walk around and distract myself.

Anytime any mild discomfort or irritant comes along I think about smoking. Any time I finish eating, or finish a chore. Any time at all. While driving. After coming out of a store, before going into a restaurant. It’s just all the time and it’s dragging on me. I can’t smoke so I just cry. I need positive support so bad, but my husband is staying away from me.. giving me space (which I totally understand) and I don’t want to put my terrible feelings on anyone else because this is one of the most stressful times of the year anyways. 

My reasons for quitting are: 
-I want to have a baby. 
-my family medical history, it is almost certain I will have heart problems and possible blood clotting issues. Smoking makes those chances literally like 100% for me. 

I really am stuck on wanting to have a baby. I thought I was all ready pregnant but found out yesterday that I am not. It was my main “reason” it was the thing I had to focus on. And now it’s like.. not only did I not have to do that before knowing whether I was/wasn’t pregnant.... but now I have free reign to do whatever cuz I know for sure I’m not pregnant. So I could smoke. I could drink. But it will be hard again for me someday when I know I eventually will have to quit... or hurt an unborn human baby and die young. Those are my choices. I get angry too because those are such OBVIOUS choices!! They shouldn’t be hard to make... I’m not a selfish person! But my fucking addition to cigarettes is. That guy doesn’t give a fuck about me, or my family or my health or my future unborn baby. 

I do also realize that quitting now, before becoming pregnant is much more ideal. I won’t have all this stress and be pregnant too. I haven’t slipped up once. Have not smoked. I’ve chewed the nicotine gum, it is somewhat helpful. I have changed habits. Drink less coffee, little or no alcohol, SLEEP as much as possible because I don’t think about smoking when I’m sleeping. Started crocheting my nephew a baby blanket. 


I’m really trying. 
And this is really hard. 
I’m going to choose to be there for myself, and love myself through this. 