2.5 years without a cigarette [My struggle + Advice]

Hello. As you probably read in the title, I haven't had a cigarette in two and a half years. It probably sounds like a daunting amount of time to you right now (shit, 2.5 hours probably sounds like hell) but at this point, I can hardly tell that the time has passed by. It feels like just yesterday that I quit, and man is that fucking fantastic. 

I have never posted here, but you guys helped me through some of my worst moments when I was trying to quit. For that, I thank the community here :)

I started smoking when I was 14. By the time I was 18, I was smoking about a pack/day. 

I started trying to quit in sophomore year of university. I slowly worked my way down to 10 cigs/day, then 5/day, then 3/day, then 1/day. That gradual decrease was not easy. There were many upward spikes in between (I would often cycle between 10/day and 20/day) It took a year to go down that far, and it was fuckin' hell, i'll tell ya that. But it's worth it. 

I finally quit at the end of sophomore year <b> during finals week </b>. Yes, the most stressful time of year. I was cramming for a Chemistry test, a Calculus test, and a Physics test --- all classes that I despised at the time, and was super stressed about. Furthermore, I was living in a house with my best friends, all of whom smoked cigarettes (good ones too...)

But what I learned was, that putting all of my focus on those classes distracted me long enough to get through the first two weeks. 

After my tests were done, I was pretty inclined to smoke. But it was a lot easier to push through the urges once I had a couple weeks under my belt. The nicotine was out of my system, and all I had to fight off were the urges. 

Other things that helped: Exercise, healthier eating, and reducing my other unhealthy habits (porn, alcohol, excess coffee). 

Above all else, quitting smoking is about reconfiguring the way you think. Change your little habits, and the big ones will follow. For example, start by quitting only certain cigarettes throughout the day (such as: the wake-up cigarette, the drive to work smoke, the after lunch cig, the after work smoke, the after dinner smoke). Slowly quit one of these at a time, until they all start to disappear. 

Above all else, start training your mind to not need them. Every time an urge comes up, distract your mind with something productive. I urge everyone here to read the book Flow by Mihaly Csikszentmihalyi. Guaranteed to change the way to view the world, and the way you view yourself in it. 

