Realized what's different this time than every other time I've "quit".

I've smoked since November 13th, 1993.  I was 16 at the time.  I've tried to quit at least once a year for 7 years.  But the first year I hated how Zyban made me feel.  The second year I forgot the lesson of the first.  The third year was mostly just a nice thought (considered getting the quit smoking shot but never did).  The fourth year I used the patch and got all the way from January to April before I picked it back up from my sister-in-law.  The fifth, same thing but made it to June when buying my first house became stressful and I didn't know where else to turn.  The sixth, same thing, all the way to July when I had a super important visit from my Regional Vice President.  Last year I took a year off from "trying".  So here I am in year seven.

I quit in cliche style by giving up on New Years Day.  Slapped a nicotine patch on my arm, opened a bag of twizzlers and said to myself "This is the year.  I'm tired of this and want more play money for video games!"  And then came last night and my noticing of the difference.

My wife has decided to quit smoking in her own way which includes having a pack of smokes at the office.  Fine, whatever works.  But she brought said pack home last night.  After she went to bed, my first thought was 'Hey, I can go grab one and she'll never know.'  Every other year I've tried to quit, getting a smoke in hasn't been about failing, it's been about sneaking one and hoping no one else notices.  But last night as the thought popped into my head, I realized that the only person I'm sneaking around on is myself.  

And then something came back to me from this sub.  Someone posted a picture of Yoda a couple of weeks ago with the quote "No.  Try not.  Do.  Or do not.  There is not try."  Far be it for me to question the wisdom of Yoda.  So I didn't.  This time, I'm not trying to see if I can sneak a cigarette and pull the wool over the world's eyes.  This time I'm not trying to quit.  I'm quitting.  There is no try.

Thanks to whoever posted that image.  It's burned into my head now.  Even as my co-worker comes into my office to see if I want to go outside with her.