One year quit thanks to psychedelic mushrooms

I used psychedelic mushrooms to quit smoking. It was an incredible experience and worked well, I recently passed the one year mark. 
[Original post](https://www.reddit.com/r/stopsmoking/comments/2oaxuc/i_used_psychedelic_mushrooms_to_quit_xpost/)
After one year, it is still very difficult to explain how it worked. 
You're brain works differently when you're addicted. You literally cannot think certain thoughts about a substance while you are addicted. You do a lot of rationalizing. My experience on mushrooms helped me get rid of the thoughts and triggers surrounding my addiction. There's definitely a physical component to being addicted to tobacco, but it might be 90% mental. 
It was as though I died, was reborn with the same brain, but could reprogram all my behavior concerning tobacco. 
I just had to adjust to not doing this thing I had done 100,000 times before.
Something like that at least. 
In the past year I've also had a lot of time to stew on the baggage surrounding tobacco. These mother fuckers who have spent millions of dollars, made from dying addicts, to market addictive poison to people their entire lives, succeed in getting these poor people addicted to this drug that you can buy literally ANYWHERE, then you this new batch of money from this new generation of smokers to lobby politicians to criminalize these really cool psychedelic drugs that can potentially lead people away from this deadly addictive poison. I just realized how much I do not want to be paying for this.
Unfortunately I had the same realization about alcohol so I've given up drinking as well. Just a bunch of rich people killing people for money.
Anyway, it feels so good to not smoke, you have to give it up! Good luck everybody who is starting out. If you are having difficulty, I would most definitely recommend using mushrooms as an aid. Maybe have a sober monitor if you are unfamiliar with tripping, it was kind of a crazy experience.

edit: I don't know formatting so this looks like a crazy person rant. Sorry.