I used psychedelic mushrooms to quit. (x-post r/psychonaut)

I've been smoking for 7 years. I rolled my own cigarettes with no filters and smoked approximately a pack a day. Before my mushroom experience, I had tried quitting 3 or 4 times but I was very unsuccessful. Usually, I wouldn't make it past 8 hours before I was picking butts out of ash trays. I couldn't even cut back. But I really wanted to quit.

After reading about the Johns Hopkins research on using psychedelic mushrooms as a quit-smoking aid, I decided I would give it a try. I have eaten mushrooms dozens of times, but usually smoking rules when I'm tripping. I didn't really do any research on the methods, I kind of figured mushroom brain would tell me what to do.

I got to bed early, woke up at 5 a.m. and made a batch of tea with 5 grams of dried mushrooms. I really wanted to be tripping when I smoked my first cig of the day, I thought that could be important. I had prepared everything the night before so all I had to do was boil water. I had my tea and started to drink it pretty quickly. I bailed on waiting to be tripping when I had my first smoke and went outside. I was done with my first batch and was starting to drink the second wash. About halfway through my cigarette I began to feel nauseous enough that I couldn't finish my cigarette. I usually get a little nauseous right before I start tripping and I figured this was worse since I took so much more than I usually do.

I'm lucky and live on a big piece of property with open fields and plenty of privacy. I took some blankets and went out and laid in a field. I thought I'd rest my belly ache off and watch the sun rise. Then I barfed a bunch. I guess I started tripping right when that happened because for some reason I knew that it was important that I barf. I couldn't finish my second wash of tea though, I was feeling real bad. I remember knocking it over intentionally so that I would definitely not drink it.

I decided to go inside and lay on the couch and forget about seeing the sun come up. I bundled up and laid with my dog in the silent dark. The nausea had gone away at this point but had been replaced by pretty intense anxiety and fear. At the same time though, I was feeling blissful knowing that it would end. It was like intense waves of fear followed by ecstasy for maybe 2 hours. I was not thinking about smoking at this point at all, but it was like I was experiencing all the anguish that the next few weeks of quitting cigarettes would give me all at once. I was having intense visuals that were these dark colored symmetric pointed things moving in a mechanical rhythm. It was like I was in a Ramstein music video. Every sound that my body made was amplified and echoed. I felt like I was having a bad conversation with another being but with no words at all.

Then I began to feel this warmth start in my chest. It started as a small warm spot then spread and began to heat up until my whole chest felt like it was in the oven. I remember putting my hands on my chest because it felt like a fever or something, like warmth that I should be able to feel but there was nothing unusual. Then I felt fucking awesome. The sun had just come up and it getting brighter inside. I laid on my sleeping dog for a little bit and pet her, it was really great.

I got up and made coffee and went back outside. Everything was bathed in this warm light and there was fog and dew on everything, it looked like the hobbit village. I got this profound feeling that everything we do is significant. Every time I jam with my friends we are making our personal histories, every meal I eat defines me, every time I get high its important. Every cig I smoke could be the one that ultimately kills me, so every cig I don't smoke is more important. I don't know, it's hard to explain, but I knew that I was done smoking cigarettes. My roommate got up and we went for a walk then played some music.

I tripped again a week later with a smaller dose to drive the thought home but I ended up just reading and exploring some of the spiritual elements I felt the week before.

That was six weeks ago. I haven't had a cigarette except on thanksgiving. Got pretty drunk and bummed one off one of my brothers. It made me barf right away. I think I'm done now. I will say that even if ultimately I relapse I feel like a switch has been turned in my brain. This is by far the most successful attempt at quitting that I've had and one of the more important moments of my life.
