Day 50 thoughts

I am very happy and so far things have not been particularly hard. If you are well prepared to quit, the process can be pretty painless. If you are in pain, by all means read Allen Carr's book. It puts you in the right frame of mind.

So far, for me, two situations have been particularly hard to handle.

The first was one night while I was at a friend's house. More specifically in his backyard. We were having a very pleasant chat just the two of us and he had a pack full of cigarettes. We were drinking wine. He knew I had recently quit smoking and he asked me whether it bothered me if he smoked. I said no.

I realized that all the usual deterrents were not there. I didn't have to go and buy cigarettes to smoke, nor I had to be embarrassed in asking for one. My friend would have of course offered me one. I didn't have to ask to go outdoors. We were already outdoors because it was a lovely night and my friend had a beautiful yard with super nice furniture he had just bought and wanted to show me. In other words the aesthetic, economic, and social barriers were not there. 

I realized that if it wasn't for the fact that I had told my friend a few days earlier that I had quit, I would have lapsed. This is one more reason to let people know you quit. It can be a great resource to bloc this sort of lapse.

The second situation was watching a movie with very attractive smokers. It seems weird to admit...but the aesthetics of smoking is so powerful. 

Once again I didn't lapse. My strategy was to think about awful smokers I know. It seems a little cruel, but it actually works. If you feel like the aesthetic side of the issue is strong for you, definitely go ahead and form an image (mental or physical if you can) and bring it to your attention every time you are seduced by a charming depiction of smoking. It worked for me and it has the extra benefit of being a completely harmless revenge against someone who hurt me. I enjoy the thought that a big part of my success in quitting smoking has to do with thinking of how pathetic they look while doing it :D