How do I help him?

My husband of 11 years (also a redditor so if you see this, hi babe!) and I quit smoking. For me, this wasn't and hasn't ever been as difficult. I have many vices, but I never got the nicotine addiction the way others have. I was always a social smoker, and probably continued to do it through our marriage because he did and it was just... I dunno. Not saying it's his fault by any means, I did enjoy it. But I digress.

SO is a full-blown nicotine addict. It makes him physically ill to go without and he's not the most pleasant person to be around when a craving hits. He's tried Chantix - that made him so angry it was frightening to me, the patch - made him sick I think, and e-ciggs which did work for a bit...

So, as I said, recently we quit. Now, we've both done this time and time again (through both my pregnancies) and usually he caves, then I'm like, "eff it." But this time, I quit for real. I am using the e-cigs when I get the urge (not a craving). It was his idea and totally out of the blue but I just thought, sure. Our oldest is 5 and sooner or later she's going to start figuring out what the smell is, etc. (We don't do it around the kids, in the house, or cars). 

Anyway, SO was doing wonderfully. I think he probably bummed a few here and there, but hadn't bought any in I think about 3 weeks. I made sure to just kinda encourage him, tell him I'm proud, etc - hopefully not in a demeaning way. The guy is a fucking machine - he goes to school full time (4 courses), works full time, and is still a great dad and hubby. But of course he's stressed, which I totally get.  

I guess it got too much for him a few weeks ago and now he's smoking pretty regularly again. I don't know what he does when he's not home, and he obv doesn't do it right in front of me but he sneaks out to get the mail or goes to the store. I know what he's doing, he doesn't lie or try to hide it, which I appreciate. He knows I'm disappointed but I refuse to get angry or mad at him over this. We've gone through some shit, and smoking just isn't worth getting mad about. 

He acknowledges that he will have to quit. In his mind, he says he justifies it (which I totally relate to with eating/exercise) by saying he's stressed now, etc. But there will always be stress, always. So my question for you former smokers or those currently struggling with quitting is - How do I help him? What did your SO's or friends do/not do to make things easier or harder? 

Thanks for reading!