I'm done

As I write this, I just got done smoking 4 of them back to back, and I'm fucking done.

I'm 15, and the first cig I ever smoked was when I was 14 years old. I knew it was bad, but fuck it, right? I was with a friend of mine, and it was like 2 AM. We were hungry and had no cash, so we went into his fathers room looking for some money to order food. He found a pack of cigs and a lighter, I think it was Davidoff. We each lit up one. I hated the taste and the feeling. Absolutely despised it. I threw it away when it was only halfway done. My grandfather had cancer because of smoking and he was cured, but he still smoked for a bit after that. He quit. My father had cancer and he had never touched a cigarette in his life. He tried everything to do everything right. I don't know why I did it after seeing all this shit happen. 



Anyway, fast forward to a few months after this, I was with a friend and we were doing weed, and I saw him roll up tobacco with it. I was like meh, but this also slowly contributed to my addiction. When I turned 15, I smoked a cig one day because I was fucking angry and needed to relax. This started happening more often. It was a once-a-month kinda thing for like 2-3 months but then it became once in 2 weeks, and then once in a week. I didn't do it for the heck of it, no. I did it when I felt stressed. Like stressed as fuck. 

I found myself smoking 3 a day in no time, and this went on for months . One after school, one before dinner and one before sleeping. It was fucked. I opened up to a friend and my sister about this and both of them just got mad. That was 2 days into trying to quit for the first time. They started shouting at me and yadda yadda, so I had one more. 



I just smoked hopefully the last cigarette ever, and it left the worst taste in my mouth and made my throat feel like shit. My lungs cannot take in as much air as it used to. I'm totally done. I'm gonna flush my remaining cigs down the toilet and throw my lighter away. I'm not gonna give into any craving. I don't give a fuck if I'll punch a wall (Has happened when I tried to quit earlier), but I'm not giving in. I'm just 15, and I can't let this shit get to me man. I stink, I can't play basketball as well as I used to and I'm tired of hiding shit from my parents. Almost a year of this shit has me tired.



I'm done, Reddit.... I'm done. 