40 days in. I feel like I’m going to relapse in a couple of hours.

So I made it! I tried litteraly dozens of times before that, and I remember how much it was affecting my life.

(Excuse my english, I'm not native)

However, with the perspective, it wasn’t that hard. I slept for most of the first week (I was so tired), and after that I was fine.

At a friend’s birthday (2 weeks after the day I quit), I was so drunk I totally lost control and smoked 2 of them. The day after, I was really tempted, and gave in (bought a pack), because I don’t have many enjoyable moments like this one, and didn’t want to be bothered by smoking thoughts.

I was really committed to quit again after that week-end, and I made it. I didn’t smoke for 2 weeks after that, including one mild-drunk evening.
I realise I shouldn’t have smoked in the first place, and that it makes me a lot more likely to smoke again, and makes things worse.

So last week-end I was really drunk again, and I smoked. I really lose control when I’m drunk. It sucks.

Didn’t smoke the day after, and during this week. But now I feel really tempted.

I’m in the train going in a city where I used to study, I’ll sleep in a hotel, and tomorrow I’ll attend a conference to help me find my dream jobs.
Plus I’m a bit tired, and I took some caffeine (I take it as a powder since I quit coffee when I quit smoking).

So yeah, I’m quite emotional, excited, reckless, and I'm sort of waiting to go out the train, to buy a pack of smokes and go in a bar to get some beers…

On the other hand I know that this one cigarette could kill me in a couple of years. It could cost me tens of thousands of dollars, and take my freedom. It will also ruin the 500$ teeth whitening I did to celebrate.

I’d love to smoke just today and tomorrow, and then quit again, but I know this is not how it works.

I’m wondering why I post this, I was thinking that maybe writing it down would help, or that you’d have something to say that would change my mind, but it really feels like I won’t resist. Or even if I do, it will come back again, and again…
Like it will make any enjoyable moment somehow frustrating…

Any thoughts? 
