Nicotine Background~Withdrawal Symptoms and Road to Quitting For Good (Full Experience)

Hello quitters. Just wanted to explain my Nicotine story, etc... I really want to post my withdrawal symptoms because there's little personal experience information on the web. But before getting to that, I would like to kinda go into detail. It may be a bit lengthy, so hit the back button if you're not bored/have the time to read.

A little bit of a background, I'm 21 years old. An avid and everyday cyclist. I started smoking very randomly around 16 years old, my sophmore year in high school. Honestly don't know if it were because curiosity or trying to be cool... It just kinda happened. Anyway, i went on to smoke about a pack every 3 days and would always share if someone asked. So clearly, I wasn't the worst smoker on the planet. I quit for the first time around 19 years old because I was just flat out tired of smoking and my chest feeling extremely tight after doing laps or any kind of exercise. Also, I had to hide smoking from my girlfriend... which wasn't fun. So I decided to quit cold turkey.

It was easy. Much easier than i had expected. I felt better, had more energy, etc... I could really tell a significant difference. Yep... felt good and everything for about a month. Annnnnd then, I quit my job from constant misunderstandings with my boss. It had to be done and i decided I would just live off my eBay account and portfolio until I came across a new job. I often found myself stressed because every job I interviewed for just wasn't cutting it for my interests, and I was also finding myself down on the market. I was paying rent and living "less than" comfortably but I unfortunately woke up and told myself to go buy a pack of Marlboro lights. And so I did.

I smoked the whole pack in two days and felt fine. I wasn't really mad at myself because I thought it was just a one time thing. But I was wrong. I found myself smoking more than i had been, previously. I became a "pack a day" smoker. I knew it was getting bad, so I told myself I would quit when I got a new job. And I ended up getting one the very next week after telling myself the deal. Turns out, one of my co-workers was a bad smoker. a really bad one. I mean, he seriously was the epitome of the smokers they warned you about in those educational segments in grade school. But so on, he smoked a lot of "Loosies." Now I don't know if any other city sells loosies, but in NYC, if you go to the right Bodega, you can buy a single newport or marlboro red for a dollar or less. Growing up in Manhattan, they were 75 cents. In BK, they were quite often 50 cents. But to keep the dumb experience moving forward, I began smoking loosies a lot. Started off as just smoking them because I was offered but started buying them myself. I would always have change on me, and when I didn't, I would just buy bodega food and throw ask for loosies to meet the minimum card charge. Newports were my shit, and the old cigarettes I smoked didn't satisfy me any longer. So I soon started buying packs when going to parties, etc... because I didn't just want to be carrying a lot of loosies in my pocket. I was back to where i was before a "more than shitty" attempt to quit, except way worse. But ignorance was kicking my ass and I didn't see the problem. Mainly because there were people i knew who had smoked for decades and decades and seemed to be doing fine.

21 now, and doing terrible with exercise. Got winded fast, literally felt like shit, and became terrible at lying to my girlfriend about not smoking. I also started to feel pains feeling like they were coming from my right lung. I would be on my bike commute, or endurance round and feel like death. No joke at all. So i told myself i would quit. I felt like I had to, or there would be consequences ~ So that brings us to about a week and a half ago...

I threw away my tobacco and started the process of cold turkey. This time was not as easy as the first. 
1) I felt like I needed a cigarette constantly. This was obvious that it would happen, but I underestimated the craving. I kept telling myself "Just one more" and cliche shit like that. But I kept on being strong.
2) Next came the headaches and insomnia. My head was pounding. And I mean pounding. I became nauseous every hour or so, and felt like my head was an industrial zone. I couldn't sleep because of it, and I would again start asking myself if I should/could just smoke ONE cigarette. This happened for a long 3 nights in a row but soon ended after toughening it out. I had read online that the headaches are the most extreme of withdrawals and it would get better after that... well, kinda...
3) I was very moody and cranky. I would argue with my girlfriend over the stupidest shit. And embarrassingly admitting, I was even raging in Smash Bros 3DS. Not sure if that were because of not smoking, but I'll blame it on that, because I had never really gotten so mad at a 3ds game. I was being short with friends as well, and just couldn't really get out of an aggravated mood. But I finally started to feel better.
4) Now this is last step I really want to speak on, and brings us to a few days ago. I woke up in the middle of the night and had a huge pain in my neck. It felt like the right side of my neck was inflamed and clogged up or some shit like that. I went to the the mirror, and my lymph node above my collar bone was swollen. I became frightened and didn't know what was going on. I told myself that if it were still swollen in another day or so, I would see my doctor. I had the hardest time falling back to sleep. I got frustrated at the fact of the pain and was punching my pillow as if that would take it away. I put my bike on the trainer, and just pedaled from 5am - 7am to distract myself from the pain and until I had to get ready for work. I researched a lot trying to find out if swollen lymph nodes were an issue to be worried about. But I just kept seeing very subtle explanations and CANCER, CANCER, CANCER. Obviously, that worried me more and i were eager to see a doctor. but my swelling went down by the end of the day and i felt normal again. But I called my doctor the next day, and he went on to explain that it can happen from quitting smoking. He told me that it's as if it's the lungs getting rid of all the nicotine at one time. Apparently my lymph node was fighting off too much shit at one time and it became swollen as a result. He was surprised that it went down so fast and just told me that if it happens again, we'll look more into it. But that brings us to the present...

I feel fine now, not having any cravings or anymore pains. I feel great, actually. It was just a long week until I could finally feel like this. I save a lot of money and I honestly feel good about myself. No girlfriend guilt, and no chest pains. If I could give any advice to anyone trying to quit cold turkey, I would just tell them to be tough. You can have a hobby for distraction, life coach of some sort, or what the fuck ever.... but you really need motivation. You have to be mentally be prepared and just think of the many benefits to not smoking. For anyone that has recently quit smoking, I would really like to hear some future advice of any sort, or help on fighting off future lapses. Thanks for reading! 