Today is day one!

I've been a smoker for over twenty years. At times I smoked as much as two and a half packs a day.  More recently, I have been around 10 cigs a day.  I made a promise to my wife a couple of months ago that I would quit by labor day (there was some negotiation as to the date), and as the day started looming I began researching methods of quitting including reading posts here. I've tried some things in the past (e-cigs, gum) but I just couldn't replace the actual cigarettes.  But after reading posts in this subreddit for a few days, I decided to look into Allen Carr's method.  

I was very skeptical at first, because I absolutely loathe self-help books, but at this point I was willing to give anything a try.  I settled on the audiobook version because if it turned out to be BS, I was only out five bucks and I have a forty-five minute drive to work.  As I was listening to it I was looking for any sign of quackery.  What made me first start to really listen and be open minded about the book was the simple instruction for me to keep smoking until the end of the book.  I got to the end of the book where he (spoiler alert) goes through the instructions and the last cigarette, and realized that I could very well smoke my last cigarette right then and there. I was driving in my car and have not smoked in the car for many years (one method of cutting back).  I gave it a few days and the words were still ringing in my head.  I decided to give it one more go. I was going to listen to the audiobook one more time and plan to be in a position to smoke the last cigarette when the end came.

Today was that day.  It has now been five hours and I feel okay.  Normally, after a couple of hours I'm ready to smoke.  If I have to go three hours, it is nervewracking.  Any longer than that is pure torture. Tomorrow will be the real test, I know, but for some reason, I don't feel the least bit apprehensive.  I have accepted the fact that I am now a non-smoker.

I have the folks in this subreddit to thank for a) introducing me to Allen Carr's book, and b) showing how supportive everyone here can be.  

Sorry for turning this post into a testimonial for Allen Carr, but I wanted to share my experiences for someone else who may be in the same situation.  I'm not saying that this will work for everyone, but if someone asks me, that is the direction I would send them.

TL;DR - Smoked for a long time, listened to the audiobook of Allen Carr's method and smoked my last cigarette this afternoon.