The Fragrance of Bacon

I had my last cigarette in January. Although there are countless encouragement threads, I wanted to offer one too, in case it moves just one person to drop the sticks.

First, I quit with my partner, and we quit during a bad flu. I know this sounds impractical, but I encourage you, if you are thinking of quitting, to try and taper off, and then, when you get sick and lose the desire to smoke (kind of), use that time to quit. **You're sick already, so the fever, chills, stomach issues, etc., are all rolled into your flu/cold/whatever.** That decision made quitting a lot easier.

I also moved to vaping. I was reluctant to do so because I know it makes me look like an idiot. But the nicotine withdrawal left me an inch from shitting myself too many times in public. It's not perfect, I know, but it's probably better than breathing in 1300 F tar smoke ten times a day.

The shortness of breath and the hacking cough were gone within a month. Being able to climb a flight of stairs without panting is amazing. Lots of aches and pains I thought were unrelated to smoking have also vanished (but, to be fair, they got worse immediately after quitting).

The big thing for me is smell. I had forgotten what it was like to actually smell things, for good or ill. 

Yesterday I opened a fresh bag of roasted coffee and was stunned to feel the smell just assault me. I was amazed by the complexity of it and I actually started sniffing a goddamn bag of coffee in my kitchen like Molly Shannon's pits.

Yesterday a girl passed me wearing a small amount of perfume. I didn't think anything of it until I realized I could smell her perfume as I walked the way she had just come from. Is this creepy? Yes. Yes it is. But my nose! My nose, man!

One final thing on scent: I cannot tell you what it is like to smell cooking bacon again. And I mean really smell it. Those little coffin nails took more from me than I realized. 

tl;dr: I was willing to hazard cancer, but nothing will ever stop me now from smelling bacon **the way it was meant to be smelled.**