Why its time for me to quit

This might be a long post but I thought I'd share my journey and what did and didn't work for me for others who may be in the same boat :)

Like many others I never really realised I was a smoker. It started subtly when I was a teenager. First my friends around me started smoking, the more I was exposed to second hand smoking the more comforting it became. I began to associate it with the smell of my best friends and the happiness being social gave me. Slowly I'd smoke a cig or two when ever I hung around them. At the time I never considered myself to be a smoker, I never bought my own pack and I wasn't dependant on it. 

Once I started going to uni and going out drinking (I live in Australia), smoking gave me the chance to take a break when I was too stressed up, or "sober up" when I was drinking, and also to have an excuse to converse with other smokers. I'd chain smoke while doing an assignment right before the due date and buy a packet before going out to town. I was 3 years into uni before I finally realised that I actually was a smoker one day when I went on a walk with a friend and I couldn't stop panting. 

Thats when I first tried to quit. It was hard especially since I had huge assignments due but when I came home I decided to be serious. I marked on my calendar when my last cigarette was and told myself that if can make it 6 months without smoking, then I can have my next cigarette. This helped a lot because I don't think I was ready to quit "for good" and if I went 6 months without a cigarette I could finally have my one cigarette. In hindsight this was probably a terrible way of convincing myself to stop but it worked! It was hard especially when I was out socially but I went 6 months free and replaced smoking with Bikram hot yoga. The yoga helped with focusing my mind with meditation and the hot temperature helped with sweating all the bad toxins out and detoxing. I also told EVERYONE that I was trying to quit and make it to 6 months and that helped a little. Unfortunately being a poor uni student I could only afford 3 months worth of yoga, but by that time I think I had sweat out all the nicotine in my body and my mind was able to handle stress. Also 3 months in I could go hiking again without huffing so I did that instead! Unfortunately I went out celebrating on my 6th month day and smoked 6 cigarettes. Its true once you have a couple cigs, justifying "one more" is super easy and since then I stopped quitting, and the thought of quitting never really crossed my mind again. Until recently.

So about 13 days ago I was at a party, I ran out of cigs so I went up to an acquaintance and asked him for a durrie. He said he would roll me one if I brought one of my friends to him so he could talk to her, so immediately I turn around and find her on the dance floor and asked her if she could talk to this guy for 5 minutes so I could have a cigarette and she came with me. I brought her over and he handed me a cigarette and I smoked it while watching this conversation play out. The next morning when I woke up my throat was feeling rough and I recollected all my memories from the night before and realised what I did. I forced my friend into an awkward situation just so then I could get a cig! I felt so bad and apologised to her and realised that this needs to stop. I was acting like a full blown addict! I felt so ashamed of myself so 12 days ago I decided that I will stop smoking for good. 

Its been a long 12 days, almost all my friends smoke and I feel left out when I don't - but that feeling is nothing compared to how I felt about myself 2 weeks ago and I keep reminding myself the reason I am quitting. I started up with Bikram yoga again and I don't crave smoking as much anymore but the smell of it still makes me miss it. I also am not giving myself a timeframe to quit like last time. I'm considering this as a forever thing, but I understand that one mess up does not mean I failed. My plan is to write down any cig that I have if I ever have one on my calendar, that way I see evidence of what I've done and try not to have too many. I'm really grateful for this sub reddit and knowing that there are people out there who are willing to help a struggling quitter because honestly I can't really get it from my friends irl. 

I'd love to learn about all the reasons why the rest of you want to quit aswell :)

Love all you people and good luck x

TL;DR - Wasn't smoker, was a smoker, tried to quit, kind of success, started again, used a friend to get a cig, felt bad, now quitting