Why did you start?

I recently quit smoking (7 days) :) because last weekend I found a few different studies around the percent of LGBT who smoke and some put it around 33% and others around 40%, which was alarming to me. I had no idea smoking was so prevalent within the LGBT community. I quickly realized it was time to toughen up because I’ve been through too much to let smoking limit me for the rest of my life. Not when I’ve fought so hard to get where I’m at both career wise and in coming out and living a truthful life. This got me thinking as to why I started smoking and further, why being gay made it so much more likely that I would smoke. Since quitting I remind myself on a daily basis of why I quit, I feel horrible and tired, it costs too much, I smell, etc - but I don’t see many people reflecting on why they started. I think to truly own my quit and to not start again I’d need to figure this out. I figured my thoughts were worth sharing and it might helps others as well.

Back in college the first time I picked up a cigarette it felt gross, but it also felt like I was part of a club and the sense of rebellion from my parents felt wonderful. I rarely identified with those around me and having the chance to automatically have atleast one thing in common with a number of strangers and strike up a conversation felt great. I also had a very strict upbringing and come from a fundamentalist evangelical christian family, so doing something they would so strongly disagree with also felt fantastic - little did I know at this point I would one day come out to them. As time passed I formed the habit and a year after college decided to quit. It didn’t last because I shortly came out there after and lived in a relatively small town with one gay bar, where everyone smoked. At this point I had found my people and could again strike up conversations with strangers over a cigarette, that I was too afraid to talk to otherwise. Fast forward a few years and few things in my life going south (string of bad boyfriends) and I developed this relationship with smoking where I knew it was bad for me and I didn’t really enjoy it but it felt like a punishment and I needed to punish myself. I felt I didn’t deserve to live smoke free. That along with the consistent habit brings us to current day. In doing this I’ve noticed a few themes - isolation, low self esteem and little bit of self harm. I’m working on all of these things and have a wonderful boyfriend who supports me. It’s simplistic for me to say that smoking just felt great, I formed the habit and end of story, there’s always been a strong emotional element to me smoking. Part of fixing this for me is to strive to create a sense of stability and peace - I’ve taken up running and have to check-in with myself from time to time to realize what’s important and how I’m letting my emotions over run me. I will now sometimes encounter things day to day and think to myself wow this is why I smoked then think these are my reasons for not. I also acknowledge that I’m important and deserve to live a full smoke free and active life. I fought to come out and live my life damnit, I'm not going to ruin it now.

…so what about you guys what stories do you have? I’m curious why you started and why you’re quitting.

Also for reference here's one of the articles I found the statistic on LGBT smokers:
http://www.npr.org/blogs/health/2014/07/31/336386346/amid-smoking-decline-look-whos-still-lighting-up