How I have gone 94 days without even thinking

Hey Everyone,

Let me first just state that I am currently having a fairly bad craving, but coming to this subreddit and typing helps me so this may get long winded.

One of the major things that help me quit, was that I wanted to quit.  I spent 12+ year smoking, and after many many tries quitting this time was different.  It was no longer "ahh man I really need to quit", and it turned in to a "I don't like smoking anymore, I want to quit".  I would like to point out that I think this is the single reason why I was able to quit this long and not worry about it too much.

For me, a craving is sort of a nervous feeling or butterflies in my stomach.  One of the major things that go me past cravings in the last 94 days was the ability to tell myself that this craving feeling I get from time to time is not actually me wanting to smoke, but rather it is the feeling I use to get before I would have a smoke.  I know that sounds stupid, and maybe sounds like the same thing, but in my mind they are much different things.  The ability to tell yourself "That is not me wanting to have a smoke, it is the feeling I use to have before I smoked" was HUGE.  It gave me the ability to ignore that feeling because I knew that if I gave my body the time it needed to mentally cleanse the feeling, it would be gone soon.  Instead of having a smoke to make it go away, my body does its own thing to make it go away now.

1416 characters in to my post and my craving is dying down....

So what else motivated me?  Money... time... health?  Take your pick, they are all there and all very real reasons to quit.  I smoked almost a pack a day for a very long time and never thought anything of the price or time I spent smoking, but now that I am quit its a whole new world!  My quitting app is currently showing the following:

    94days
    $710 saved
    1140 not smoked
    5d 22h time saved

Do you know what that means for me?  2/3 of my car payments on my brand new Subaru WRX are paid for!  I am only paying 1/3 of my car payments solely on quitting smoking!  If that isn't incentive enough that I dont know what is.

2119 character and my craving is now gone :).  All I did was spend 5 minutes focusing on the vary thing I am trying to avoid, and I do not have any more cravings.  Strange how it works....