24 Days Without A Cigarette, Soon to Be Done With Vaping

I picked up smoking after my divorce 4 years ago. It was something that felt normal due to my home environment growing up (mom smoked like she was getting paid for it). It started off slow, but as the eventual depression crept in, I relied on it more and more. This led to me averaging about 10 cigarettes a day, sometimes more if I was out. 

Cut to December of last year, and I've met this amazing woman who is now my girlfriend. I let her know that I had recently quit smoking (wasn't entirely true), and she informs me that she is allergic to the smoke. I'm not sure if she's telling the truth or not, but I'm also not going to risk hurting her. She helped me fight the cravings. I started chewing gum. I'd tell her if I had a craving, and we'd talk about what it was about it in that moment that I really wanted. For me, it's the ritual. It's the lighting and watching it burn. In moments of intense stress, it's the calming nature that I know is just the nicotine high sucking me more in.

 I made it 54 days without a cigarette, and then her and I got into our first real fight.  I didn't know what else to do. Ever since then I've been on and off again with it. I tell myself that I'm not going to buy another pack, and then I'll end up at a gas station on lunch buying a pack. I cut myself down to not having any on the weekends, then not having one at all unless I was at work, and finally, on July 4th, I made the decision to switch to vape based on a recommendation from a friend who quit. I bought enough to last me the month, with the expectation that I'd try to stop everything again when I ran out. I hate this thing. It tastes terrible. I purposely got the tobacco flavored one, knowing it doesn't taste like tobacco, because I didn't want to get used to it or enjoy it. 

I have about half a pod left, and can feel the fear of running on empty already creeping in, but I'm going to fight it. I'm posting here to keep myself in check. I joined this subreddit over the weekend for ideas, downloaded the Smoke Free app, and am going to stay strong. As strong as I can. I'm afraid now that I'm out of this, I'll just go back to cigarettes, but I think knowing that fear is half the battle. (apologies for ranting).