200 days!? Really?

Can't believe it's been 200 days. I don't think I would have done this without this sub. Thank you all for your submissions and advice.  
  
Time to try to give something back.  
 After 8 years+ at ten a day and over 10 years total I decided to go cold turkey, so that I wouldn't have anything to blame if I messed up. I really believe any aid used to quit becomes something else to get over later and makes the challenge more difficult in the long run. Especially any nicotine substitutes. I've watched plenty of friends and family pay for the latest, greatest smoking substitute only to end up back on them. Why? Because as users it's the nicotine addiction we need to overcome. Focus on that, and that alone and you don't need to be impressed/confused/worried with how much better another form of nicotine ingestion is compared to smoking.   
The only fight we need to pick is with our addiction.  
  
The addiction is a tough competitor. The start is definitely the toughest part, it gets easier everyday. But what surprised me the most was how sneaky that voice is. At the start you can have spurts of motivation, those "lets do this!" moments. And they're needed. But the real battle is in the quiet times, when that little voice has your ear all to itself. Or when you think you're free- "Hey made it three months, cool... I could have a cigarette now."   
  
Nicotine has been fighting this war for years, against millions. It knows how to win. It knows victory doesn't come through bombastic rhetoric but silent persistence. So I've adopted that. I don't hide from cravings, I welcome them. I accept them. But always with an underlying persistence of my own- smoking isn't an option. I will not smoke a single cigarette.   
To shake a craving or silence that voice is impossible. Instead I chose to take its power away. No matter how I feel, no matter how my treacherous brain may try to convince me, I just won't have a smoke. It's never up for debate. With this I've found a quiet, gentle resolve of my own. It doesn't take will power because nicotine's option is off the table. Simple. And those voices, the traitor in my skull and my tetchy fingers have no response. They just get quieter everyday and now I can barely hear them anymore.    
  

  
I'm not sure if that will help anyone but I've had so much help reading people's stories and advice I thought I might throw another one in the pile.   
  
One more thing: I think badgebot is fantastic it doesn't get mentioned enough. It helps me so much that I can keep track of how long it's been and I've loved watching as I moved further around the pie on the [Badge Distribution](http://badgebot.me/stopsmoking/).   
  
**TL;DR** I don't blame you. That was longer than intended. Good luck!