Started at age 7, quit multiple times, finally can't quit at 22

Hi guys.  I'm not a smoker but a loved one is, with an especially hard time quitting. She started smoking at age 7. It seems like that's the main factor that makes it insanely hard. Is there any specific help needed for those who started in childhood and whose brains have formed around it?

She has quit repeatedly for a year or two at a time. So that sounds great, right? But she repeatedly resumed, as a coping mechanism due to lifestyle stress and whatever other garbage. I'll elaborate on what she's tried.

In those previous times that she's quit, it only took a few weeks each time.  She cut down gradually, and didn't have any acute withdrawal symptoms. She coped by sleeping all day and distracting herself with intense video games. And I mean she had to sleep because she was knockout exhausted in response to quitting, and slept more than 12 hours per day.

This last time has been almost impossible. She can't doesn't feel the need to sleep all day anymore due to work. In the first couple of weeks, she tapered down from half a pack a day to two cigarettes a day, and has been doing that for the last two months.  If she goes any lower, she gets intense withdrawal symptoms of anxiety and nausea and headaches and full-body pain.  It's really really bad, like her body thinks she's dying, totally intolerable.

So she just did that, tapering off down to nothing for a week or two, but holy crap the acute symptoms *never* stopped. She just couldn't live.

Mentally, she is desperate to quit for herself and all her loved ones. She has framed herself as being a nonsmoker who is utterly disgusted by it, and she grieves with each dosage of this bad medicine. When she smokes, she removes herself from everyone else, and goes outside, and then changes her clothes and cleans her mouth, so that she associates it with a mental preparation and work and exile.

Vapes apparently aren't enough. She tried switching to a 8mg vape, and approved of it but after a few weeks, it just didn't fully cut the withdrawal. She tried going to half vape and half cigarette content per day and that didn't cut it. So she quit vaping.

We bought the lowest dose of nicotine gum at a grocery store, which made her immediately vomit. She only tried one piece. The various packages of available nicotine gum all appear to be the same. We haven't tried a patch or anything else. We are somewhat clueless and I guess that's hit-and-miss, and expensive.

So within that aforementioned two-daily cigarette limit, she's tried tweaking it.  She's tried waiting more than an hour upon waking, and other delays. She's tried smoking a half a cigarette at a time. She's tried confining her smoking to just at work and before bedtime.

But she absolutely can't go below two a day without coming apart.

Is there any specific help needed for those who started in childhood and whose brains have formed around it? Can a doctor do something special? I can't even find a single suggestion via google, because everyone's just talking about *preventing* kids from smoking. Well at least she's pretty good at that, now.

Thank you all so very much and good luck.