My first post on Reddit ever. I have stopped Smokeing Today, wish me luck

After about 2 years of lurking i created my first Reddit Account today. I decided to make my first post in this subreddit. 

About my smokeing history:

I am 24 years old.
I was a non smoker until i hit the age of about 18-20. Lots of things started to change in my life back then.I Just finished school, Parents divorced, and a very big stroke of fate happened in which my brother nearly died (he got into a fight and got stabbed very badly, where the assaulter also hit his heart. But luckily he survived and recoverd nearly 100% and got no braindamage or something). Around that time my mother started smokeing again (she had stopped smokeing before the birth of me and my siblings). 



So with the cigarettes laying in the house all the time i started smokeing too. It increased to nearly a package (Malboro gold) over the last two years. for about half a year now i started to stop smokeing but havent really made it for a long time yet. I often throw away nearly full packages after which i find myself buying a new one 6 hours later. My record for now is about one week of being smoke free but after that i started again. So today i decided to become a real non-smoker and to not smoke any cigarette no matter what.
Wish me luck.

So now a couple of questions i hope you guys could answer for me. 

1. My mother is still smokeing and she gets very aggressive/definsive when i tell her to stop or atleast to not do it in the house. When i get her to throw her cigarettes away or when after long talks she promises me to not do it in the house atleast, i ofter find her smokeing after a couple of days in the house anyways etc. How can i deal with that (moving out is currently no real option since i am financially dependent on her).

2. How can i politely deal with smokeing friends who offer you cigarettes etc and who smoke indoors when non-smokers are present?

3. Are there any tips on how to deal with withdrawal and what to do when i catch my self smokeing again?

4. Since i have smoked very heavily for about 4-5 years im sure my body took a lot of damage. Are there any "bodily signs" which i should keep an eye on, that could be dangerous (smokeing related diseases). Also since i have a higher risk for cancer now, is there any sort of "checkup" which my physician could do on me?

I appreciate all the advice you guys could give a new non-smoker, related to my questions or not. So thanks in advance for every comment or advice i get from you.
Cheers

tl;dr:
Stopped smokeing, need every advice on:                              
How to keep it that way 
How to deal with smokers 
Smokeing related diseases and how to treat them (escpecially the deadly ones ;)  ) 

[edit: paragraphs and grammar] (also why can't i make any paragraphs after the colon of tl;dr? worked fine on the paragraphes before. Why does it not work now?

