I need some advice - I have quit smoking before but now it's different...

It's kind of a long story but I would like to hear anyone's advice on quitting the habit FOR GOOD.

I started smoking when I was 11 (yes, I was an angsty pre-teen and teen). It was non-daily until 15? Then it was daily. From 20 years old forward I was up to 2 packs a day (it was cheap).

When I was 27, I started vaping. I wanted to quit smoking. My apartment was an awful place to be due to the residues of so much smoking for a decade.

Now, I must explain that I have high levels of anxiety (and other issues) that cause me to *need* to have something to.. replace. If I'm not smoking I am biting my nails, chewing gum, lollipops, whatever.

My Mom bought me a vape mod and all the liquids and I managed to stop in 2 weeks. I didn't even feel the need to smoke anymore. Food tasted great and best of all was the smell of everything.

Then I had some issues - lost my Mom, my Grandma and some other stuff. 
So after some good months of not smoking (thanks to vaping), I got back to it. I gotta say it saved me for a while...

I hadn't been keen on trying again until I had a pulmonary embolism late 2017. I was lucky to survive. To this day I remember "shutting down". "You MUST stop smoking" is the big thing right now for me to survive...
After hospital I was afraid of the idea of smoking ever again... but I was so anxious (due to what happened) that I (cleverly) started again with those extra-slim....

I am good now but it's because I'm on blood medicine. My head keeps going for "You'll quit when this regimen stops and you have nothing to unclog the blood"...

But after so many losses and almost dying myself, I am a huge pile of anxiety. I won't deny it. I'm going through hardcore therapy and many other things but smoking is the only thing that makes my brain "take a break". 

I must stop smoking. Or I will die. But I don't have any other coping ... anything to replace the flavour, the smell, the "ritual". It's not about nicotine. I've tried nicotine gums and even patches - they're too harsh and I end up smoking on top of it and feeling sick.

I would love to know how some of you "extra anxious" people with a psychological tendency to smoke (not really the nicotine, it's the "window break") managed to kick the habit. All the "ritual" (and I don't want to trigger anyone but lighting a cigarette, having a drink... man!!).

I will kill myself and I'm 30. 

I write this hoping for some good advice but for all of those who think "It'll catch up to my body later in life".
No! I was 29 when my lungs stopped functioning and my heart lost the capacity to spread oxygen. I was in the ICU with all the machines and beeps and awful things. I am not fat/sedentary/unhealthy person - it WILL catch up and it can BE SOONER than you think.

I still have all my vaping stuff but it's REALLY hard to get nicotine these days and the only way to stop my brain from going crazy is to light up and smoke... It is my comfort. It is my ritual, it is my friend. 

ANY advice is welcomed. How shall I replace this ritual? 

Although I should not be smoking I'm thinking "I don't care. I am too scared of everything in the world except smoking" which is ridiculous because I almost died because of it. 

Thank you so so much in advance! 

