October 24th, 2016

**This is way longer than I thought it would be, but man did it help to type it all out. I don't expect many people to read it, but here it is.

October 24th, 2016, I quit smoking. I had been one of those that had quit off and on but this time I was determined to make it happen. I quit cold turkey and put all the willpower I had behind it.

April 4th, 2017, my wife and I moved to our dream town and my life became perfect. I had an awesome job, beautiful wife, and lived in the most perfect place ever. By this time I was starting to feel so much healthier, and I could hike without catching my breath every 2 minutes.

A few months later and I'm in the best shape of my life. I'm mountain biking, hiking, backpacking, and doing outdoor activities in general constantly. I can feel the difference in lung capacity. Exercise isn't strenuous any more. I feel that everything is now complete and my life from here will be one big continuous adventure.

August, 2017 my wife and I hit 5 years being married. I'm happier than I've ever been, I'm healthier physically and mentally than I've ever been. My anxiety is under control and life is perfect.

October, 2017 I can't figure out why things feel off with my wife. We're adventuring constantly but she never seems happy. Nothing I do seems to make her happy.

November 7, 2017 I find out about the affair with her "best friend", who she told me time and time again was nothing more than a friend. I knew things were weird when she was talking to him more and more, and spending time with me less and less.

November 11, 2017 we separate. I pack up all of my belongings and drive 5 hours away to my parent's house. I buy a pack of cigarettes and smoke the entire thing on the drive. I figure it's just to help with the stress of the situation, it's just for now, I'm not starting again. But I know I'm lying to myself.

By mid November, the divorce papers are filed. She "doesn't think she loves me any more". I suppose I'm not new and exciting like him. I've lost my job. I've lost my beautiful wife. I'm back in my hometown I've been trying to escape. I've got nothing. I've lost everything. I'm smoking a pack a day.

January 15, 2018 I lose all hope of life getting better. I'm tired and I just want it to be done with. I try to kill myself. I remember blacking out while hanging and then suddenly I'm pulling the noose off of my neck. I have no idea how I'm still here.

And that brings us to the present. I've decided that I'm tired of her ruining what little I have left. I've started to see a therapist and I'm hopeful it's going to help. 10 days ago, I quit smoking, cold turkey. Sometimes the cravings and the emotions get bad, usually at the same time (like now). But I'm determined. I'm reminding myself of how I felt when I quit. Of how much better each day was. How much more I enjoyed the things that I loved. And I'm getting through it.

I'm sorry for how long this got. I'm trying to hold it all together while typing this and for the first time, I feel like I've made some progress. Typing it all out has really helped.

Life sucks. But I'm gonna do my best to make of it what I can.