A cautionary tale. Fuck you, cigarettes

Several years ago at my last job, I sat a few desks down from a really cool guy named Marc who was one of the funniest, friendliest people in the office.  He was always joking around and brightening people's day, and he was one of the hardest workers in our department.  Above his desk he had a dry erase board that said "Days smoke-free: _____," and when I started with the company he was already over 1,200.  I was still smoking at the time, but I thought that was an amazing accomplishment and I was really happy for him.  He'd made it, I thought.  

As the months went by, the company started downsizing a bit and more and more work was dumped onto our team.  We were regularly working 10-12 hour days, and the stress level was higher than anything I'd experienced before.  At this point, Marc was essentially doing the work of two people, and I could see it slowly start taking its toll on him.  He joked less, became more irritable, and generally just came in, put his nose to the grindstone for 10 hours, and then left quietly.  At this point, his days smoke-free count had reached 1,500.  

Then, one day I came in and his board said "Days smoke-free: 0."  I was heartbroken.  I thought Marc had beaten cigarettes and I could look up to him as a success story when I was ready to quit, but instead he became a cautionary tale.  I left the company about 6 months later, but he was still smoking on my last day.  

Even when you think you have cigarette addiction beaten, it can still rear its ugly head when you have a moment of weakness.  Now that I've quit, I look to Marc and know that even years down the line, I have to stay strong and not let cigarettes get the best of me again.  Even when life throws bullshit at us, as it frequently does, we can't turn back to smoking.  I refuse to let my dedication to quitting go down the drain, no matter what.  

**TL;DR:** Old co-worker was over 1,500 days smoke-free, but in a moment of weakness and high stress cigarettes got the better of him.  Stay dedicated, guys.