Vent: For me the hard part wasn't the quitting, it's what came after. Grumble.

I just need a minute to vent, and I feel like this sub is a good place to do it.

I quit for good some months ago, and it wasn't as hard as others have experienced. I smoked for most of the last 15 years, perhaps averaging a pack or two a week (though I smoked a lot more in college and grad school). I'd been stringing it along for a while, so when I finally decided enough was enough, it wasn't too hard to just leave those last few daily cigarettes behind. I felt good, didn't have any real breathing issues, was able to run around with the kids and do other reasonably-active physical things.

Then, late July, we all got sick right before vacation. After a few days everyone had gotten better - except me. I was feeling worse, developed a fever, etc. So we cut our trip short so I could go see my doctor. Diagnosis? Pneumonia. Never had it before, didn't know anything about it, but holy jeez not fun. Among other things, lots of coughing and wheezing, and crazy fatigue.

Recovery was slow, but after some weeks of meds and x-rays and blah blah, I was starting to approach "normal" when bam: sick with a family daycare virus, again. More wheezing and coughing, more doctor's visits, more meds. Here I am a few weeks later, on the recovery track again and actually feeling mostly okay, but the cough and noisy wheezing is still hanging around. So I'm not done with the doc just yet.

This has just been really frustrating: I quit smoking, ready for a healthier life, and yet here I am into my third month of being sick. And I know it's partly my own fault to boot, for making my lungs more vulnerable. Ugh.

I *will* say, however, that at no point have I even considered going back to the smokes. So I got that going for me.

Has anybody else had to deal with health issues like this as an ex-smoker? It would be good to hear others' experiences on the recovery tip. Just for my own spirits.

(and no, I'm not looking for medical advice, and am not worried this is something more serious than it is - I've got good docs and have had tests coming out my eyeballs)