513 days, wasted. Now I hope for 2 weeks by Christmas Eve.

By 3rd November I had had cravings as strong as day #1 that had lasted weeks, they defeated me. Even after 513 days. I'd been through so much that spring/summer that I no longer had any willpower or discipline to fight it. (I posted here whenever I got through these times without smoking). 

Afterwards came acceptance, I knew I would be a regular user again, hand-rolled amber leaf with a menthol tip, I was so defeated I couldn't even be angry at myself, only this strange, conscious resignation to it. For weeks it has been a crutch during the honeymoon period, my friends were amazed I'd faltered at this stage, some said 'don't be hard on yourself, you've been through hell this year'. I'd let life's new responsibilities and stresses become the excuse for that sweet first smoke in the winter morning, that old friend calming my mind on the lunchbreak at work...

It's only been just over a month of ~5 a day, but now the goggles are off and I'm led in bed wheezing, clearing my throat all day, out of breath walking up stairs already, my sinuses destroyed, taste buds drastically reduced, an hour a day wasted rolling and smoking, sneaking a cancer stick in the rain and wind away from my brother, it soon reminds you of how physically destroying and pathetic this habit truly is.

But despite all this I know I can build on what was achieved before, I know I yearn to be smoke-free again more than smoke-chained. By Christmas Eve I hope to have two weeks, and a few days after I'll be walking with my dogs in the Welsh hills, I want to feel the crisp, clean air wash my recovering lungs.

I've been too embarassed to face this subreddit, scrolling past it in my favourites in shame. I'll do the reset and get back on the horse with you all again, but I had to share my story first. Stay vigilant even when your counter passes milestones you never thought you'd reach, and with that in mind and with my mind on the weeks ahead, let me join you all oncemore, if I may, in not smoking today.
