weird brain sensations caused by +4 month cessation

So I am 8 month without cigarettes now but what is concerning me most is this sensation I have in my scalp/brain area. I have always heavy chain smoked without real exceptions since puberty, so half my body is literally grown into the effects of this drug. A few weeks into withdrawal I could notice changes in my brain, like more blood was flowing into it, it felt really strange, because there aren't exactly sensory neurons for this stuff in the brain. But somehow through pressure changes, temperature changes or whatever it really is, I do notice this crudely. Especially when thinking, the pressure in my head jumps up and it feels very weird. But also from heavy exercise. It was only the 4th month without cigarettes that I was getting very light headaches, related to blood pressure and related to not exercising enough on the same day. So to speak I became more prone to mild headaches with those physiological changes that occured at the time. It first got a bit worse then less dramatic since that time, but it doesn't want to go away past a certain lower threshold and there still seems to be stuff going on, changing over time getting bigger. 4 month ago I clearly remember that it felt so extremely weird and alarming in my head, as if not one spot but every end of a vessel was about to possibly pop, that I had to drive much slower with the bicycle to reduce my BP for quite a few weeks. When I still smoked I drove full speed all the time, 30-35km/h, because I only travel small distances like 1-4km. This made me really fit and healthy, because it is good exercise. And I never ever had headaches or issues like this. But now I really am afraid to push myself as much that I notice headaches to start, or even just hints of this sensation, and my bodily feeling is in great disagreement. I also sometimes work as a furniture mover, where I do not have this problem, because it is a different kind of physical engagement. Sometimes it is very very momentary (lilfting something heavy) and mostly it is a very constant excercise, like moderate jogging. Neither of the two types do cause this brain-sensation problem. Only running fast, bicycling fast, concentrating much and for long.

I do not know if this actually happened, but if I had to tell you why only after 4 month this issue got considerably worse and not better with the withdrawal disappearing, then I would most of all explanations believe that the increased vasodilation did naturally increase blood vessel genesis, and my body was so used to cancelling the effects of nicotine, that I grew more and finer blood vessels in my brain too much and too fast and it overshort the design goal, so to speak. I feel I did physiologically balance in the wrong direction with this. E.g. I now have a resting heart rate of 45 and BP of 135/55 (=normal for an athlete, but I am only very fit and healthy, not super-athlethic and really that 'worthy' of those values). When I was still smoking I had more a resting heart rate of 70 and BP of 125/70 (which is pretty normal if you have the average cardiovascular system). 

Anyway, I have fears about aneurism and stroke. Also I am autistic and I experience cognitive and functional impairments in everyday life than can easily be mistaken for symptoms of blood vessel related failures in the head (such as sudden tiredness, excessive sleep, sudden changes in cognitive ability). These sensations in my head/scalp, they are at times really really noticable and clear and they alway correlate with being mentally alert due to blood flow to the head, thus also with cognitive performance. I already damaged my spinal cord because I was experiencing unknown sensations that I could not interpret correctly and then ignored. Now this could be the exact same. 

Also I have sort of voluntary control over how much pressure I let into my head. Everyone knows that if you inhale, hold your breath and push your core muscles you will increase BP. But now when I do it, my body feels more spongy, like pushing a partially inflated balloon and not a fully inflated one. When you do exercise it happens automatically that your brain will be cut off from the blood supply to protect it from damage through the massive pressure that is needed for the muscles to work. Now I have observed that the pressure needed in the brain is too low and my body regulates it upwards in the head if I need to concentrate. Because I can control my attempts at mental activity, I can now also control this mechanism directly, and do so automatically if needed to optimize my ability to concentrate. But maybe this immediate control is not so good when I accidentally use it in the wrong situation, but fail to notice? So to speak I lift really heavy weights and force myself to concentrate really hard at the same time, then wouldn't that be dangerous? It just feels like before there was this protective threshold, like an absolute limit, that never could be crossed. But now I can't see the end of it.

Please do not tell me "see a doctor" because that is just repeating common sense. Please tell me if you experienced something similar, and what happened afterwards. I have heard about people getting a stroke from quitting. It only makes sense, because nicotine directly influences the cardiovascular system and any changes can lead to malfunction. I think I am just overthinking and overobserving this sensation. But regardless in face of the possible consequences it makes sense.