A rambling, ranting tale of addiction and stupidity

On 22 November 2012 I quit smoking, planning that my first year anniversary of freedom would coincide with the 50th anniversary of the JFK assassination.  It worked.  This lasted a little over two years.  I avoided my smoker friends at first, wanting to avoid secondhand.  As a history nerd, his helped motivate me immensely.  After a few months I got bold enough to hang around secondhand smoke.  I started small and worked my way up.

Flash forward to Nov. 2014.  I was having a lot of stress--personal, school, anxiety about finding a job after graduating, etc.  One day, I was at a friend's house.  This friend was (and still is) a smoker.  His mother and sister were there, giving him hell about smoking and pointing to me as a good example.  As part of my naturally rebellious instinct (and utterly hating it when people chastise others for their health decisions) I asked him to bum one and joined him.  Mainly it was just to shut the rest of them up.  Didn't think anything of it.

A few weeks later, I was out at a bar with a friend.  I bummed a few.  You get the picture.  Before much longer, I woke up one morning with a pack in my pocket from the night before.  Soon I was back at a pack a day.  Got a job after college, and wound up moving to a town in BFE.  Local grocery/convenience store cartel gouges my brand to $8.00 a pack or so (usually around $6 a pack in my state).  But I paid it.  A former city dweller who took his anonymity for granted, a little bit inside me died every time I walked into the grocery store and saw the same cashier fumble for the keys to the tobacco cabinet when she saw me come in.

This lasted until today.  Smoked my last one last night.  Fuck this shit, I'm done.  I don't know why, but for some reason yesterday I decided I'd had enough and bought patches.  Out of curiousity, I looked up anything noteworthy that happened in history today.  Turns out on March 9, 1997, the Notorious B.I.G. was murdered.  If I make it one year, it will line up with the 20th anniversary of his slaying.  Didn't know until I looked it up.  I take this as a sign from the Universe that today was the right day.  It's wholly in my hands now.  This is the motivating factor I need--it helped last time, so let's see if it helps again.  /r/stopsmoking, thanks for listening if you've gotten this far.

TL;DR: I'm a dumbass who quit for two years, started again and continued for about 15 months, and just got back on the wagon.  Wish me luck.