Update on my plan to quit smoking.

I started at early November and I'm happy to say today marks my first week smoke free!

Before I say anything, something I want everyone to get out of this post. Quitting cigarettes is alot harder than quitting a low quality/disposable vape. If you feel quitting cigarettes is too much of an uphill battle, invest into a $20 vape, and you'll never want to use it unless you really need to.

If you guys don't know what my original plan was, I decided to switch from cigarettes to vaping, and gradually lower the dosage of nicotine until my cravings were more controllable. Alot of people asked me not to do this, and that I should quit cold turkey, but that was not an option for me, I couldn't do it.

So instead of blowing $60 or more on a high end vape, something that I don't plan on/want to use on the long term, I ended up getting a disposable vape. Now I'd like to say, I had some lung issues while I was on cigarettes, things like mucus build up, occasional chest pain and a nasty cough. These symptoms subsided within 24 hours of me quitting cigarettes completely (this is the best part, I feel so healthy). And switching from cigarettes to vaping wasn't easy, it took me about 3 days to fully commit to stop using cigarettes, and switch completely to vaping. 

The Vapes main purpose was to deal with those big cigarette cravings I'd get. I would go insane if I didn't have that little thing. But I used it extremely sparingly. Only when I really needed a fix, and it wasnt a good smoking experience anyways, it tasted gross and hurt my lungs when I used it, so it fulfilled the purpose I needed it to.

Fast forward a couple weeks, after gradually controlling/reducing my vaping for about a week, I decided to throw it away, along with my need to get a fix of nicotine anymore. Last Thursday seems like ages ago, but damn, I feel great. My lungs don't hurt in the morning, I feel like I can SING IN PITCH TO MY PLAYLIST :D. I don't stink of tobacco anymore, and most importantly, I'm happier, happier and healthier.

I don't mean to use this to rub it in to anyone who told me that my plan wasn't the right call, even though deep down I wanted to prove everyone wrong. But I think that everyone is biologically and mentally different, and maybe quitting cold turkey would be better for you, maybe switching to vaping would be the better call, whatever. But most importantly, commit to the plan you made, whatever seems to make it hard, feed off it, and use it. It's not easy, but anyone can do it.

Cheers everyone, hang in there and stay strong, quitting is one of those things that's hardest at the beginning, and gets easier and easier towards the end. Fight fight fight!