"Ain't nothin' to it, but to do it"

I can't put it more simply than Maya Angelou has. The only way to quit cigarettes is to quit cigarettes.  You can't be told you need to quit, you can't set some arbitrary date for your last cigarette, you can't keep making excuses! Just do it!

Before I quit I was terrified, I wanted to but I was scared I couldn't. I was scared I couldn't have a meal, or drive my car, or be stressed out without "needing" a cigarette. Food tastes better, driving is more fun, and I have found other positive ways of dealing with stress (its as simple as simply breathing and contemplating) now that I quit. 

Trust me, I get it, I was a total cighead--I couldn't go minutes in the morning without one and I didn't stop until I went to bed at night, I hated cigs but I also loved them. In my mind I couldn't picture myself as a non-smoker because it was so embedded into my persona.  Now I can't believe I smoked as long as I did and wear my smoke-free badge with pride.  As I commented in someone else's thread, the happiest I felt was when a stranger in Boulder, CO (relevant because I did a whole road trip to CA from NY without any cigs!!!) came up to me and asked to bum a cig and I just smiled and told him "Sorry, I don't smoke." Just that simple action of telling myself, my co-pilot, and a complete stranger that I am not a smoker cemented my role in that world. I never want to go back to the dark side and know I won't if I keep on persevering. 

If you are committed to not smoke, then you will not smoke. Yeah the physical urges suck for the first three days but honestly I had much more trouble with the mental urges in the months following quitting. You just have to keep reminding yourself that you don't want a cig until the urge passes (3-5 minutes tops).

What's the best part of quitting? Honestly every single part. Being able to overcome physical and mental urges only reassures you that you are strong and capable! Your sense of smell and taste will return quicker than you respect; I literally felt like a kid on the first Monday after quitting walking out of work and being able to smell grass being cut yards away.  Cigs smell like shit now and this has only helped me stay quit!

YOU CAN DO IT! YOU CAN DO IT! YOU CAN DO IT!

Feel free to DM me if you need someone to break your cigarettes or message you everyday that you can do it.

Damn that felt good, good luck everyone and stay strong!

FUCKCIGS4LYFE