I fail to quit

I just need to vent a little here.

I am a at least a pack a day smoker for ten years. I married a non smoking woman and we've lived together for 8 years. It's always been a problem for her but for the last five it's nearly destroyed our relationship. 
I've come so far as an individual from a high school dropout to a journeyman HVAC installer, from $10 p hour to a middle class life with a wife and two kids. But I smoke and she hates it and I know it will kill me. I want to see my kid's get old. I want to get old. My brother had cancer by 28. He beat it, but I'm 27 now and sometimes I have panic attacks about dying from smoking and what will happen to my family. 

I have quit for six months once in the past and that was very difficult for me and coincided with my move to a new state for a few months where I became a person who didn't smoke. No one knew me as a smoker. That was easier after a while. 

Now however, I am realizing that I have no will power to say no to cigarettes even though I just want them out of my life. Sitting in my porch drinking beer and chain smoking is my favorite thing but it's like a slow suicide attempt. I ignore my family while I do it. I stink. I spend a bunch of money. It's a terrible habit.

I've tried and failed a hundred times, making it a few days before my wife wants to talk to me about being an asshole because the only way I can survive at first at home is to be left alone to sleep and eat. I can get away with this for a day or two then I there is always a big fight about how I am such a jerk and ignore the family etc etc which is pretty true, cause smoking is my go to the g for processing my experience. It's my crutch. My relaxation. My hobby. I explode and smoke because I am so furious. Happened again tonight on day three after we made a pact to quit smoking for me, and her to eat right.

She eats right and does good. I go to work and bust my ass under stress and can barely stand myself when I get home. She tells me all kinds of stuff when we fight that makes me want to die inside because I can't muster up the will power to quit. Like this: 


"Fuck you for treating me like shit while at the same time having no intention of following through. Fuck you for pretending to support me and work with me. Fuck you for being a coward. Fuck you for leaving us stuck here while you go out because you are too weak to make it a day without a cigarette Fuck you for making me feel like maybe I could believe in you. Fuck you for being stupid and refusing to stop ruining our marriage over cigarettes. Fuck you for thinking your pride in smoking is the most important thing you have. Fuck you for exposing me and the kids to second hand smoke every day. Fuck you for leaving your cigarettes everywhere and polluting our air and laundry and car and making it so we can't ever be outside at the same time. Fuck you for using smoking as an excuse to escape the family you see for three hours a day. Fuck you for leaving me with the kids 
FUCK YOU
Fuck me for believing we could do this together. Fuck me for thinking this time you would be different. Fuck me for believing you when you say you don't want to smoke. Fuck me for letting you treat me like shit because it was for a good cause. Fuck me for needing your support. Fuck me for wanting your attention. Fuck me for wanting to help you. FUCK ME
I hope that pack of cigarettes is sooo good. I hope you feel so justified and like a real man. You are so strong and dedicated to your addiction. Nothing can stop you"

That's just one text, after I gave up and left to get a pack because no matter how many times I said I needed to be left alone so I wouldn't be an asshole, she followed me through the house wanting to talk. So I left. 

I feel so powerless and frankly worthless. This shit has to go... 

What coping strategies do you guys have for quitting or saying no to just buying a pack and smoking? I have an endless ability to lie to myself and the people I care about regarding quitting... Chewing gum just covers the smell from when I cheat. 

I guess I just need positive support from people that understand quitting smoking is harder than waiting 1800 calories a day. 

Advice/encouragement/ anything welcome. I don't want to feel so alone with this fight. 