Can I Bounce Something Off You Guys?

So, up until a couple of months ago, I had quit!  I was free!  For like a whole year.  Then my roommates picked the habit back up, and it was just too much for me.  I haven't started buying packs again or anything (thank god), but I've been regularly bumming smokes.  1-2/day, up to 4 if I've been drinking or something.  Right at New Year's I quit again.  On my new work schedule, they and I were apart enough that since they were cutting down, I never had to see or smell it.  It was god awful for a few days, but I got through it.  Until I had surgery ~2 weeks ago.  Without telling you a long, long story, let's say that this was an exceptionally stressful situation (like way above and beyond the usual stress you'd expect from an uninsured person needing emergency surgery).  Roommates began smoking more, and doped-up me went right along for the ride.  They even let me open the screen door next to my recovery nest so I didn't have to go outside.

Anyway, I still really, really hate cigarettes.  I'm so ready to get back to quitting.  I'm just concerned about some details of timing, at this point.  Friday I'm going back to work for the first time since my trip to the hospital (I work Friday-Monday, weekly).  My mental state is kind of balanced on the head of a pin right now (a mental illness condition is part of what sent me to the hospital in the first place).  I want to position my 72 hours of withdrawl hell to least a) interfere with my ability to get through work, considering I'm way, way not used to sitting through an 8 hour night anymore  and b) be the least painful on me and my SO, who seriously cannot take any more stress than absolutely necessary right now.  Right now, I'm considering placing it at the beginning of my *next* work week after this one.  I'll be away from my roommates, so I won't have it right in my face until I've already done the big withdrawl.  I'll be re-settled in my work routine, so I think I'm less likely to collapse into a walls-are-closing in panic attack from withdrawl + not being used to being out of the house (a seriously legitimate fear).  The best time is usually now, but I'm pretty sure that this is a situation I have to be a little more careful in?  I have bipolar with a hefty side-helping of medical-grade anxiety, so I have to watch out for these things, especially with a currently unstable home life and a major mixed episode less than two weeks behind me.  Anyone have any thoughts?

tl;dr  Think I need some help carefully scheduling my next attempt to quit.