No one believes I quit

So I really need to vent about this. Warning: wall of text coming.

Around February I went to a major cave system, where the temperature typically stays around 50 F, but outside there was still at least 5 inches of snow on the ground from all the snow storms that happened in the US earlier this year. Long story short, I'm pretty sure I got some sort of fungal pathogen from the cave that affected my throat. A few days later, the major ice/snow storm Thor came through and closed down most of the city for a few days. I did not have the proper warm clothes for this kind of weather. On top of my body already attempting to fight off this fungal infection, I caught a cold. 

Everyone who has tried smoking while sick with a burning throat and a stuffy nose knows it's one of the worst feelings in the world - there is no joy that comes out of smoking while sick, but the nicotine withdrawals that happen on top of that make it that much worse. Since I didn't have to work due to the storm and I already felt like I had been hit by a bus, I just took a ton of painkillers and nyquil and slept for about 4 days. I would attempt to smoke here and there, but it just hurt too bad.

By the time I started to feel better, the worst of the withdrawals were over too. Once the roads cleared up I went out and bought another pack, just out of habit, but I didn't even want it. I just quit on accident, but I figured hey, I'm this far, might as well go ahead and quit entirely.

So after 5 years of smoking 3-4 packs a week I was finally over it. I could go a whole day without craving it. I still had slight nicotine headaches, but nothing compared to the mind throbbing make-me-want-to-shoot-my-brains-out-to-make-it-stop head aches I had experienced before.

I was so proud of myself for it that I went and told all of my friends. "Hey guys, remember how you're always telling me to quit? Well I finally did." But what kind of response did I get?

"Oh, yeah, we've heard that one before."

Um. No. I didn't say I want to quit, or that I was going to try to quit soon, or that I quit for a week and then started back up. I genuinely quit. I've had the occasional cigarette while drinking over the past few months, but nothing compared to what I had been doing. I haven't had an actual craving since I quit. But no one believes it. I still have colleagues coming to me asking if they can bum one from me. One day I had a pack given to me from a drinking buddy who also only smokes when he drinks so I offered one and the guy said "I'm so glad you started smoking again" (Just because he always asks to bum from me. It was kind of a relief to tell him I quit).

It's really irritating. I just wanted one of my friends to be proud of me and encourage me, but none of them believe I can or will do it. They see me light up a couple after a few drinks and suddenly they think I'm addicted again. Since it's been a few months they're starting to believe me since I no longer always wreak of smoke (I had to do a ton of laundry and cleaning after I quit - did I always smell like that?) and don't take smoke breaks during the day. Just because I didn't announce it on facebook and don't keep track of how many hours/days it's been since I last had one doesn't mean I didn't break my addiction, but no one gets it. 

EDIT: OK, so maybe not exactly quit. I have gone from social smoking, to daily smoker, to occasional while drunk smoker. At the moment, that occasional cigarette is what has kept me from going crazy - is anyone else is the same position? Any advice on how to quit that too? I'm not sure if I'm ready for it, but I do want to completely quit one day.