How do you even begin to stop the psychological dependence?

On and off smoker of 6 years here, during certain points in my life I've done 1-2 packs a day for 2-3 months at a time, while I've also stopped cold turkey for months probably 3-4 times. I tend to chain smoke when under a lot of stress and when my job entails sitting in front my computer all day, and the few times I've gone cold turkey were not decisions out of necessity or rationality, but rather I just didn't derive enough enjoyment out of smoking from time to time so I just naturally stopped without even realizing it. Currently a pack lasts me almost 2 weeks (on some days I don't even smoke at all), but a month ago I was doing at least a pack everyday.

 

I cannot say for certain, but I don't ever feel like I've been physically addicted as opposed to the occasional (yet still powerful and overwhelming) psychological dependence. Perhaps I just have a high threshold for enduring discomfort, but I could go from chain smoking for 3 months to stopping completely the next week with little to no physical withdrawal symptoms.

 

HOWEVER, I've never gone longer than half a year without smoking at least 1 cigarette, and usually my breaks are much shorter than that averaging a few weeks at the most. Something in life always triggers that mental craving from time to time, be it sheer boredom, dinner with a smoker friend, being offered a cigarette during socials, catching a whiff of that sweet devil breath at a bus stop, drinking and celebrating after a promotion, etc.

These aren't your average 5 or 10-minute physical cravings mind you, if I don't get my fix for that eventful night, I would constantly think about it for days at end, vividly imagining how good that first puff on zero tolerance must feel, and eventually give in. Sometimes it's as simple as bumming one from a stranger, then sitting there in pure light-headed ecstasy for the next 5 minutes. Sometimes I give in a little harder and go on to buy my own pack, while other times that one cigarette is enough for the next few weeks until I get triggered again. 

 

I'd say I've been lured into a false sense of security by my ability to stop with no ill effects, and I'm at a complete loss as to where to go from here. How do you even begin to stop the psychological dependence? 