I'm giving up smoking tonight. Will do a daily check in on this thread to give hope to future non-smokers.

THE SHORT VERSION OF THE POST:
I will check in on this thread every day in the comments confirming that I have quit and quit for good. Based on my experience in a 12 step program, I know that this sort of thing is vital for newbies who want to quit, seeing someone who has quit and quit for good and is finding life to be so much better. 


THE LONG VERSION AND MY HISTORY:
I've tried quitting every day for basically the past month or two. And I've failed. Tried nicotine lozenges and vaping. Always went back to smoking. Been going through the worst shit in my life the past 4 months which nearly everyone agrees is the worst thing you can go through other than a child dying. I'm very grateful that my life has been destroyed and I have PTSD because once I get through this I'll be able to get through everything. 

I've been lying to myself and saying that I need to smoke cigarettes in order to change my state when I'm feeling angry or depressed. No, that's just an excuse for me to keep smoking. Not anymore. 

I will check in on this thread every day in the comments confirming that I have quit and quit for good. 

The thing that has finally gotten me to the point where I ACTUALLY BELIEVE I can quit is the Kerry Gaynor Method. Check it out if you're interested. It seems a little hokey since it talks about hypnosis but the hypnosis is not the main point of it all. 

What I did was paid like 60 or 70 dollars (can't remember how much) to have access to the videos. There are 3 videos where you see Kerry Gaynor (a stop smoking hypnotist) doing his method with an actual client. His method is that he meets you three times, once a week, and he has a conversation with you for about an hour and then does 15-20 minutes of hypnosis which is basically just him getting you into a really relaxed state (saying stuff exactly how someone in a meditation podcast gets you into a meditative state) and then he reinforces the stuff he's been talking about the past hour in order to sort of slip in into your unconscious or something, I don't know, whatever, I don't even need to listen to the hypnosis parts. 

The hour long talk that he does before that is just incredible and the thing that WORKS. He's basically doing the same things that Alan Carr does in the "Easy way to stop smoking book" which is just un-brainwash you into thinking that there is any good reason to smoke and that it actually isn't that hard to quit, you just think it is. 

The reason I like the Kerry Gaynor method better than the Allan Carr method is Kerry Gaynor focuses on erasing your false beliefs that YOU won’t be the one to get sick and die from smoking and how INSANE it is that you’re willing to inject hundreds of deadly chemicals with every cigarette whereas if someone put those chemicals in your food you’d be like “What the fuck! You’re trying to poison me! Murderer!!!”. I won’t get into a ton of details about all of this but I will say that if you want to quit, or are having trouble staying a non-smoker, just check it out. The worst that can happen is like lose seven packs of cigarettes worth of money. The best that can happen is you never smoke another cigarette for the rest of your life. 

I used the Alan Carr book to quit smoking back in like 2007 and it was freaking easy. I finished the book and didn't smoke another cigarette for 2 years until I was on a trip through Europe and got super drunk in London and someone offered me a cigarette and I was like "Fuck it, I'm on vacation, one won't hurt--" BAM! Back into it. Been off and on since then. Have used "The Easy way to quit smoking" method to quit twice since then and always end up smoking again months or years later when going through hard times. Same thing with the Kerry Gaynor method. Used it back in February 2018 and it totally worked…until four months ago when my life began to be destroyed. 

No more!

A 12-step program I'm in has made me realize that this line of thinking, that using smoking to change my state and moods, is just dumb. I am using something outside of my body to try and feel peace whereas what I need to do is find peace within. 

I have been using chemical solutions to my problems instead of spiritual solutions. And i don't mean God, I am an atheist which is perfectly fine in AA and 12-step programs. My definition of God in these programs is literally the 12-step program. I have never felt such a force of unconditional love as I do when I go to meetings and for the first time in my life can just be totally open and honest about all the stupid, secret, horrible shit I've done due to alcohol and drugs and everyone just hugs you, relates stories about similar dumb shit they've done, and then pats on you the back and says “Keep coming back. It works if you work it.”

 I was never a crazy drinker who would drink so bad that I’d end up on the streets, but it has gotten close to that in hard times, especially recent hard times, and the only thing that has made me able to stop in the past is the fact that I was a secret drinker and HAD to stop or else my wife would find out and I would feel shame. And I was so protection of this incredible image that I had built up about myself that I was this amazing guy that I forced myself to quit in secret instead of reveal that no, I’m not perfect. 

But when I went through a period where I was kicked out of the house for other reasons and I was living alone, I COULDN’T stop drinking and then only thing that finally worked was going to like 3 AA meetings a day and BOOM, it was easy to quit. Not sure what it is, there’s just something about being surrounded by other alcoholics sharing their stories and accepting you that works. Can’t say how, same way I can’t explain how EMDR works, it just does. 

So since I can’t find physical Nicotine Anonymous meetings, this is what I’ll do. You will be my fellowship. I don’t even need you guys to say “great job!” every day, just me posting my progress is enough for me to feel like there is someone out there that I am helping is some way.

So here we go. I’m laying in bed in a shitty motel smoking a cigarette (never been in a smoking room before!) and then I’m going to see a family member to talk about all the horrible shit I’ve been going through lately and get advice and then when I leave there and drive home tonight I will smoke my last cigarette for the rest of my life and then my life begins. I am so excited. 

Okay, gotta get up now because check out is in 30 minutes. I can hear the birds chirping outside the window and feel so great about what I’m about to do today and am so grateful for everyone on this subreddit for doing what you’ve been doing, giving hope to hopeful non-smokers. 

HERE WE GO!!!!!!! : )