Relapsed after a great streak and now I've dreamed the devil chasing me

Successfully quit smoking on november 2017 after a shit period where I had decided I had to take responsability for my life. Had a great 2018 until now. Changed job and was killing it there. Only relapsed every 2 months for a weekend max 3 days. Then holidays started. Went partying and in a moment of weakness relapsed. Tried to talk me it was nothing but kept relapsing every day except for another streak of 10 days. I met the woman of my life that I had seen on social medias through common friends and I relapsed thinking I needed energy to talk to her. Went nowwhrre but whatever bcs I will see her again some day. Now I'm about to start working again and have anxiety about it so I surrended and accepted I will smoke until I muster the willpower (already read Allen Carr so don't need the brainwashing that you donMt need willpower to do it) because the alternative would be fooling myself "this is the last one" which makes me chainsmoke and feel it fuxks my dopamine circuits up.
My problem is the heavy guilt since I've tried for years to do it and spent thousands on throwing multiple packs a day just to buy them again, and this guilt manifested itself on debilitatint psychosomatic dizziness that I hope will not get me now.
Don't need to talk about the miriad of benefits I experienced as a non smoker like increased mood, increased energy, sexual prowess, decreased anxiety, no depression.
Now I don't know what the fuck to do because i have an extremely hard job 12+ hours a day and cant allow myself to feel withdrawal. My bosses are also ruthless and unable to feel enpathy even if I had to explain all of this they would think I'm crazy.
Just needed to vent this shit up because I'm fucking angry as fuck. I don't want to smoke.
I dreamed the devil, a huge red demon with big horns riding some flyig horse who was laughing at me in my house in the night. I then tried to run as much as I can but he could fly through obstacles and only then I realized I had to stop and confront him then I woke up but I interpret this as my indulgence with my addiction being stronger than my willpower.
Just wanted to vent this shit up, thanks