Everything is New

Since quitting cigarettes after 21 years of smoking, the main things that occur to me are the implications surrounding the authenticity of my lifetime of experiences as well as how real my identity may or may not be. The mania and extreme difficulty of quitting smoking have been characterized by bouts of psychotic rage, periods of wanting to weep like an infant, and a general uneasiness that lurks in the background the rest of the time.

But the rage isn’t me. The weepiness isn’t me. It’s not me, yet it is me experiencing and expressing these things. Its obviously an effect of the chemical withdrawal from nicotine/cigarettes. So what about the rest of my life? If I’ve always been, throughout my adult life, in a state of nicotine satiety or withdrawal and that state has always colored my emotional composition, can any of my experiences still be said to be mine? Don’t they at least partially belong to that neurochemical relationship between the drug and the brain?

If we say that my experiences aren’t entirely mine, then that leaves the question of my identity in an even sorrier state than the average person’s. For all the difficulty one should have in sussing out “who they are,” the complication presented here shatters the notion of identity and self identification entirely. I was a fairly cynical, sardonic, and intelligent individual. Or was I? Wasn’t at least some of the cynicism related to the depressed mood that smokers suffer in the withdrawal state, which is most of their lives? Of course it was. How much was the cigarette me and how much was I the cigarette, though? Same with being sardonic. The things that I chose to care about, or more importantly, all the things that I didn’t choose to care about, would of course been influenced by such a neurochemically potent agent.

So now here I am. Everything is new. Literally, everything is new. The air is rich with new smells. The flavors in food are deeper. The world appears more clearly and finely detailed. I notice sounds that I’d not noticed before. I feel less achey, less tired, more alive. I want to do everything I’ve ever done all over again, to experience it for real. And I want to do everything that I’ve never done, to experience as much of the world and myself as I possibly can.