3 weeks smoke free. Here's how I quit.

I realize 3 weeks isn't that long, but I've been a smoker for 14 years and have tried to quit too many times to count. I never made it past the first week until now. I tried something different this time, and so far it's going well. I originally shared this in a comment but thought I would post in case it could help anyone.  

In my previous attempts, I tried quitting cold turkey and failed. I started stressing even before my quit date just knowing I wouldn't get to have cigarettes, and I would always give in. Same with counting cigarettes -- I would get so stressed knowing I had a limited number that I would actually smoke more than usual.  

This time, I just tried to wait longer before I smoked my first cigarette of the day (before, I smoked first thing after waking up and last thing before bed.) After the first I allowed myself to smoke like usual. So I would tell myself, "you just need to make it until 11:00 AM." And after I would smoke like usual, then a couple days later push the time to maybe 1:00 P.M, etc. If I was having a bad day, I would allow myself to smoke and go back to the plan the next day.   

So basically, I just tried to take the pressure off so I didn't stress myself out and give up. It got easier the further I pushed the time because I could *feel* the difference. The first half of my day, I felt good, had lots of energy, etc. As soon as I smoked that first cigarette, I just felt terrible - it would zap all of my energy immediately. This process took about a month, and I'll admit I did have 3-4 failed quit days before it stuck.   

I also bought a vape with nicotine free liquid to use for big triggers, such as when I'm hanging out with someone who is smoking (my partner smokes.) I hate vaping and it's definitely not the same, but it really helped when otherwise I might've given in. However, now I can usually be around smokers without having super strong cravings, so I rarely use the vape anymore. It's more of a security blanket.  

I'm so happy I've made it 3 weeks! I feel like I've made it past the worst part. Hope my post helps someone. We've got this!