One month today

[Smoke Free Image](https://i.imgur.com/4xKttq3.png)

Hey lads,

I‘m 25 years old and most of my life I spent being an unhealthy fuck. I started smoking at the age of 16 and at that age I started going out and partying a lot with friends and drinking almost every weekend. I barely did any sports ever but I somehow didn’t really notice any health issues.


Last year i kinda started slumping really bad. I have a 9 to 5 job (although one I love) and I came home and started playing video games the rest of the evening (I‘m a huge gamer) neglecting the household and other stuff.


All that while smoking a pack a day. I started having chest pain and my stamina was non-existent. So I said to myself 2018 would be different but nothing really changed until may.


I made holidays smoked like a chimney and ate unhealthy stuff. I decided that this lifestyle is no longer bearable for me and I made a plan.


June: Pick up going to Gym again (this time seriously)
July: Start eating a bit more healthy
August: Stop smoking


Here I am. I could achieve all three of those points and I‘m feeling greater than ever. Even after one month of not smoking I can literally feel the difference. My chest pain went away completely and that‘s the biggest thing I noticed so far.


I quit after reading Allen Carrs book and my biggest learnings so far are:

1. The Mindset-Framework the book provides is great, although for me it‘s not the magical pill that never made me crave again.
2. For me there‘s still a bit of discipline needed in some situations to recall the books framework and to not fall for the addicition again. But it‘s not really cravings but moments when I would have smoked in the past.
3. I did not cut any activity at all. I can still eat or drink alcohol in a social environment without craving too hard.
4. I would still think about cigarettes very often, but that‘s okay. I‘m not my thoughts and I use that situation to recall that smoking has absolutely zero benefits.

I thought I‘d never quit smoking and lots of people in my social circle chain smoke. I thought I enjoy it but I know now that with a little bit of mental work and discipline I can beat the addiction. And so can you. Thank you all so much. I read that sub a lot on my journey.
