Hello, day one.

Hello everyone. I just found this subreddit, seems like a great community and just what I need so, if that's fine, I'll like to take this opportunity to write a bit about my smoking story and, most importantly, use this post as my starting point for my stop smoking adventure. 

I'm 20 years old, from Venezuela, and I love music. Currently I'm studying psychology, working as an english teacher in the afternoons, and playing in a metal band. 

I smoked my first when I was 14 or 15, I didn't like it. Two years later, I was smoking 2 o 3 cigarets every time I went out with my friends. That escalated to 3 or 4 cigarets a day and 10+ every time I went out when I was 19. I used to tell myself those comforting lies like "I don't smoke nearly as much as everyone else", "I can quit whenever I want", "I'll only do this for a little while". But I'm starting to worry about my addiction.

Firstly, because it's the first time I recognise it as an addiction. Secondly, because I don't feel I'm in control anymore. But maybe more importantly, because my mom has been fighting cancer for almost a year now (she's almost done with the treatment, so far, so good) and I didn't stop to think about the implications until my dad sat me down a spelled them out for me. And that was on December the 31st.

I'm smoking a lot more, and for a lot longer, that I ever thought I would. Now, it's hard for me not to, as I have smokers around me everywhere I go, and staying away from those environments is not really an option. University, my best friends, rehearsals and gigs. It's everywhere, as I spend most of my days on this activities. 

I have so much to gain from quitting, and so much to lose from continuing. And still, it feels like such a hard choice to make. But it's time, this ends now. I'm really afraid of my addiction getting worse and worse, to the point where I won't ever stop. 

Sorry for writing so much, it's the first time I open up about this, I guess I had a lot to let out. Thanks a lot for reading this far, I'm happy to declare June the 24th as my first smoke free day. And my plan is not to gradually reduce intake, but to abruptly stop. May the Force guide me through this. 