The beginning of the end, after over 20 years I'm finally ready to say I'm scared of dying early and I'm sick of being a slave to a little box....I need all the love and support I can get.

Hi Reddit.  I've been a Redditor for years but took a year off and forgot my sign in.  This will probably get a little long, I apologize but I feel this is going to be cathartic as hell and I need to put this in front of me in black and white.  

I smoked my first cigarette at 13.  By 16 I was smoking one or two every couple of days.  At 17 I was smoking a half pack a day and by 18 I was smoking a full pack.  Nearing 21 I said I'd quit when I turned 35 or had kids, whichever came first.   

I couldn't quit, not with any of my pregnancies.  The guilt hit hard but I was blessed with 4 healthy happy babies.  Then life kicked me in the butt, swiftly and without any restraint.  Abusive relationships became the normal for 12 years.  

Finances were always tight as a single mom or even with a partner in the picture; but I always had enough money squirreled away to buy food, utilities, clothes and diapers for the kids and of course my 2 packs a day - though I cut back to a half pack a day when I was pregnant and breastfeeding.

I now have a few challenges with 2 of my children (PTSD, depression, anxiety and Autism Spectrum Disorder)...which of course builds more guilt and questions of whether my smoking made these boys more susceptible to mental health issues.  To cope with my own anxiety, PTSD, and depression I'm now smoking upwards of 2 1/2 to 3 packs a day most days of the week.  I also smoke cannabis, it's legal where I live.  

I have high risk factors for stroke and heart attack/disease as well as cancer, aside from the fact I smoke like a campfire.  I'm terrified of leaving my kids too early.  I need to quit.  I'm pretty ready to quit.  I'm scared of quitting, it's been a coping mechanism for so long, but it's beyond time.  

I'm looking into some sort of NRT, I've had no success with the several I've tried. I want to be cigarette free by the end of June (I have anxiety, my anxiety likes to have a plan) and NRT free on my dad's birthday in September.  I originally wanted to quit in November on my mom's birthday.  She passed away 6 years ago, I watched her suffer horribly from cancer and she never smoked once in her 65 years.  I want this to be a gift to her;:but my dad is still alive and wants me to quit more than anything.  I'm 35.  I have a lifetime ahead of me.  I think my dad will be able to appreciate the gift I give to myself and my family more than my mom.   

Any advice, tips, stories... Even if it's just some love, I appreciate anything.  I've missed Reddit and I knew if I wanted to quit that joining this community was going to be a good step.