Two months free, and it's the best.

Hi everyone, 

I've just stumbled on this subreddit, and I wanted to say a few words about myself, because I haven't had the chance to do so with anyone until now. 

Tomorrow, it'll be two months since I last smoke a cigarette, and damn does it feel nice. I've spent about two years smoking, am 22 now, and have wanted to stop for a long time, though I hadn't really tried I guess. 

My girlfriend is studying medecine, so that should be a sufficient incentive, having her worry about my health and all. We have been dating for over a year, and about 8 months prior to today, I had stopped smoking, for what I thought would be the last time. Unfortunately, she chose to study a few months abroad, and spend two months in London and six in Dallas (we live in France). During the first few months (let's be honest, weeks), I kept my promise, and didn't smoke any cigarette. But one night, I caved and borrowed one from a friend, to celebrate my graduation. And thus the cycle continues. I got back to smoking, even though I capped myself at 5 or 6 a day, that still was too much. 

The real deal was : I kept talking to my girlfriend, promptly avoiding the subject, so that I wouldn't lie to her by saying I wasn't smoking anymore when I still was. It held on until the last week before I went to Dallas, that is to say five months and a week after she went there. I had managed to keep it a semi-secret for the majority of our time apart, and was pretty confident I could keep it going that way. My goal was to stop on March 1st, which I did. But one night in a bar, waiting for my friends to come back from a smoke break, I drunkenly texted my girlfriend, saying I was getting bored now that I had completely stopped smoking. That's when it gets ugly. 

No other text that night, I sleep it off, and get a text in the morning, just before she went to bed (The time difference between Paris, France and Dallas, Texas = 7 hours). Little by little, she unveils my whole lie. And the worst thing is, she gets mad at me, sure, but she is so mad at herself for trusting me about this. And I fall apart. Ruminating in my head the many reasons I started this lie, a lie that should not even be. 
And then it hits me (pretty late for it, but better late than never, eh ?): I'm a fucking addict god damn it. I feel the need to lie about it, and not only to the only person I trust fully, but to most of my family, who thought I had quitted to, and even some friends. How the hell did it get so ugly ? Why do I need to lie my way out of this ? 

Let me tell you, this kind of moment make you re-think your choices. And I'll be damned if I ever smoke another cigarette, because I understand the incredible power of it, at least the one it has on me. A single cigrette can make me slip back? Okay then, I have enough willpower to behave myself. It's time to do it, for myself, and not for anyone else. 

My point is, you can try to stop anytime you want, with help, no help, medication of what ever you feel like using. But if you try to quit without any real good reason to do it, it's a hell of a lot harder. Trust yourself with what you can do, and if you can't trust yourself with that, maybe it's not the best time to do it. I'd rather wait a bit more, and take action once and for all, when I'm actually ready to do it, rather than lying to myself about quitting. 

Sorry for the long post, I hope you'll find something in it for you too. 

Thank you for reading, and good luck with your quitting. 