I've smoked my last cigarette, at least a 100 times I bet...

I guess I'll just keep quittin' til it sticks. Song by Jason Aldean, but it seems to be the story of my life. Like almost all of you, I've smoked since a young age, and what used to seem like a very natural or normal thing to me became something to be be ashamed of. A habit that had nothing to offer but excuses of stress relief, relaxation, or some other B.S. excuse. I've lost count of how many times I've tried to quit. Cold turkey, electronic cigarettes, dip, patches, and gum, none of it seemed to work for me for an extended period of time. I even tried to use an entire deployment to kick the habit. Unfortunately, there was always a temptation to pay the guy who brought Blue Cigarettes and chewing tobacco underway twenty bucks just to get the fix. To give yourself the boost you needed to get through the next week of the underway. Even though the majority of my crew members hadn't smoked or dipped a day in their lives.
The closest I've ever come to quitting was when I decided I would do it for my wife. Even then, it took a year for me to find the willpower to ignore the temptation to light one up. Every day is a challenge to decide against it. Especially if alcohol is involved.
The point that I'm attempting to make is that no matter the reason you're smoking or dipping, there will always be an infinitely better reason to stay away from that garbage. I won't bother preaching about cancer, general health, blood pressure, or anything similar. I'm still not sure when the cravings will stop, but I will guarantee that between them you will feel better than you have in years. You will have to fight through the bitter feelings and the slow creeping anger for the most ridiculous reasons towards your spouse or significant other during your cravings. You need to decide for yourself the reason that you are quitting, and remind yourself everyday why it is worth the struggle. Good luck, and may you have fair wind and following seas.