Giving myself the gift of health for Christmas

Gonna be straight up honest with you all - I slipped a couple of times in the past 12 days (minor, unlike before, where I went through the whole pack. This time I smoked 2 cigs, trashed the pack last week). But I'm doing better than I did in previous attempts. I'm feeling confident but cautiously so, especially because I managed to stay quit despite the little slip up while staying at my parents' house, working on stressful deadline projects, and while generally having triggers such as big meals and drinking a little. I keep reminding myself how good and at peace I'll feel when it's Christmas eve and Christmas day and I'm cozy inside the house feeling my body getting healthier. That'll be my gift to myself.

I've also realized self-loathing and a sense of discontent with myself was the reason I got caught up in smoking regularly in the first place. For a long time, I felt like I didn't matter, so what would it matter if I indulged in something unhealthy? But I'm slowly coming to be kinder to myself and will be re-learning how to relax, reflect, and love myself. I was embarrassed before to even talk to my parents about my smoking, and would angrily demand that everyone just stay quiet about it and let me do it without guilting me. I am grateful that they respected me enough to oblige and never nagged me, but now it's time for me to return that respect and kindness to them and give them one less reason to worry about me. I talked to them and candidly admitted my slip up, and believe it or not, I laughed in good humor when my mom gasped. The old me would've gotten angry and defensive. This time, we discussed it briefly but honestly, and I told them I'm feeling better and I want to continue feeling better. My dad asked me the other day, knowing about the slip up and not judging, how I was doing on the quit, and I proudly said "I'm at 10 days." 

I decided not to reset my quit date because I felt it'd be more impactful if I could see the days building up to keep my momentum. I think I personally would feel discouraged and would possibly find a way to justify putting off the quit attempt if I'd reset it. That's my personal take on it, but you do you, however you need to. Hope everyone is having a great holiday season and be kind to yourselves.