I feel ridiculous but I know what I have to do...

I'm looking for a little bit of positive reinforcement to help give me a nudge in the right direction, please! 

So I've smoked since 2009. Of course, I never thought it would become a daily habit, but here I am. I now smoke on average about 6-10 cigarettes a day. Triggers are breaks in work (I work from home so no one sees me, making it easier for me to do it without any external sources of shame-- internal is another matter), talking on the phone, and recently, upon waking to give myself a kick. Here's the thing that makes me feel ridiculous: I work out every day and have become very dedicated to fitness. I've even had friends ask me what my secret is because I've really put on muscle and lost fat! I feel like a total fraud. Even worse in hindering my dedication to quitting is the fact that I have decent cardio performance as a smoker. I can run and do stair climber machine, elliptical, and stationary bike exercise for 20 minutes with no problems. So the terrible little voice in my head is always saying things like "you're not even that unhealthy, you can handle a cigarette." It's absolutely stupid. I know I'll have better gains AND better cardio performance once I quit. 

I even meditate, and it helps. Yet then I still turn to cigarettes to calm down. I feel like such a wellness fraud and an idiot. I struggled with depression when I started smoking, and still do. I manage it with taking care of myself through fitness, and I know the final step in reaching my wellness goals is to quit. I stopped drinking regularly with no problems. I cut out junk food and started eating really healthy foods. So what the hell is wrong with me that I can't quit smoking when I've obviously taken better care of myself in all other aspects of my health? Can anyone share their experiences with athletic performance before and after that might help encourage me, for example? I have Allen Carr's book and have read all but 3 chapters. I am moving toward KNOWING I'll be ready to quit, but tonight I gave a soft attempt and caved and bought a pack, telling myself I'll do it in another few days. Any comments and thoughts are appreciated. Thank you!