Why does this sub dislike vaping?

After being a pack-a-day smoker for 25 years, I finally quit just over 2 months ago.  Leading up to my quit day I was frantic: I was about to undertake mission impossible.  I was sure that I would be an absolutely miserable beast to all those around me. The last time I tried to quit, cold turkey, I didn't last a single day.  This time I was sure that I would fail.

A friend who also recently quit lent me his vaporizer and showed me how to use it, fill it up etc., "it'll help take the edge off" he said.  Sure they kinda look silly, but I may as try it.

The day finally arrived and I had my last cigarette at noon.  Goodbye old friend!  For the next 24 hours it was all I could think about.  I have little doubt that I would have caved if it weren't for vaping.  But vaping wasn't perfect either:  I couldn't seem to 'dial it in right' (on my device you could adjust the wattage that would determine how much and how hot the vape juice would vaporize - kinda like choosing between extra-extra-extra-light cigarettes or filterless).  It ended up taking me about a week before I dialed it in and got used to it.  It also felt like it was causing my throat to swell up a bit... do I stop or persist?  Is this normal??? Google never gives a straight answer.

The first day was the worst, but not nearly ad bad as I thought it would be.  Yes I was grumpy and quick to anger, but nobody died that day at my hands.  The second day was quite a bit better.  By 4-5 days I was laughing at how easy it actually all was.  What had I been so fearful about?  And why was this so much easier than the ither times I've tried to quit???  If I'm to answer honestly, I owe it to the vape.  Here's why it helped me:

1) It contains nicotine, of course: but only if the vape juice you buy contains it - and you choose how much nicotine the juice contains. 

2) Vaping gives you a "throat hit"... and every smoker knows exactly what I'm talking about here.  This is what's lacking in gum, patches, or e-cigarettes.  It did take me some time to 'dial in' the right 'throat hit' for me... but eventually I got it right and in the meantime it still sufficed.

3) It satisfies the oral fixation I used to get from smoking.  Sucking on a vape, for me, is 'a close enough' sensation to sucking on a cigarette.

4) It also satisfies my need to be doing something with my hands.  Lifting up the vape, for me, is like fiddling with a cigarette.

5) It's a helluva lot cheaper than smoking or other quit-smoking aids such as gum or patches.  I soon bought my own vape and juice (as mentioned, I initially borrowed a friend's) and it cost me $75 for the vaporizer and $60 for a bottle of juice which I've still have some left. So cost of the device aside, it's cost me less than a dollar a day to vape.

6) My 'cravings to vape' seem to be naturally dissipating.  I now go most days with only vaping once or twice.  I often now get in the car for a day's errands and forget to bring it.  Had I previously forgotten cigarettes then I'd either buy a pack or go home and pick them up.  The only time I feel I 'need' to vape is when I'm having drinks with friends, otherwise I now barely use it.

7) I can vape in a lot more places than I used to be able to smoke, such as at home or in my car (when I have a child in it), etc.

8) There are other advantages, such as it not making me or my car smell bad or turning my teeth yellow etc., but in all honesty those aspects of smoking never bothered me - I just didn't want to die a horrible premature death.

Are there disadvantages to vaping? Absolutely!  The initial cost is a put-off: Do I really want to drop $135 on something if it doesn't work and I'm right back to smoking in a few days?  Also, it's just one device - if I misplace it or break it then I'll have to go out and buy another one - a bigger set back than replacing a pack of smokes.

So, with all that said, I'm not out of the woods yet.  I still get cravings for cigarettes, of course, and there's always a chance I will go back.  But so far, for me, vaping had been a tremendous help that in itself is quickly fading into the background.

So, why does this sub seem to really dislike vaping as a quit smoking aid?  I honestly think that it's been an extraordinary help for me and others too. Why aren't governments promoting this for smokers to quit?  I don't know of a single non-smoker that started vaping 'just because'.

Disclaimer: I have no affiliation whatsoever with the tobacco industry or vaping industry.
