Quitted with champix, happy for quitting but having depression and feel everything foggy

Hello, i will be happier if this help any quitter and me. And sorry for my english, not native language. 

I am 33 years old and smoked for 15 years. I was a very strong addicted. Tried everything to quit, couldnt stop.

My biggest challenge was nicotine withdrawal symptoms. I couldnt do my work or do anything without smoking.

4,5 months ego i started champix and it worked. There was zero nicotine withdrawal symptoms. 

I smoked average 2-3-4 cigarettes per day for 2 months while taking champix (i know i should better quit earlier but couldnt)

After 2 months i stopped smoking completely and started tapering champix. (last month tapering low dosage, i lowered dosage because of depression). 

1-2 week ego i stopped champix after using 3 months.

I am now champix and smoke free. I dont experience nicotine withdrawal symptoms but a horrible depression still continue which started with champix. I had never experienced this disease, nor used any drug for depression. Of course i had some years with bad mood, one of these years i started smoking but this one i experience is make me feel it is persistant, deep and worse. In addition, champix made me feel everything foggy, i feel i dont live from when i started champix, even feel that i dont write these. I feel my mind clear and pretty strong, i can decide - think - do my work but feel like i live like a ghost, dont feel anything deep and real, like watching me in a movie on TV and command me from far away.

My friends reaction to these inconsistent. Some of them say that i look much better (more energic, happy, helpful ), some say i look much worse then before (unhappy, impulsive, awkward). My wife fully support me. 

I want to know if these side affects are persistant or not. If not, how long i should expect to pass.I dont want to smoke again, but this is not the health status i want to have. 

Do i regret using champix? maybe yes. I should have maybe better tried cold turkey again over and over. because these side affects are really very bad. I am happy for not smoking, hope dont start again and will do my best. If you have any experience or recommendations on this, i appreciate a lot.