Why Allen Carr didn't work for me, and The Power of Habit did.

I began trying to stop smoking just as soon as I started, but after three years I think I finally got there. It's been more than three weeks now,which is longer than any past quitting attempt. I don't have nightmares about smoking, and I'm not getting fat, and I haven't bought any gums/patches/whatever, and I hardly think about smoking at all. I thought I'd share what worked for me, since Allen Carr didn't work for me, and probably won't work for some of you.

All along I was sure that Allen Carr was the guy that was going to guide me to stop smoking. So many people vouched for him and it was his book that helped me set my previous record of two weeks without cigarettes. The thing is, the more I read it over and over those three years, the more I started to realize that I didn't agree with it. Then I read a book called "The Power of Habit" by Charles Duhigg and I figured out why the EasyWay wasn't working for me:

**1) Smoking isn't a habit.** This is the problem with Allen Carr's method. According to The Power of Habit, a habit is a three step loop: A queue (an itch to smoke), a routine (smoking), and a reward (endorphine release, nicotine craving subsides). The queues to smoke won't go away, the routine does, and the reward is removed with EasyWay method. I say, respect yourself and replace the routine with exercise or another positive activity (deep breathing, jogging,push ups,sex). Not only will you get an endorphine release (which will make that craving ease away), but your body will get a flood of oxygen, which will aid in its recovery. When I started doing this, I transformed my mind from a smoker to the mindset of an athlete. After 22 days of this routine, not smoking is about as easy as not hitting myself in the head with a hammer.

Find something that you can do everyday that makes you feel alive, happy, healthy, and satisfied.

Also, this is my first post. I hope I reddited it write.

TLDR: Smoking is a habit. I replaced the habit of smoking with a healthy habit of jogging.