Feel like giving up at 2 month mark.

Today I feel like giving up and going back to smoking. I can't and I won't but I need to unload to someone who knows this struggle. I grew up in a Christian family and most of my friends are christians so I'm the only (ex) smoker I know. In fact I don't know anyone whose gone through addiction of any kind. To anyone who reads this, thank you.

For a few years I was a "social smoker" going through only a pack a month. Then shit hit the fan and my pack a month habit turned into a pack a day habit. It took me about 8 months till I started to vape. After 1 year of vaping I finally quit after I learned I was going to have a baby boy. 

It's been 2 months since I last consumed nicotine. I honestly don't miss vaping at all, I miss cigarettes. The physical withdrawals have subsided and I'm "used" to not smoking. But every day I fantasize about smoking. I see a deck on a nice house and I fantasize about smoking on it. I go to the beach and I fantasize about smoking there. I drive home from work and I fantasize about smoking on the way.

I feel like my best friend named cigarettes has died and I can't move on. I never thought I'd still be so stuck after 2 whole months. I don't feel like myself. I'm depressed and anxious a lot. I struggle to deal with daily things that I used to smoke to deal with. It's hard. I feel like there's no light at the end of the tunnel and no matter how long I go without cigs I will never heal from the damage they have done mentally and emotionally. For the first  23 years of my life I've been fine. It's only since I quit that I can't seem to break free of this. 

I've read it can take months or longer for your brain to heal and depression/anxiety to relent. But I wouldn't know. I have no one to talk with about what the process is like. Google seems to think you'll be fine after 10 days or a few weeks. Bullshit. That's like saying you'll be fine after breaking up with a SO of years within a few weeks.

I do have my moments of feeling better but it really feels like it's 2 steps forward 1 step back and I can't see the end. I'll keep on but I'd love to know if anyone else is in this spot or was in this spot. Thanks.