Day 5 of the patch, I woke up happier than I’ve been in years.

The past four days sucked, absolutely garbage. I was angry, anxious, and above all else a fucking mess. Last night I sat out on my balcony listening to Warren Zevon and I started to cry. I mean all our bawl. I haven’t cried in years. I’ve been in a terrible depression for a long time and have been dealing with some intense loneliness the past year. I have a lot of friends, but they’re all so busy and we rarely see each other. I was looking forward to D&amp;D which was supposed to be last night, but someone had to cancel. 

I had this feeling of desperation and hopelessness. I felt more alone than I ever had in my entire life. I decided to go out around midnight and take a walk to the park. I laid down in the grass and looked at the stars and remembered the carefree days of my childhood sneaking out in the middle of the night with my friends. As I looked up at the stars all I wanted was a cigarette. But somehow I resisted. 

I got back home, went out on my balcony, and started playing the discography of Warren Zevon. He’s one of my favorite musicians but I never listen to him anymore because he was my ex girlfriends and mines favorite musician. We bonded over him, and ever since it had been so hard to listen. 

I started crying, hard, and for the first time in my life I doubted whether or not I wanted to live. I was actually considering suicide, I just didn’t want to live. 

I texted my best friend a text I have never sent anyone before. I texted him “I need help.” It was 1 in the morning, and he came over. We talked for a few hours, he told me that no matter how alone I feel that there are so many people that cared about me. He knew that I’ve had problems with addiction since I was a high schooler. I was an alcoholic, a drug addict, and most recently a heroin addict. I quit heroin earlier this year but smoking was the last thing I held onto it. I didn’t know if I could give it up. But he told me “we all love you, and we’d hate ourselves if something happened to you. He didn’t know how bad I’ve been this past year, so I opened up to him. I poured out my fucking heart and soul more than I ever have before. Eventually I decided I wanted to sleep, and he told me “if you ever need anything, just know you have so many people willing to help you.” I begrudgingly said okay, and went to bed. 

Today I woke up and I felt... fine. I felt better than fine. I felt great. For the first time in years I felt what it’s like to be happy without the aid of drugs, alcohol, or smoking. I went out of my apartment and went to the grocery store, I talked with the cute girl at the checkout and even made her laugh. I felt like a new man. 

I know this feeling will fade, but I also know what it’s like to be happy, and most of all I know that it’s possible to be happy. And the best part of it? I haven’t even had a craving for a smoke. 