1 month! I think I found the right mindset.

I smoked a good portion of my adult life. Started at 17, smoked for 12 years. Never really thought of it as an issue, not until a few years back.

First I started feeling more and more ashamed of my smoking around friends and relatives. Not many of them smoke. I realized I didn't want to be identified as a smoker. It is not who I am. Didn't feel good in my body either because of the smoking. 

Me and my wife have tried to quit a few times during these past few years. The first few days to the first weeks have always been the worst times, but we pushed through a couple of times and realized that quitting wasn't so bad afterall. Still, the urge to have a smoke rose every single time. A sunny summer day on terrace with a cold beer. Couldn't resist. Relapsed once more, feeling more and more ashamed.

It's been one month now since we quit. This time it feels different. For me at least, it seems like the most important thing is to get everyday life somewhat sorted out. Doing my best to reduce stress at work, excersing more, eating better. All that stuff. I soon noticed that the happier I felt in my body and in my everyday surroundings, the less I craved for a cigarette. This combined with thoughts of smoking being toxic for my only human body, made quitting really click for me. However, I'm aware that a single drag would most likely be a grave mistake. So even if I'm feeling good and confident, I can't let my guard down.

This is of course my own experience and I understand well that our lives are very very varied and different. So for someone "improving the surroundings and life in general" might not be easy tasks right this moment. But because it seems to be working for me I encourage it. Even if it's the smallest little habit you pick up that makes you happier. Looking back, I feel like I've been patching something with smoking. Not happy with something, have a smoke and all is well again. That's how it was. Sort of a twisted therapy. Now that I'm more comfortable being "me" I dont need the smoke to tell me that everything is ok.

If I can do it, you can too! Not an easy road, but we'll stay strong. The payoff is totally worth it.