As I read through Alan Carr there were a couple sentences that stuck with me. I reread them sometimes if I'm feeling tempted. Maybe they will help you

Cigarettes.

The truth is that cigarettes tend to increase boredom indirectly because they make you feel lethargic, and instead of undertaking some energetic activity smokers tend to lounge around, bored, relieving their withdrawal pangs.

The moment you stop smoking, everything that goes wrong in your life is blamed on the fact that you've stopped smoking. Now when you have a mental block, instead of just getting on with it you start to say, 'If only I could light up now, it would solve my problem.' You then start to question your decision to quit smoking.

Start watching smokers, particularly when they are not allowed to smoke. You' ll find that they have their hands near their mouths, or they are twiddling their thumbs, or tapping their feet, or fiddling with their hair, or clenching their jaw, Smokers aren't relaxed. They've forgotten what it feels like to be completely relaxed. That's one of the many joys you have to come.

The beautiful truth is - there is nothing to give up. Once you purge that little monster from your body and the brainwashing from your mind, you will neither want cigarettes nor need them

Why did I kid myself I needed to smoke? If only I had the chance to go back!'

You do not need to envy casual smokers. You do not need to smoke. Life is infinitely sweeter without cigarettes.

Remember you aren't giving anything up. On the contrary: you are about to receive marvelous positive gains

 Get it quite clear in your head: you don't need the cigarette, and you are only torturing yourself by continuing to regard it as some sort of prop or boost.

At a weak moment or during a social occasion somebody will light up. I have already dealt with this topic at length. Use that moment to remind yourself that there is no such thing as one cigarette. Rejoice in the fact that you have broken the chain. Remember that the smoker envies you, and feel sorry for him. Believe me, he needs your pity.