Day One- I'm completely Terrified.

Hello! I've never posted here before. In fact, I've only ever tried to quit smoking once before a few years ago and was wildly unsuccessful. I'm currently experiencing some intense cravings, am at the point of tears, and decided that I should at least try to post here instead of running outside and chain smoking like my mind is telling me. 


I'm 28, and have been smoking close to a pack a day for 8 years. I've been wanting to quit for a while but have always had some excuse- heartbreak, depression etc, and cigarettes have always been a comfort to me. The past two days I've been incredibly sick. I've been lying in bed and coughing incessantly. Due to my cold, I've only smoked two cigarettes in the past two days. Last night I reached some kind of breaking point. I think due to my body being in pain, and probably not having smoked during the day, I cried myself to sleep and felt worse than I have in months. 


I decided I should really use this opportunity to be kind to my body and kick the habit completely since I'm already practically two days in and I can't feel any worse than I did last night. The trouble is- I'm really struggling. I feel that I'm recovering from the cold now and I just want to leave the house and have a cigarette. I feel like I need to do something... I have all this nervous energy and anxiety and I don't know what to do. I don't really have anyone to talk to and I'm scared I'm going to cave. I'm also starting to have this horrible sinking feeling that without cigarettes I have nothing to look forward to... I know that sounds dramatic and extremely pathetic, and sad... but the thought of having a cigarette always got me up in the morning. I don't really know what to do. This seems like a great community so if anyone has any advice on how to get through the first week... or anything really... I would really appreciate it. I'm scared I'm going to let my emotions get the better of me... I had this great moment of motivation that is being constantly eclipsed by anxiety and desperation. 