I'm FREE!

I started smoking at the age of 12 - a couple of friends and I thought we'd experiment. Little did I know that I'd be caught in a sticky, nicotine stained web for 23 years.

I tried numerous times to "give up" the disgusting act, but failed. Every. Single. Time. 

The longest I ever went without smoking was 6mths: I was on NRT, but my skin reacted badly to the adhesive on the patches with lower nicotine content. I tried to go on my own for bit, but eventually caved. The entire time I was miserable, and missed cigarettes.

I tried Champix (Chantix) - I was nauseous every time I took one of the tablets, so it didn't last long - I just couldn't complete the course.

Oh, and I tried the "willpower method" a few times. Those just lasted a few hours!

About a year ago I heard about Allen Carr's Easy Way, and downloaded the audio book. I never listened to it. I thought "I'll get round to it someday". That day, thankfully, came last Thursday. I made the decision to stop smoking. I listened to most of it, but stumbled across the condensed 1-hour version, and started watching that instead (short attention span!) - I was almost convinced I'd done it, but started self-doubting, and smoked again about 12 hours later. Something obviously hadn't stuck. I tried again on the Saturday evening. This time, I listened to the entire audio book, and read the e-book - I had ignored the instruction to not stop until I'd completed it, the first time. I made it to the evening of the second day, and just couldn't handle the withdrawal - I didn't want to smoke, but felt that if I didn't, I'd lose my mind.

It bugged me. I wanted to stop badly, but just couldn't. I searched on the internet for reasons why I'd failed, and how to avoid future failure - and I somehow came across this subreddit. And I'm glad I did: the posts here have motivated me to make one final push. I watched the video again having already laid the foundation last week after listening to and reading Allen Carr's book. Somehow, and quite strangely, the previous failures have made me stronger and more determined.

And now I've finally done it! I'm now officially a NON-SMOKER! I'm FREE! :)