I just started smoking

Hi you guys, throwaway here. Before anything please understand that I am by no means patronizing you or belittling what you guys are going through. I'll walk you through what happened.

So I was down a bit two weeks ago and was with weed smoking bros just hanging out. They went away and it was me and the pongs, pipes, joints the whole set. My curiosity got the best of me and I piped some Norwegian tobacco, and it burned like hell. 

I liked the buzz (head rush) and thought I found the dragon and I piped for like three or four times after it and then maybe 8 times total in that first week. I told myself I liked the taste but even then I'm not sure about it.

 Then I tried some marijuana and I had to mix that some of the tobacco 60/40 and then smoked about three pipes. I did think the the nicotine head rush was me getting high but boy was I wrong and was the first dragon just mantis.

Anyhow, that was my first week, my second I told myself since I had abstained from any drugs (heck never even tried alcohol or cigarettes) I'd try everything I've been dying to try:
1 Cigarettes: taste horrible and I forced myself to finish it.

About 30 puffs of E-cig 12 mg nic: tasted great, barely burnt and just playing with the smoke.

A 35 min long session of hookah: tasted meh, the smoke was cool, but the set-up and cost not worth it.

I usually don't inhale because I know it's more dangerous and honestly I realized a while ago that the rush isn't even worth it. Up until this point I used to think that I was experimenting, but I honestly think that I might be on the verge of picking up a very terrible habit, because from my preliminary research that it could take couple of cigs to get hooked and you could crave for it for years, but I really don't know what to believe. So the questions:

Am I actually addicted?

Have I caused an irreversible permanent damage, either to my organs or my brain receptors?

Is there a vape that has just water vapor (no juice) so I could just play with it. I read that 0 nic e-cig still has traces and could get you hooked.

Again I really want to reiterate that I'm not making fun of you guys. I really don't want to start something I know is not right for me. 