Please Help Me... Serotonin flux???

Up until today I've been doing good, feeling random cravings of varying intensities and intervals that I could 'think away' using Allen Carr's way of thinking. 

Something is different today. I feel such emptiness and lonliness. I ate a good breakfast but then have not desired to eat all day (It's 5:30PM here.) And I know that I NEED to eat something, for blood sugar stability and all sorts of things. But putting food in my mouth makes me nauseous and feels like I need a ton of water just to get it the tiniest bit down.

I've been feeling lonely and mopey one minute, to anxious, can't sit still the next, then suddenly so, so sad that I'm crying b/c it feels good to let it out.

I even had the ridiculous thought that 'so what if I smoked again and it shortened my life... why would I want extra days to feel THIS way?' I simply cannot conjure 'Joy' and even tho I have  experienced it many times, I can NOT call up what that feels like, hence I can imagine no end to the dark place I am in. It is really distressing and somewhat frightening.

I know it is the nicotine monster talking. I know I would not enjoy a cigarette, plus smoking would not stop the cycle of nicotine craving that is at the root of this misery.

It was pouring down rain, so I could not get out and take a walk for most of the day. When it finally stopped, a walk helped a LITTLE.

UPDATE: Minutes after I wrote this, my son came by. He gave me a hug. He listened to me. I told him the nicotine mood-effects I was experiencing. He hugged me again and said it was all temporary, and it would get better.

Suddenly, I started feeling hungry. Then I realized I didn't feel anxious or gloomy for the first time all day. We ate a meal together. It's now 2.5 hrs later, he's gone home and I'm still calm. I love that young man and his healing hug.

Some years ago I heard that people need 5 hugs a day for optimum health. I know it sounds cheesy, but listen to me. I think it raised my serotonin levels enough to pull me out of a dark place. This helped get my appetite back, which of course led to normal blood sugar levels.

Can anyone help me process what happened to me and how to not get there again?

Sorry so long.