Day 3, feeling pretty good, using interesting combo of tools

Hey people!  Glad to be back on the wagon... I have a little over 72 hours smoke-free... 17-years on, 8-years off, then the last 16 months on, except for February.  So technically, being off for February, I'm only trying to break a 3-month habit.

I'm lucky to have had very little physical craving after 12-15/a-day, but mentally there's sort of an underlying malaise, or unease, haha.  To be expected!  :D

I had an epiphany the other day:  the very best I can do, is bring every fiber of my strength and being, to meet the battle of JUST the next craving.  No thought for getting a day done, no thought for getting a month or a year, no thought for quitting forever.  ONLY the next craving... which MUST be overcome, no questions asked, non-negotiable.  It's not asking for alot.  It's only one craving.  And when I get through that craving, my only goal is to get through the next craving.  The next craving is the mountain I die on, where I rise up and give it everything I've got.

And so far, this "next craving" idea has given me 3 days. 

My other tools:  

As the craving/temptation happens, I pray unceasingly to a god I don't believe in, to get me through it.

Plus, a few times a day, I read a list I wrote of 50 items of why smoking is bad for me, and the reverse list of 50 items, why not-smoking is good for me...

I've been gradually adding things to the list, as they occur to me... things like, "Run out of laundry money, run out of food money"... ect ect  -- And on the good list, would be the opposite:  "Have money all the time for laundry, have money all the time for food"

And here's a novel thing I did the other day:  I recorded myself on my phone reading those lists, then I copied them to my desktop, and played them on loop when I went to bed.  I probably heard it a couple hundred times through the night, haha.  I think it should help to burn in and rewire the "bad" of smoking and the "good" of not-smoking.

So one craving at a time, using these tools, I think I have a really good chance at chalking up some time and getting free, getting back to normal, like when I had 8 years not too long ago.

Good luck everyone!