I vaped for 6 months, why is it so hard to quit?

I decided that I should quit when I ran out of nic juice and didn't have the funds to buy more. But god damn, is it hard. I used to fall asleep and wake up holding the thing. The specific shape/texture of the vape is comforting to me. I still feel like there's an empty spot in my pocket when I leave the house without it. I used to hit it even when it was empty, because it was comforting anyways. Watching ads for cigarettes/vapes now pisses me off and makes my mouth water simultaneously :/


It's been a few weeks and I'm only just feeling it really leave my system. In the form of brown phlegm, anyways. Way more has come out than I even thought was possible tbh. I think smoking weed knocked it loose or something. I can tell by how I cough that there's definitely still some in there, which is great, because it tastes fantastic coming out. Definitely not gonna make me dry-heave later when I spit it in the toilet. Or, sometimes it's just not ready to come out (regardless of how much I cough/tilt forward), so I have to swallow it again. Am I right, everyone? Or am I the only psycho who's swallowed resin-snot? That's not getting into how angry, nauseous, and restless quitting's made me, either. You definitely pay for the high later, lol.


So, I'm preaching to the choir here, but don't uhhh... Don't do nicotine. It's not vodka or weed, it's not a party drug. It's not social. My friend got me to try it when I was crossed; honestly, the headrush was fantastic. I would take a hit and basically be unable to stand for 15 minutes. Am I the only one who also got chills? Fullbody chills, and I couldn't speak or think properly for a few seconds to minutes at a time. The headrush stayed good + long when I smoked cigarettes (at first). The first time I smoked 2 cigarettes in a row, I vomited. Towards the end of the 6 months, I could count the amount of hits in a row I would have to take before I even felt sick (throwing up didn't dissuade me from smoking anymore). My last record? 60. 60 damn hits in a row, long hits, like breathing, before I started to feel queasy. I'd burn through a pod and a half a day sometimes. It's also the only drug I've really, desperately used. I'm lucky in that regard, I guess. The amount of nicotine I've outright stolen is ridiculous. I don't like stealing, I was just broke and desperate. 


Don't even try it tbh. Everyone I know who's "tried" nicotine either uses it regularly or has since had to quit. It'll give you cancer, asshole. Sorry, that line was more for me than anyone else. 



Tl;DR: Nicotine is icky and you shouldn't touch it.