Why I stopped (I'm no quitter)

 G'day fellow addicts!

This may be a long meandering post, so good on you if you make it through this whole thing.

On Easter Sunday of this year, I had my last smoke. I don't know that it will be the last cigarette I ever have, but that's the idea. 

A very close friend of mine had been sick. He was in fact a mentor of mine of sorts. His illness was unrelated to complications from smoking. He had kidney failure, and concerns with his heart after having several minor heart attacks that he was unaware of... Ultimately culminating in a quadruple bypass being necessary (originally scheduled as a double, however ... As it goes... Once they are in... It's a whole new game).

We worked together for years, In different departments. He eventually needed to go on sick leave, then take an early retirement, and a disability pension package. 

His wife smoked. I smoked. When we all learned of his health concerns we smoked outside. At this point, I'd like to give a nod to fellow Canadians who brave to winter elements for a cigarette. You get creative In 45° below, eh?

His health deteriorated rather quickly... He and I spoke often at length about his concerns for his wife's health. She had no complications from smoking that we were aware of (even now), but my buddy... Always worried about others. 

He and I share one health concern. We are both diabetics. He didnt take care of himself as he should have, for years, which led to his kidney failure, dialysis, and ultimately his being not considered a viable candidate for transplant. 

He would speak to me about how I should quit. He didn't nag or pester. He didn't give me shit when he'd see me smoking.... As his health got worse... He sometimes says 'why chance anything and wind up like me'? And of course, I got it... But I'm an addict... Excuses.... I'm an insufferable prick when I don't have a smoke... I'd joke about needing somebody to bail me out of jail if I were going to quit... And we would laugh. He got it. I wasn't ready.

In the past, I had stopped for periods, a month, once for ten months. Always regretted starting up again. It was always a stupid reason, careless... Out with friends having a beer... I would think about that from time to time.

I was at the doctors a year ago and he of course started on the quit smoking trip. Healthier numbers, increase overall efficiency of body's systems... And I didn't blow that off... I but still... Had my excuses. I could still run up and down the stairs without getting winded after being a smoker for over half my life. I had not developed the cough, or the morning routine with needing to clear my throat. 

And then? I started getting headaches. Sinusitis. More so the headaches than anything. Terrible headaches at that. I learned over the course of a few months that it was definitely associated with smoking... Maybe not enough oxygen? Maybe too many pollutants? Shit, nicotine overdose?

Still... I persisted. I cut back a bit, stopped chain smoking, and spread them out a bit more my smoke breaks. 

And then, in March? I just... Caved. I got tired of it all. The bs involved In having to go for a smoke. By this point my friend had been in the hospital more frequently. Wanting a smoke meant leaving the entire property of the hospital. I kid you not, a half hour venture all told. Factor in getting coffee? I'm looking at almost an hour I'm not with my Buddy. 

I don't know how many of you were hardcore smokers... But after that much time... You're damned near ready to have another one by the time you're done that whole ordeal. 

And the defensiveness? People you don't know harassing you about smoking... I was following the rules, moving to the black lung zones... Oh but that did t matter... Still a dirty smoker. People would occasionally say things and it would piss me off... But? Why go there... Let it roll off my back. Have a smoke and calm down.

It was tiresome. And I found myself going in a circle. Smoke. Get upset about smoking and things associated. Have a smoke to calm down. It was ridiculous. 

So, I had half a carton left. It was about the time I started getting anxious for more smokes. Can't be without, right? And I decided... No. I'm going to just see how it goes. If I really need one, I'll go and pick up a pack. And I'll make that stretch.

I ran out of good Friday. I bought a pack. Sunday night I ran out. Monday morning, I didn't have the same urge, though it was still there... I took a walk up to the pharmacy. Picked up some nicotine lozenges. Tried those.

Terrible. But? For me? Effective. The nicfit was slayed. 

So I made it through a day. Tuesday was difficult at work, but I made it... Lozenges. Those damned things. I am positive I had way more that what was advisable. 4mg even. Apparently they are somewhat harder to find. 

I booked off Wednesday sick because... Moody. 
In fact I believe I slept most of the day. I'm not ashamed to admit I did that for Thursday and Friday as well, using lieu time, instead of sick.

When my friend noticed I wasnt going out for smokes, he asked uncomfortably if I had run out. He suggested I go grab a pack from his wife. 'No' I said 'I think I stopped... I haven't had one since Sunday night'. You all should have seen the guy light up (no pun intended). He was freakin excited! Proud!

I suppose I should elaborate.. We are both mental health and addictions workers. Yeah..... I know... An addiction is an addiction.

I tried to not let it be too much of a big deal. I knew I would get worked up about it and maybe want a smoke to cope. He did t go further with it and I changed the subject. 

Anyone who knew me, knows how attached I am to my smokes. It was a part of my character. A part of how people identified me. In the following days he had a lot of fun talking with mutual friends and letting them know 'x quit! I know, right?'.

It was amusing... He was having a blast with it. The jokes, and the laughter... I let him have that.

Few days later... He got up in the morning, unhooked his home dialysis, went to get himself a coffee, and he felt weak. He sat down. Then layer down. He called out to his wife, I'm told, and asked for an ambulance. 

I was at home having my own coffee at about 9:15 almost two weeks after I had my last smoke, when his wife called me in tears. He died. 
Heart attack. He was stabilized in the ambulance, and conscious when they left. They worked on him for half an hour, but they were not able to keep him stable. He was gone. I rushed to the hospital, and was there for his family. Doing what I could.

Naturally I wanted to smoke. Hell I was being offered smokes all day. I was standing with them while they smoked... All those temptations. Too caught up in my shit to really notice... I was pooping those lozenges though one after another.

After the service, I stopped the lozenges. 

When I made a post in another sub referencing my not smoking in a month, it was suggested I come here and get a badge... I wasn't even aware this place was .. A place. When I sent in the first day I was smoke free ('quit date') I realized then it was really nearly a month and a half! 

I stopped tracking days because I was getting anxious and thinking 'ok, one week, we'll see...' 'Ten days... Well see' and I found it was ... Like a negative self talk. So, rather than change it I asked myself why I cared about how long... And I realized I didn't. What was important was I stopped. 

I still want a smoke. I think to myself sometimes... 'You know what would be good right now? A smoke'. And then I think about my buddy who's now passed on and how damn excited and proud he was that I stopped... And I think to myself... If it was just for me? Yeah I'd probably light up.... But hanging on to *that* memory of him ... I would spoil that if I smoked. It wouldn't make the memory go away, but the feelings associated might fade.

And that my fellow addicts... Is my story. That's how and why I stopped. I'll always always consider myself a smoker... Just one who stopped.

Thanks for reading this all. Good luck to you all.