Approaching two months and feeling pretty down

I started smoking when I was 12 years old (Im 27 now) and smoked a pack a day pretty much from that point on.  I quit almost two months ago cold turkey.  I've tried to quit lots of times and never gotten past a few days, this time I managed to stick with it and haven't cheated once, not even a puff in 56 days.  My problem is that after all this time, I still want to smoke.  I've managed to not give in through all kinds of things I thought would break me: drinking, first long road trip, christmas, some pretty stressful events including putting the car off the road and having no electricity over Christmas, so I CAN say no.  And I have.  


I just don't feel any joy in not smoking.  I never had any real negative health effects.  People talk about getting rid of a smokers cough or breathing better, but I never had either of those issues.  People talk about feeling proud of themselves for stopping, but I don't feel that.  Just a constant sadness and feeling of loss.  I don't find really anything enjoyable anymore.  I don't want to go out or do anything.  I don't want to see my friends.  I've gained about 10 lbs.  I've completely lost my sex drive (I think my fiance and I have literally had sex twice since I quit).  Im constantly tired and just want to sleep all the time.    I'm completely unproductive and get nothing done.  I'm snappy with everyone.  I cry at the drop of a hat. 


I have a ton of things in my life to be happy about... bought my first house about 6 mths ago, two cars in the driveway, a beautiful little girl, my boyfriend proposed to me about 2 weeks ago, but I find no joy in it.  I don't like the person I've become.  Did anyone else have problem finding any reason to stay quit?  Its really not hard to say no to cigarettes.  I don't find myself tempted, even when no one is around or I have easy opportunties to cheat.  I know that cigarettes don't make you happy and its just my brain tricking me and blah blah blah.  But not smoking is the only thing I've changed. And I am MISERABLE.  I mean, there has to come a point where I see some benefit for all this suffering?!