What has worked for me so far

I've quit at least forty times, been smoking since I was 18 and now I'm 23. I haven't told anyone that I quit because they just laugh now, I usually relapse-but thus time I feel absolutely ready to be a non smoker. It has been part of my routine for everything I do day or night. It made getting out of bed easier, going to work easier, visiting my family easier and it made socializing easier. It's a moment to get away from everything for about five minutes-it's a break. I've quit for 4 days, the longest I've quit was only 14 days. I've been doing things a little differently this time and I feel that I will never go back, but there is always that fear of breaking down and just buying a pack. And sometimes the thrill of the quit slowly goes away after a few days smoke free, so I smoke again. Here's a few things I've been doing this time around : 
1.) I turned those "smoke breaks" into just "breaks." If I would have a smoke after folding all the laundry, I would just go sit for a few minutes without a cigarette and just relax. Play with my phone or read, whatever you enjoy doing. If I have a craving I just sit and treat myself to some time to myself in any situation. Meditation is helpful also. We're healing and we need to just take a few moments to relax because we deserve it. 

2.) I've always had the smoke free app throughout all my quitting journeys, and it really helps. When I get a craving I open it up and mess around on all the pages then I do something else to distract me. 

3.) It might sound weird but watching youtube videos or just reading about what smoking does to your body helps me remember why I quit. Not the ones that feel like scary propaganda, but the informative videos and articles. Because in the middle of a craving it's easy to forget why I quit and something visual can help remind me. 

4.) I changed my diet. Eating more vegetables and fruits(and working out) is easier now that I don't smoke. I used to think there was no point to eating well on some days because I smoked so...what's the point? Now I can really feel the benefits of all the nutrients in different foods because I don't smoke. It's like an experience now. 

5.) The past few days I haven't been talking to anyone except for my husband. Usually I answer to everyone and do a lot of favors for people but I've tried to keep to myself for the most part besides going into work. Cutting off everyone around you just for a few days can work wonders, we need to just focus on ourselves right now. I've realized this time around that I need to put myself first at this stage of stopping smoking. 

6.) Gum and candy are really helpful. Sometimes it feels good going into a convenience store and just getting a little pack of candy I stead of cigarettes. I walk out feeling great everyone. 

7.) I calculated how much money my husband and I were spending a month-it's about $400!! We have been living paycheck to paycheck and now I've realized why...durr! 

8.) Simply put, I keep myself busy. Cigarettes don't relieve stress they just relieve withdrawal symptoms. So every waking moment is just a withdrawal symptom. I can literally feel my heart beating faster when I smoke. That's no way to live. Now I pay attention to the nature around me, pick up more books to read and clean and organize a lot more. It's made me more productive and that feels better that treating myself like worthless shit. I feel like if I can quit I can do anything I want! It's a confidence booster for sure. When I would smoke all day and go to bed I would feel guilty, and it's nice to sleep soundly knowing I've achieved another day without smoking. Thinking about that moment has gotten me through some cravings.