Day 3. Cravings are really bad right now, but I'll stay strong. Looking for concentration tips.

I've smoked for about 4 years, pretty much a pack a day. Terrible waste of money. Anyway, this will be my final quitting attempt. I won't even see it as an attempt, I've quit smoking. Tired of having such a filthy habit - I started to feel very conscious and embarrassed about having to go out to buy more smokes all the time. All that's behind me now. I'm tired of smelling bad, of being a slave to this useless drug, of having to walk out every time to openly feed that addiction. Tired of the shame. Tired of the money drain. Tired of physically feeling terrible and mentally anxious all the time. Also not giving myself lung cancer is nice I guess. 

I'm only in day 3 but some things are starting to feel better. More energy, my body doesn't feel quite like a wreck, and I feel like I actually sleep better now, although getting up is pretty hard. 

Some problems that I would love some advice on though. The cravings are really annoyingly bad right now. I'm not at risk of going out to buy more smokes - I simply won't let myself do that anymore, my mind is made up about that. But the feeling still sucks, and I actually have work to do (I'm giving my entire life a bit of a cleanup and stopping smoking is only part of it - I've stagnated/haven't taken the best care of myself in some aspects, and I wasn't quite happy where I was). That comes with some anxiety (which would be there anyway, even without the smoking thing), and the withdrawals only make that worse. Right now, the last three days I was in a mental fog. Just can't concentrate on anything. Not on work, not on tv shows, not on reading. If I'm not thinking about smoking I'm just anxious about the milliion things that need improving in my life. There's this constant dizziness/slightly unfocused vision/headache all the time as well. Kinda like a very weird high. 

Any way, anyone have any tips to at least combat the dizziness and concentration problems? The rest will be fine - I know it's just a matter of time really, but I've just been totally unable to do anything productive. I feel like I've finally found the energy and motivation to fix my life up a little bit, so it'd be nice if my head would start cooperating soon. 

Edit: Just to add: I'm already drinking a lot of water and I'm eating healthy (part of my life level up thing). I want to start exercising (running) tonight or tomorrow morning, depending on some timing things. Still, the dizziness/unfocused mind is very overpowering.  