You don’t need encouragement, just listen to your body.

 At the risk of sounding arrogant or audacious, I feel I need to say through personal experience, that all you need is to listen to your body and follow your gut. 

Your body will tell you everything you need to know, and what you need to do. I’m an addict of over twenty years, and today has been exactly 45 days since I last puffed on a cancer stick. I had tried quitting many times before, but this time was different. I knew from day one that I was done with it forever. 

From the outside, I look quite healthy and vibrant; everyone says I look much younger than my age. I’m active, talkative and full of life. Yet, I had been feeling the long term effects of smoking for years now, and could feel my life, my mental and physical health, slowly slipping away. 

The weekend I quit followed a business trip lasting three days. I had the flu throughout my trip, and following daytime activities and responsibilities, evenings saw me hit the sack and sleep twelve straight hours till dawn, the next day. I felt exhausted each and every single day, and had absolutely no energy for any extra curricular activity. I told my colleagues I was sick and that’s why I couldn’t join them for a night out on the town, but fact was, deep down inside, I knew it wouldn’t have been this bad had I not been smoking. I could barely breath, with my congested lungs and constant wheezing making it excruciatingly difficult (I also have asthma mind you). 

I would wake up each morning, gasping for air, yet I’d find myself sucking on a stick after my first coffee, followed by a few more until noon. Each puff would go down slowly, it would hurt and I could feel it suffocating my lungs and my whole body. 

But as I said, the long term signs of physical degradation had been there for a while. My shins had been itching constantly for a good four to five years (I'm guessing this had something to do with dry skin and lack of blood flow), and they were in a state of imminent tear due to me scratching them, day and night. The itching would intensify more the nights I had a few to drink, hinting at liver problems as well. One or two nights of drinking was never a problem (and I'm not a heavy drinker mind you, I average 3-4 drinks per night when I go out) but a third night of drinking would result in me having heartburn for a few days and my shins being torn apart from me scratching them the whole day. Oddly enough, drinking after I quit smoking does not cause the same side effects.

I constantly felt exhausted, lethargic, and immobile for the last year-I had gained weight and felt unhealthy. Needless to say, smoking made me edgy, high strung, and extremely impatient towards everyone in my life, including my children. My life evolved around the cigarette, when I needed my next fix and how I would orchestrate a quick escape to step out and grab a puff. I would wake up and calculate when my first cigarette would be, and then begin thinking about the second one afterwards….

I would wake up at least 3-4 times a night, wheezing and feeling as if I couldn't breath. What's more, I felt exhausted and cranky as soon as I opened my eyes in the mornings.

During my trip, I realized that I just couldn’t do this anymore. It wasn’t even a battle for me at that point, it was a simple necessity. I was to either change something, or watch as my health withered away from my own doing. So I had my last smoke as I was walking down the street returning back from my trip, and that’s all she wrote. 

I haven’t (mentally) desired a cigarette since. 

Sure, I’ve felt the emptiness and confusion left behind from having to fill a void previously occupied by a twenty-year habit (let’s call it what it is: an addiction). And I still do feel empty inside at times. It’s an odd feeling, as if something’s missing and nothing you do can fill that void. Nevertheless, I know that smoking will not solve a single issue, nor will it help me fill the void it left behind. Because once I smoke, that monster inside will be demanding more and more, and will not stop until it depletes my finances and rips apart my health. It will be bugging me to my grave, if I let it.  

Smoking is the biggest cognitive dissonance mankind has ever experienced; we want to believe it helps us cope with stress or helps us concentrate, gives us a feeling of joy or calms our nerves…. But fact of the matter is, it does exactly the opposite of what we want to think it provides us with. It’s a Stockholm syndrome of sorts; one of the biggest lies we’ve ever believed in.

Everyone has their time I guess, I know it’s not easy taking that final step… Took me 20 years and many attempts; but this time I feel as if it’s permanent. I feel like I don’t ever want that conniving, deceitful, oxygen blocking, lung demolishing bastard in my life again. 

I didn’t need motivation. I simply needed to listen to my body and be honest with myself. 

I have since come to enjoy being smoke free and love the life I have without the cancer stick, because it’s amazing. I can now run around with my kids and keep up with them, or skate with them without being short of breath. I can run on the treadmill and not worry about how horrible my lungs will feel from having to breath in so deep. I can concentrate much better and for longer periods now, and really get work done at a faster pace, with no distractions.  And  let me tell you, it’s an amazing feeling, one that no cigarette can ever replace. 

And about my shins: they’ve recovered and  haven’t itched since I quit smoking.

&amp;#x200B;