The last 110 days have been very interesting.

This story begins with a breakup between me and a girl before it ever got official. I don't care for the word "official" or boyfriend & girlfriend. But I felt like we were plateauing after two months of simply dating and I tried to push it a little. She didn't want anything more and kinda shriveled out of my life. 

No disrespect to her, she wasn't anything special. Not super attractive but not ugly either. Wasn't thin, but you couldn't call her chubby neither. She was your most average of people physically and socially. Yet she rejected me. Rather than mope about how much of a bitch she was, I decided to reanalyze myself with all the brutal honesty I could ditch out. 

I realized that she may be average, but in the scheme of life, I would rate myself as below average. I'll spare you all the details that led me to this analysis, but I decided to tackle the things that I could effectively change. This is when I challenged myself to change the path I was embarking on and get back on the right track to success. 

I wasn't going to become successful in 90 days but I challenged myself to stay the course.

This was my 90 days goal:

- Diet & Exercise to an aesthetically acceptable image.

- Get more serious about my studies.

- Quit smoking. At this point I smoked 2 packs of Parliament Silver Blue a day consecutively for more than two weeks.

- Meet and start talking to another girl who rates higher than previous girl.

After the first week I went back to smoking. I was stressed from all the goals I've brought upon myself and I caved. What I didn't do was stop dieting, exercising, and studying. For my last goal, I figured nearing the 90 days I'd have had huge improvements and increased confidence to just find another girl.

After a few more days of smoking I decided to give it another shot and failed after day 3. But the next day I tried again and haven't looked back. 

I failed in dieting and exercising after day 11 being tobacco free because I dislocated my shoulder and got depressed I couldn't exercise for the next 2-3 months. First thing my friend offered me after hitting the ground was a cigarette to help ignore the pain. This is an important part of helping me quit that I realized within that moment. I was in so much pain that a cigarette wouldn't have done anything for me, what I needed was to get to the emergency room. All I could think about was how could a cigarette help me, but had I been smoking still I would have taken it. From that day on I **knew** I wouldn't be smoking cigarettes anymore. 

So this is my 90th day and there is a girl, well two, that I'm speaking to and may start dating one of them. My studies have improved but still there is more room for improvement. And my path is leading me to a life much better than the one I was heading into.