2 Weeks!!! Never felt better

Hi Reddit!

http://imgur.com/gallery/x4zNdOJ

I've been smoke free for 2 weeks now and never felt better! I've tried quitting before but this time I didn't struggle at all. I even went out with friends to have a few drinks and didn't even register a craving. Even though my cravings are all gone, I wrote this note for myself for that time when a powerful craving hits me. I thought it may help someone out:

The next time a powerful craving hits you, force yourself to be calm for 10 minutes and think about all this before you have that cigarette. Also when a powerful craving hits you, it blocks you from thinking logically but nevertheless force yourself to be logical for 10 minutes. 

You have two options in such a moment. One is to have that cigarette which will NOT make you feel better, will not solve whatever problem you’re having, and will only feed the nicotine addiction and you’ll end up hating yourself for begin hooked again. Remember that all the past relapses for X years that you've tried quitting have been with just 1 cigarette. 

The other option will make you feel instantly better. Realize that you don’t have to smoke that cigarette to feel better just like a non-smoker. Isn’t it wonderful that you don’t need to smoke at all to feel better? This powerful craving you have is just nicotine addiction and will pass before you know it. You don’t enjoy smoking…remember the time when you were smoking and how awful and filthy it was to have your chest filled with smoke and tar. You can either mope about not having to smoke or rejoice that you’re not a slave anymore. Think about all the past relapses of X years and how terrible you felt after having that 1 cigarette. Also think about the future which is going to be long and bright if you don’t smoke. Think about all the stress and anxiety that smoking has brought you over these years. Think about how much you’ve been set back in life just because you were smoking. Think about how smoking made you worry all the time. Think about all the money you’ve saved since you quit smoking. Just remember that you don’t enjoy smoking and this doesn’t have to be painful and you can make yourself feel much better instantly by just thinking logically. You’re not missing anything or giving anything up by not smoking. 

You’re a non-smoker and non-smokers don’t have to smoke to feel good. Just take some deep breaths and there’s nothing to worry about or give up.

--
Cheers!
