Planning my way out

I know that setting up a future date for quitting will probably be seen as a bad move in general, but right now I’m dealing with another addiction, gaming. I’ve played my last videogame almost 50 days ago so I’m close to the 90 days mark, the end of my “detox”. I decided to quit gaming as a way of improving my life, and I made it very clear that after gaming, smoking was next on the list. I didn’t want to deal with both at once, I felt it would be too much and I would have a higher chance of failing. Now I’m posting here because I want to be ready when the time comes.
My story:
I’m 23, and I started smoking at 17. I wanted to emulate the person that back then was my gf. I saw her smoking and I wanted to share that moment with her. After the first couple months I already knew that I could not control myself and I would end up on a bad road. Here I am. I don’t want to be a slave of cigarettes. There’s no benefit and a lot to lose: my physical and mental health, my money, and eventually my life.
 I smoke a pack a day. I have trouble studying indoor because knowing that I can’t smoke makes me anxious. I have trouble doing physical exercise (eg running) because my lungs can’t support the effort. I have trouble watching people in the eyes when I talk to them because I don’t want to make them uneasy with my stinky breath. My flatmate hates me because she is a non-smoker and she must tolerate the bad smell every day. I often get sick. I may die. I could list other 100 negative effects of smoking but if you’re reading this you already know the story.
I tried to quit many times. My best result was at 19, I stayed quit for 1 month (but I SMOKED 1 CIGARETTE TO CELEBRATE THE 2 WEEKS MARK LOL). That was my first time trying to quit. I used Carr’s book. It never worked a 2nd time. Other results were 3 days, and less than 1 day on my last try, a year ago.

I smoke 20/30 a day. I roll my own cigarettes, and I make them quite “thin”, so I guess I spend less than other people, but this just makes it harder to quantify exactly how much money I spend on my addiction.

I promised to myself that I would quit smoking after I graduated. That was 2 months ago and I didn’t stop. But since then I have been very committed on changing every aspect of my life, and I am having a lot of success in many different areas. Smoking will be the next step. At least, I will try, and I’ll give it my very best.

Please feel free to give me any advice. I also have some specific questions:
1 How can I calculate how much I spend on rolling tobacco &amp; papers &amp; filters &amp; lighters?
2 I thought I can buy an eCig, but use it only when a friend asks me to smoke together. I almost LIVE in the public library and study with friends and that’s multiple times a day. Also, most of my friends are smokers. I want to use the eCig as an “exit strategy” for those occasions, but not smoke it on my own. Do you agree?
3 If you agree on the vape, with nicotine or nicotine-less?
4 What’s the name of the green app I see you all are using to monitor your progress?
EDIT:
5 Can you name a good “stop smoking” web community where you can write your journals? For Gaming I use Gamequitters’ forum and writing my journal every day is the most helpful thing for staying quit.

Thanks. And good luck to everyone else.
