How much of your thinking and doing is predicated on a conviction that you can’t change?

[William S. Burroughs - The Adding Machine: Selected Essays](https://books.google.com/books?id=84842d5sVowC&pg=PA167&lpg=PA167&dq=%22how+you+stop+smoking%22+william+s+burroughs&source=bl&ots=HAIMtG1FdJ&sig=tj5GiLx1tDaSTCnT-nvGkmXfoHY&hl=en&sa=X&ved=0ahUKEwiCqpaWzLzKAhXFrYMKHeAUAMAQ6AEIHDAA#v=onepage&q=%22how%20you%20stop%20smoking%22%20william%20s%20burroughs&f=false)

It is interesting that tobacco, the most available and widely used of all drugs, should turn out to have the most conclusive mortality statistics. Such statistics on cannabis would undoubtedly be used to justify and continue existing laws, but no one so far has proposed to outlaw the manufacture, sale, and possession of tobacco.

The statistics on tobacco use and lung cancer, though widely publicized, seem to have little effect on smokers, even those of middle age or older who are quite aware of the immediate risk of lung cancer. They know they ought to stop, but they don’t know how to stop. This book, How to Stop Smoking, by Herbert Brean, tells you how. The writer offers a money-back guarantee. “If you don’t give up smoking after reading this book and trying its proven methods, you get your money back.”

I bought this book. I followed the instructions. I stopped smoking– after fifteen years, two packs a day. Previous to reading Brean’s book I had never got beyond a few muddled attempts to ration myself down to one pack a day and never doing it, and was deeply convinced that it was hopeless to try. What magic words in this book enabled me, and many others who had read this book, to stop smoking?

The first step is to be sure you want to stop. Yes, think of everything you like about smoking. If you still want to stop, read on and you will. If you don’t want to stop, turn on another program.

Start thinking about it. Think of it coolly and calmly, without fear of hopelessness. Many others have done it– you can too. Consider the whole idea objectively. Don’t try to make even a tentative resolution. Think about it– that’s all. You can’t change it? It’s like the weather? Take a long cool look at that tobacco weather, and see whether you like it. Look at yourself looking forward to the next cigarette– you get your little treat after you come back from the supermarket, hustling from one cigarette to another from morning till night, don’t own your own hands, always crawling into your pocket and sneaking out another, you don’t even remember smoking another and another until you see the pile of butts in the ashtray, first pack almost gone at three in the afternoon . . . mouth raw, he goes into momentary panic when he finds only three Senior Service left . . . thank God– he finds an untouched pack in a drawer. Cancer sighs with relief from young oat cells need the tar and cyanide and nicotine to live and breathe.

Now just seeing all this without any reaction, from a point of zero cigarettes (you are thinking about stopping), you have already stopped; by reaching the point where you can look at it, a point in future time when you will stop smoking. You want to stop, and you are convinced that you can’t– without even making the attempt, without even considering the attempt? You doubt you could even sit in “Non-Smoking” on a three-hour air trip, and you beat John Wayne to the draw when the no-smoking sign clicks off.

And think about those cancer statistics. Don’t scare yourself, just think about them. Already doctors are talking about an epidemic. Idea for a science fiction novel here: The steady increase in cancer becomes a tidal wave. Accelerated cancer reduces the smoker to a tumor in a few weeks. Tobacco turns out to be a long-range weapon of the Venusians to exterminate the natives. The breed could land by killing or weakening cancer antibodies– they are going to hatch out of the tumors. Don’t scare yourself, just look: You are looking right at cancer. Plop of diseased lung into a bloody trough . . .

“A (cigarette brand) is great after major surgery,” said Doctor Caspar Higgin, after removing a lung from his twin brother.

So you’ve thought about it. Now make a list of everything you don’t like about smoking and carry it around with you. By thinking about it you already have a list. Now pick your time and stop. No cutting down, no rationing: Stop. Do not permit yourself one single exception.

The first day you take it seriously– you might start again tomorrow– but somehow you don’t. By the third day you know you have actually stopped, and that you prefer the way you are now to the way you were when you smoked. Now you see the dreary sordid slavery of tobacco. Why, one respected matron who tried to stop rushed out of her house at midnight in her pajamas, quite mad for cigarettes, cribbing in gutters and ash cans . . . And Oscar Wilde often encountered a young friend on the floor as they both searched the trash for usable butts.

Observing what happens when you stop smoking will tell you a lot about what the actual function of smoking is. For one thing, peopl elight up to cover pain, worry, embarrassment. Remember the advertisements for Murad cigarettes?
“Embarrassing moments . . .” (Her husband returns unexpectedly, etc.)

“Be nonchalant: light a Murad.”

And when the doctor tells you you got oat cell cancer in both lungs, be nonchalant, light a Murad– you might as well.

I see the old smoking Burroughs dim jerky far away in a 1920s comedy where it’s always two in the morning and languid aristocrats yawn out smoke rings. It was put down in the ads as glamorous, a badge of manhood and sophistication. I see it now as a dirty, ruinous, slobbish habit. Smokers of the world, look in the mirror. “These are unsightly tricks”– Dr. Strangelove slaps his creeping hand away from his pocket.

No-smoking rallies could be organized . . .

“Oh I just know I had to stop . . .”

“It came to me real sudden, ‘I don’t have to do that’ . . .”

“I know, I know, I know . . .”

They wallow in congratulatory heaps until attacked by the displaced tobacco workers. But they can run so much faster . . . they scatter laughing gaily. Tobacco posters rot and peel and flap in the wind. Radiant pop stars strip off tobacco plants. The tobacco industry is ruined. Oh, there were a few people who smoked five cigarettes a day– they can grow their own for all the money to be made off them and some cranky old pipe-smokers. It catches on like mad: a whole film is made in which nobody smokes. Soon it is as bad form to flash a cigarette package as a mink stole.

“In their insensate fury they could turn on other products,” a former president of Tobacco Amalgamated warned bluntly. Yes indeed– on a lot of old products. When you stop smoking, all habits are called into question. You begin to take a long cool look at everything you think and do. How much of your thinking and doing is predicated on a conviction that you can’t change? You have just proven to yourself that you can. So why stop with cigarettes? You can give up anything or anybody.