37 Days. My story about what worked and what didn't.

This sub helps me.  Thank you to everyone here.  Nicotine is a powerful mind-altering drug, and it is important that anyone quitting seeks support wherever they can find it.  /r/stopsmoking is a good source of support.

I've lost track of how many times I tried quitting.  I tried a different way each time.  I ignored the obvious answer, and danced around it for many years.  I cut down.  I vaped.  I set up schedules and reward systems.  I went on the drug, the patch, the gum.  Finally my wife pointed out the real 800lb gorilla in the room.  If we were going to stop smoking, we had to do just that.  Stop.  Smoking.

Here are four brain hacks that have helped me begin the process of reprogramming myself as a non-smoker.  

1)  You may have seen me spamming this link around the sub:  http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/16894067  I'm not a molecular biology scientist, but the way I interpret this, there is no point in "cutting down".  Just a few puffs is enough to restart the entire physical addiction.  So if you're down to three smokes a day, congratulations, but you might just be torturing yourself worse than quitting.  I find this both empowering and terrifying.  So I know not to cheat, I know I can't handle "just a little".  Because it only takes that much to start over and have to go through the 72 hours again.  (see #3)

2)  It's not that hard.  Okay, it sucks, and it's really really hard.  It's difficult and yet easy at the same time.  But I never thought I could stop for this long, I honestly thought I would let these f&ckers kill me.  And yet here I am at 36 days.  Don't be scared.  Don't be intimidated.  Think about who has a vested interest in making you think that stopping is nearly impossible.  It's not.  You can do this if you want to.  You are stronger.

3)  After the first three days, it's easier.  Nicotine has a kind of half-life in the body.  After a certain amount of time you have half the nicotine lodged in your nicotinic acetylcholine receptors than you had before.  And half that again after some more time.  After three days, most people have a negligible amount left.  When the last of the nicotine leaves, it's a bit like fish hooks being pulled out of each cell.  Yeah, it feels like hell.  But then that feeling stops.  It stops and doesn't come back.  If you can make it this far, you're past the worst!  So when you decide to quit, plan where you'll be during those three days, it will make a difference.

4)  Research, learn, arm yourself.  You're going to do battle with your own brain.  And it will lie right to your face.  It is a junky.  Treat it like a junky.  It's important to have a strong background of logical weapons ready when your brain says that smoking will make you feel better.  Smoking does not make you feel better, brain.  Smoking just sets you up to feel bad again in an hour.  When the nicotine levels drop again.

5)  I have no number five.  This is all still very new to me, and still hard for me.  It's emotionally difficult.  I feel like I have moved to a new country.  Everything is a little different now.  I am learning new languages and new customs.  I have left an old life behind.  I am still mourning it, and feeling stupid for it.  This whole process is different for everyone.  I hope something I have written here helps someone.

You can do this.  You can.
