On day 5 I almost ruined my relationship & job as the demon addition made me insane

This quitting thing really is a fucking nightmare.

Yesterday, All day at work I snapped and corrected everyone, was rude, lazy, sulky all bad things. Kept storming off, swearing at everyone, rolling my eyes finding everything irritating. (new promotion started same day as no smoke, life changer thing, so being a bitch early on is not good for my career)

I either wanted everyone to fuck off, or to hit them in the face, no matter how much I was fucking everyone off just filled with all this rage and emotion.

After work ended up in a huge argument with my bf over fuck all that escalated into him storming off and me texting him a thousand horrible/over emotional/psychotic bitch things, dumping him, then turning up at his at 2am in tears to apologise and having to really grovel to not be dumped for good. He had packs of cigs all over and I picked them up smelt it put them down, he wanted to talk about the argument but I knew I was just acting out. He ran out of cigs and wanted me to go to shop to buy him more (as I was the one that woke him up middle of the night by turning up uninvited and was the one that was dressed..) I told him I couldn't and that was torture for me he moaned a bit got dressed but insisted I came with him as he didn't trust me alone in house in crazy mode(fair enough) but then did his best to 'hide' the smoking from me and always went outside etc you can still smell it and know though right? He apologised for smoking after the arguments, sorta fixed things but I am in the doghouse.
He keeps saying he will quit one day but I know it is his own timing and journey, hoping if I make it if he wants to turn to me for support I'll be able to speak from experience!

Everyone knows I am quitting, but I don't see it as an excuse to be this level of insane ad they all agree they can forgive some snappy ness but I need to take responsibility for how I am also and this is unacceptable


It is the next day and feeling less crazy just regretful and looking back at yesterday hoping to never go through a day like that again!


Wanted to post this, just incase any other day 5ers have a day from hell just to say, the day after all is brighter and hopefully no matter how you act out you can fix it.