28 days No Smoke. Heres what I have been through so far.

36 years old. 1 pack a day. Smoking for about 20 years.
I spontaneously decided to just not smoke Mid December. Although i have tried to quit MANY times in the past, this has been my longest quit so far.

First 2 and a half weeks have definitely been the hardest.
First few days of the quit i was on a high. Lots of energy. Felt really focused. Sleeping was a little difficult. Woke up in sweats.

Few days after that it was the opposite. Could hardly open my eyes at work. No energy. Cravings where intense. Felt like crying for no reason i could think of but could of just been the stress from the quit. Felt like i was on some emotional rollercoaster. That went away from the 3rd going into the 4th week thankfully.

3rd week got a little bit easier. I started reflecting on what the "cravings" actually were. I think its just stress which we will get regardless wether we smoke or not. its just that since we smoked in the past we think we can just make it go away by lightin one up. Which of course, the stress will just return but now you'll be stuck back smoking plus stress.

I have stayed away from bars and alcohol. Im going to give it at least 5 or 6 months before i even think of having a drink. I know these are major smoking triggers for me. I can be around other smokers at work/friends without any problem.

Late nights when im up i noticed is when i start "craving". id say about 70% of the time i faced the craving feelings instead of trying to keep busy. I sometimes go and sit exactly where i use to smoke and face it. Laugh at it. Sometimes they pass whiten 15 minutes some feel like they take hours. I also have done the "Get up and stay busy" when a craving started creeping in which also works.

Im being pretty mindful of how easy it is to go back. One puff will fuck it all up.

Anyways, this subreddit has been extremely helpful. Reading through everyones posts and comments while i was struggling has motivated me more then you will ever know. I wish you all the best on this dumb nicotine addiction and THANK YOU all for posting and sharing what you all are going through.