Day 2 and posting this because right now I'm fighting with myself not to buy a pack

Class just ended and I'm googling "reddit smoking while on patch" lol. This is so hard. Wow. I read some posts here days ago when I finally came to accepting that I was addicted and this was going to be different.

Back story: started smoking at 15, now 28. It was on and off, more off than on. I was a gym rat and ate very well/healthy 90% of the time; I don't even drink but I love cigs. I would only buy a pack during stressful periods. One to three packs MAX. Then stop completely for 1-3 years, repeat. 

Then my untreated mental illnesses got the best of me in March and the stress pushed me to buy a pack after 3 years of not one cig (!!!). One of my meds first prescribed in April is a stimulant for adult ADHD (PI type of you know). Christ how I wish my doctors had told me to stop smoking before beginning dextroamphetamine. The first two weeks of dextro were incredible, a high that has long left me. But smoking while on it? Out of this world. They work so beautifully together that the moments literally brought a smile to my face. This period was when me and my pack became one. My extra limb whose absence was strongly felt. What was casual for thirteen years turned into a dangerous marriage. I want to go back to being a gym rat and to get a bike. I want my healthier looking face back. 

So now we are getting a divorce haha. Bought the step 3 patch on Wednesday, the day of my last pack; patch Thursday morning. I was smoking VS superslims at 5 mg of tar but Newports were the staple. I wanted a shorter process and I didn't want to spend $100+. This divorce is giving me all sorts of anxiety. I read someone suggesting lollipops. Bought a 120 count box last week of Dum Dums and tossed a bunch in my bag. They really help! It's the similar actions to smoking. 

OK, I'm feeling better now. I had to write this to distract myself from bolting out and asking to be taken back lol. Yesterday was a bit worse as I became agitated around the 10 hour mark. Wish me luck guys. And luck to the rest of you through this hell!

Lastly, and I hope I'm not alone in this, even if I stop completely and for good, I will always be a smoker in the abstract sense. I LOVE cigarettes. The smell, the taste, the feeling. I am hopeful that I'll stop again and not smoke one for a long time but I'll always remain nostalgic about it. Sigh.

OK bye now, going to pull out my arsenal of pops lol.