Is anyone in an early-relationship stage with or casually dating a smoker?

I've been seeing a guy for a few months, we've never smoked in front of each other. I think we were both secret smokers, hiding it from the other person. Then it became "oh interesting we're both social smokers" as we'd talk about nights out with our friends and having a few cigarettes. 

I clued him in to the fact that I quit, was done, for real. Told him how good I felt, etc. He didn't really know how much I smoked (3-5/day) but he seemed impressed and was like genuinely supportive. We talk about it occasionally. He is honest about the times he smokes when he is out, sees friends who smoked, etc. Honestly he is very open about it that I believe it was a few times a week and not a heavy smoker situation. I've literally NEVER smelled it on him.

Then last night he tells me he bought a pack of cigarettes, alone, when he was stressed at work but I have a feeling that I'm part of it. We had a little tension the other night, and he thought I was really mad at him and I wasn't. Then he goes out and buys cigarettes. Ugh.

He's a disciplined guy so I don't know if it'll be regular. He's told me it's been regular in the past. I'm disappointed but I don't know if I have any right to be disappointed. Like, its not my body. Its not a super serious relationship. I'm honestly really happy he's so open with me about these things (my ex had addictive personality traits and would hide and lie about everything-- EVERYTHING, so I'm familiar with shame spirals and such). I don't want to jeopardize his honesty with me by getting upset at him. So basically, one part of me wants to detach from this all together, have no opinion, he does his thing I do mine and they don't impact each other in any way.

But at the same time: i'm NOT smoking and don't want to be around it, can currently see right through the smoker's excuses (him being like "I had a bad day"), and I don't want to hear the nicotine talking (him at a dinner with me and talking about wanting one). Basically, him ramping up his smoking makes me think now we're going to talk about smoking a lot, and as I'm quitting this makes me feel like running. The casual smoking didn't bother me, but I also know that casual often leads to regular periods of smoking because nicotine. I don't know if I can date someone controlled by nicotine.

On the positive side: him talking about smoking makes me 100% certain I'm done forever. It just made me sad when he told me he bought a pack. He's being so open about smoking now, suddenly, and I feel like it's the greatest test. here I have the opportunity to smoke, openly, with someone I like! But I don't want to. At all. 

