Day 1 for the 2nd time O_o

I quit at the end of last year, made it to about 2.5 weeks. Then started up again this month, smoked all month 2-3 cigarettes/day, which was actually lower than I was at the end of last year which was more 4-5 cigarettes/day.

My motivation:

1. I started trail running, and its SO MUCH FUN and totally renewed my interest in running. But it feels so dumb to smoke before/after doing it. And I want to be a faster runner.

2. My best self would go straight to the gym (that I pay SO MUCH MONEY for) after work, do that yoga or dance or HIIT or spin class and have fun and get sweaty, and then go home, cook dinner, tidy up, maybe watch an episode of tv. Currently, instead, what I do is rush home for a cigarette. Then I don't want to go to the gym so I go upstairs, eat, watch tv, eat more, another cigarette, watch more tv. I don't want my evenings to be that way, and the cigarette is what messes me up. I feel controlled by it. 

3. I am over living with so much anxiety. When I smoke, I let my anxious thoughts take over. I sit there alone and think about all the worst case possibilities in my life. I say "hey anxiety, you are in control for this entire cigarette, go for it." I'm cutting out nicotine (and caffeine) to try and regain control of my thoughts. I am NOT my anxiety.

4. Perhaps the most fickle one, but, also the strongest motivator right now. I'm really tired of hiding it from the guy I'm dating. It's almost been 3 months of seeing him regularly. I'm scared I have bad breath and I want to kiss him without fear. I want to be able to stay with him as long as we want to hang out, without thinking about that cigarette I'm going to smoke as soon as he's gone. 

Last night I finished a pack and I just felt so, so over it. I bought the pack on Friday and my friend and I smoked so many that night, she smoked maybe 10, I smoked like 7, I don't know. She's told me she's quitting too, but she jsut smokes mine when we go out. I don't want to be an enabler, and I just don't want to do it myself any more. She and I have been smoking together for 10 years and I think we're both just done.

I have nicotine gum and a vape from the last time I quit, but I want to go cold turkey as much as possible. I'll lean in towards the gum and vape around 5pm after work, if it helps me GET TO THE GYM instead of home. But that's the only time I want to do it. Otherwise, I'm ready to feel withdrawal, I'm ready to feel the pressure and pain and whatever comes my way. I want to feel the nicotine leave and I want to be done, once and for all. I stopped enjoying it years ago, and I want my life back.