19 days, 866 cigarettes not smoked

So here I am again, as promised and I have not caved in despite my friends calling me a "pussy" a ton\(I basically surround myself with people who smoke and drink like a chimney and a bottomless barrel for I was no different\) but I am getting by just fine, they are even slowly starting to accept it. I do not have any cravings any more that last longer than a minute and it is mostly the feeling of selective self\-destruction that I miss. I guess this is the hardest part for me. I had long given up on myself in every aspect and sense of the word and now I must turn that negativity into something I can be proud of.

Daily exercise has kept me motivated and I used the saved money plus some to buy a 55 inch LG UHD TV. Still can't believe I sat through Thor: Ragnarok without a smoke break, all thanks to you wonderful people who gave me someone to make proud in my first post here!

If you are out there trying to quit or just thinking about it, DO IT! Is it hard? Fuck yeah. Is it rewarding? FUCK YEAH!!!

The toughest part is to identify why you smoked and owning up to hit so this is who I am:

I smoked because the sharp sting in my chest, the constant sense of self\-punishment, that sweet taste of elected damage oh they all were so addicting to a man who thought he had nothing to be proud of and deserved to live a perpetual state of being drunk and wheezing. I started smoking for the taste and kept smoking to die, as shameful as it is to openly admit that to a community of strangers. I can talk about it now because I realized the error of my ways and understood that nobody should live like this. 

Whatever your reason to smoke is, it is NOT reasonable to do so! You are hurting yourself, your family, your friends and that out of your own free will. To those of you who are not yet looking to quit this all may seem like a trivial statement and that is completely okay, it is your path after all, what I am trying to share is that quitting made this grumpy, self\-destructive, drunk and anti social asshole I am a much better, healthier and happier man already. 

I enjoy waking up, I enjoy exercise, hell, I enjoy company and no longer feel like I have to put any substance into my body to deal with the world. 

Stay strong, not even anchors could keep you from moving forward!