Sometimes it's not as hard as we think

I have been a smoker for 14 years and just quit smoking 6 days ago. I was the really bad type of smoker (started when I was 17 y.o.), meaning over a pack a day, became very nervous every time I was left with few cigarettes in the pack thinking that I really have to buy a new pack soon and behaved like almost in a withdrawal phase, even at my worst flu I had to smoke although my neck was hurting like hell. I had moments of thinking that I really need to quit because my health was not really good, became physically exhausted very fast, sometimes I had trouble breathing normally, and over time I became more and more frustrated of the fact that cigarettes control me and not the other way around. 

How I managed to quit? Not sure how I suddenly motivated myself enough and especially what I don’t understand is why I don’t really have huge cravings or other bad withdrawal symptoms I was expecting. But what I did (maybe it helps you) is the following: One week before, I just said to myself that I will finish the packs I have left and then I will try quitting. I said ok, let’s see how this goes first. If I manage, then I would be an idiot to start again just to struggle again with quitting. If I don’t, then nothing has changed right? I didn’t want to put any pressure on myself, reason why I also didn’t tell anybody about it until I had accomplished 3 days in which I saw that it’s not as hard as I thought, or at least, the chances of really quitting are significantly higher. But this was more to share with my family, then letting everybody know about it.

Since then I have already encountered situations that normally triggered a need for cigarette instantly, like stressful situations, waiting and getting bored for 2 hours, going in bars with smokers (I also have 2 people smoking in the house), but even though I think of smoking and I miss it, when the thought comes in mind I just don’t let it move forward and distract myself with something else. And then it passes.

I never thought of me having such willpower and must say that it’s a nice feeling to know :), but I am sure that the lack of pressure on myself and just not letting myself see it as the end of the world, made it easier (together with the few puffs of nicorette from time to time).

It’s not easy for sure, but I think we can also make it easier on ourselves. Wish me luck to keep on going like this maybe forever. :P
