I am going to quit. But there are some things I need to do first.

I have some stuff in my mind I need to address before I can quit.  I've been smoking for 20 years, but what I'm struggling with goes deeper than that. I've been dealing with depression for most of my life, and anxiety for over 15 years. I was diagnosed at 15, went to counseling and/or therapy on and off for years, and I made leaps and bounds in my day to day behavior and thought patterns and general anxiety level. But it's been too long since my last session, and a lot has happened. It's been almost 4 years since my dad's suicide - I should've gone back by now. I am acknowledging the issue, and I'm making the first steps in reaching out for help. 

First step I have to do before I even talk to another therapist, because I know it's what they'll say. It's been 13 years since I've been to a dentist. I didn't have insurance, nor a dental school nearby. The last 2 years I've been insured, but too scared to go; my anxiety tells me I'll be judged and mocked for the condition of my teeth, even though I know it's not true. My appointment is next Wednesday. I fought back the quiver in my voice when she asked when the last time I had seen a dentist was; I know she probably wasn't judging me when I told her, but that little pause made me think she did. And as soon as I hung up, I lit a cigarette. I expect I'm going to have a bill after insurance, and I want to make sure I can take care of that situation before I start scheduling regular appointments for my mental health.

I will quit. I have to; I want to have awesome, healthy babies with my husband one day in the not-so distant future. And I've drastically reduced how much I smoke in the last 4 months. I should have never started when I did, and I want to unchain myself from this death stick, but I can't fight all of the demons at the same time.

But I accept that I need help to get there. I've got to get back to good, and learn to be good without smoking. I'll be back, /r/stopsmoking.