50 Days Strong!!!

Hey all,

Today marks 50 days without a single cigarette. I was a pack-to-1.5 pack-a-day (sometimes 2 packs on the weekends) smoker for 8 years (started in college).

My quit was completely cold turkey. No weaning, no patch, no e-cigs.

Some observations from my quit thus far:

1) Days 1-7 - Horrible constipation, bloating and heartburn. I was honestly scared at some points - when trying to sleep it felt like any position I was in would either push acid up into my esophagus or make my abdomen feel like it was going to pop. INTENSE appetite. Like I can't even begin to describe how intense the drive to eat food was. Almost like my addicition to nicotine was just ported directly over to food. Consistent, productive hacking cough. Lots of nasty brown stuff coming up. Very low energy, coupled with intense insomnia and an inability to focus on anything. Overall this was just an awful and brutal time.

2) Days 7-14 - Cough intensifies. Acne breakout for the first time in what...12 years??? Still bloated (water retention), but no longer constipated and no more heartburn. Appetite still super intense. Horrible insomnia. Skin drying out/flaky, energy levels still low but stabilizing. Still no ability to focus.

3) Days 14-21 - Cough plateaus / starts to decrease. Acne/dry skin continues and actually gets worse. Still bloated. Horrible insomnia. Appetite plateaus. Energy levels low but stable (no more midday total system shutdown). 

4) Days 21-28 - Cough decreasing rapidly. Acne leveling out, no new outbreaks. Still bloated. Horrible insomnia. Appetite beginning to return to normal. Energy levels beginning to increase, ability to focus returning. 

5) Days 28-35 - Cough almost nonexistent (maybe 1 a day, maximum). Acne decreasing. Bloating beginning to decrease. Appetite returns to normal. Insomnia improving slightly. Energy levels up, exercise routine started. Ability to focus improving significantly every day.

6) Days 35 - Now - Cough gone. Acne gone (for now). Bloating gone. Appetite normal. Insomnia gone. Energy levels higher than ever. Exercising daily. Focus better than ever.

My one general observation about all of this...I can't believe how much more time and mental energy I have these days. I get 3x as much stuff done, at a higher level of quality, in the same amount of time or less than when I was smoking. I'm no longer super stressed out, crushing coffees and chainsmoking when facing a deadline. I really regret ever starting this filthy habit, and its really made me question just how much of my life I wasted feeding this beast.

Just wanted to share my story with y'all and offer myself as a resource to anyone that's struggling with this...believe me, as addicted as I was, if I can pull this off cold turkey you can too.

