No friends after quitting weed. Feeling lonely

Hey reddit.

To myself: Id say im an intelligent, interesting guy, Im not bad looking.. 20 years old.

I stopped smoking weed 2 weeks ago trying to get my life back together but it wasnt untill the last 3 days I realized how fucked my reality really is. Since I started smoking weed regulary 2-3 years ago I had no desire at all, and really no interest in any social activitys. Weed gave me everything. I was totally at bliss with myself at home. I never asked anybody out, never tryed anything to keep up existing contacts thinking it would all just keep coming to me. I do have a really big pride so I expected everyone to approach me first, text me first s.o And this worked. I always had bout 3- 5 people texting me even without any effort at all. I never had any urge to do anything with them go out or anything like that.. well 2 years later friendships started to fade and all I was left with was my so called best friend which I never put any effort into the relationship. He kept texting me even after 2 years of nothing coming from my side.

Now I do have social anxiety, which might be a cause for me feeling totally at bliss at home with weed. ( actually the weed made me anxious around people but I loved the feeling so much that I kept smoking,.. alone of course)

coming to the point; after 2 weeks of no weed I suddenly feel lonely because even my best friend that stayed loyal all along is feeling kinda disinterested in me. And now that I stopped smoking the urge of being around people starts to rise within me again. But now that I have nothing to do, and noone I can go to I feel extremely lonely and depressed...

I dont work at a place where I can meet people and stuff and I just dont know how to make friends. Since my pride is in my way I cant just go and walk up to people like 'hey'.. and if I get denied just go on with my day.

So Idk.. I feel really helpless and screwed. Anybody going through something like this?

Thanks for your replys, I really appreciate it.