Im a fucking slave to this bullshit addiction and i hate it!

22m, started about 14months ago, worst "decision" ever. Tried quitting 4 times so far, longes was 6 days until my brain fucked me again and made me smoke again.

The last few weeks i thought i kinda got it a bit better under control like maybe 3 or 4 a day and thru a mixture of stress and stuff im back at like nearly a pack a day and if i had unlimited supply my brain would wanna chainsmoke all the time. Like i just finished one and my brain is like "have another one".. im a slave.. an addict... and i know how fucking stupid this is.

Ive done other drugs before, never got addicted. Weed? No problem. MDMA? Responsibly every once in a while. Never done Coke and never will as i know that kind of addiction would probably destroy me. But with smokes its like such a socially acceptable drug.. and theres supply everywhere.. its ridiculous its even legal.. it should be a Schedule I drug.. no medial benefits.. highly addictive.. deadly.. i dont get it. Just big money.. tobacco and pharma industry are just the biggest assholes ever,making money off the addiction and un-wellbeing of poor individuals. I mean oil-industry at least does something "good" as we use oil and plastic for some stuff (build stuff, make engines run,etc)... 

Im just a fucking slave... im throwing my money away and against my health and everything i ever thought i would stand for. I was always and still am a big outdoor fan, im a hiker,a camper, a nature photographer, im trying to be eco-friendly... this bullshit addiction just goes against all my principles and i feel so trapped. Ive read Allan Carrs Easyway.. ive tried all kinds of ways and tips to get away from it.. im so done with this and always tell myself when i finish a pack (always buying just one pack even tho thats even more costly) that im not gonna buy another one. And then a few hours later im on my way to the next drug-dealer: the fuel station, the kiosk, the 7-11, theyre all nasty drug dealers.. they are not any better than crack or heroin dealers.. but its legal.. im just devasted..

Sorry about this rant but i really had to let this out somehow.. i feel like crying and i feel so dumb.