5 days in and had a nervous breakdown

Hey guys, long time lurker first time poster.  After a 15+ year cigarette addition, 10-20 cigs a day, I quit cold turkey 5 days ago.  I'm getting married soon and I want to start a family. Smoking is not compatible with my future goals.  

First 4 days were tough, but manageable.  I had brief but intense urges, anger, and insomnia.  Today I was a complete wreck.  I yelled at my family. I ended up in a crying fit on the phone with my fiancee, throwing ceramic bowls across the kitchen, breaking plates, and bawling like a depressed mental patient.  This is what I was scared of when I quit.  I actually felt like I was going crazy.   

I am supposed to travel to see my fiancee in 2 weeks (she lives in a different country) and I am freaking out thinking about going on a plane, spending days with her family, and trekking across Europe with nicotine withdrawal. I know withdrawal is supposed to peak at day 3, but its been 5 days and I am just now feeling serious side effects.  I have nicotine gum, but I have avoided using it because I thought cold turkey would be the quickest and easiest way to go.  

I've almost made it 6 full days without nicotine, would nicorette even be worth it?  Wouldn't it just make me crave more nicotine and prolong withdrawal?  I still feel like cold turkey is the best way but I don't want to make everyone around me miserable.  And tonight I scared my family/fiancee to death, broke about $200 of household items, and feel like a complete mental case.  

I don't know if I am here to ask a question, or to vent.  Any advice or support would be helpful.  By the way I quit cold turkey once 8 years ago for over a year, after reading Allen Carr's book.  I read it 5x since and it doesn't seem to have the same effect.  Go figure.  The good news is I never got to the point this quit of considering smoking again. The urges were there, and they were strong but I never considered smoking as an option.  Thanks for reading guys