Gahhhhh

Why do I keep relapsing! 

Right, Let's think about this. I decide to quit, and so I finish my pack and throw my lighter into the park somewhere. Don't ask, I just like throwing it as it gives me a sense of power. 

So, I throw away my lighter and then the next day I still smoke 2/3 cigarettes which I either  buy (singles) or pinch of someone. 

This is probably worse than buying a pack as having a couple just restarts the withdrawal process. Fucking hell, I'm such an idiot. 

So, here I go again. I've got one more which I'm going to smoke before bed and that's it. I know that I'm going to wake up wanting one but god dammit I shouldn't. 

This past weekend was such a Awakening day, this girl that I liked told me to she doesn't think it'll work between us and said we should just be friends. So that caused me to burn down a bit. Then next thing you know I find out that my auntie who I always saw as a friend pretty much now hates me for no reason accordingly to my brother, I kinda figured something was up when I last saw her she was a but off towards me. Burnt again. 

These past weeks/months have been a bit depressing for me. I've just not lacked any motivation etc. Slowly burning my own soul come to think of it. 

Then after the event with that girl and my auntie which happened on the same day if you'd believe, something happened that day. My emotions turned to anger and from that anger I rose up from the ashes like a phoenix. 

I am a phoenix. What's behind me is just ash from my old self. Maybe that's what I needed, something to trigger an emotional response which propels me into something new. 

Since then, I've been feeling.. Like angry.. Not in the incredible hulk kind of way but as though there's fire and rage running throw my veins as opposed to ash. Some things awakened inside me and you know what? Fuck it, I'm gonna embrace this feeling, this attitude, this persona and become a new man. The old me is dead amongst the ashes and to those ashes as autumn approaches (or is it here already, I'm sure I've seen some dead leaves knocking about) and as autumn approaches may those ashes be drifted away back into nature from which they emerged from. 

It's time to feel the fear and do it anyway. 

Trust me, these next few days heck the next 2 weeks are going to be difficult mentally but gahhhhhhhhhh need to rid myself of nicotine as it's bought nothing but crap into my life. I don't even know why I smoked for these 5 years that I've smoked. Fuck it, Let's the chips fall they may. I will no longer try to control everything. Just gonna let go. Just. Gonna. Let. Go. Fuck off. 

I swear to god, this better submit otherwise I'm gonna throw this phone out the window.