Day 3 of nicotine free life. Feels great! What helps you guys to concentrate?

Hello all, I have been smoking for about 11 years since I was 15 and have also spent a lot of that time smoking weed (in joints with tobacco). Cigarettes were just not fulfilling my requirement for nicotine anymore and I got into a nasty habit of getting high all day, most days, regretting it and kicking myself every time i lit that first joint. 3 days so far... It feels great and I am exercising even more than usual. I cannot wait to get my lungs back to 100%!

The day I quit I gathered all the filter tips i could find (they get absolutely everywhere) and I threw about 250 away with all my other smoking paraphernalia. Whenever I have urges (amongst other things) it helps me to think about all the chemicals and tar that those 250 filter tips were trying to protect me against and all that tar and gunk that would get through to my lungs anyway. I remind myself of [this](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lMDfyF1VF6o) video.

It helps me to observe smokers and non-smokers - non-smokers just get on with their lives, they are not plagued by the stresses of smoking, I hope to be like that one day. 

Being kind to your mind and body and setting yourself free is just such a great feeling. I have a history of depression also and this is such a boost - doing something positive for myself. To anyone who hasn't - read Alan Carr's the Easyway - you know it makes sense!

I have one slight concern in that I haven't achieved a huge amount (work-wise) in the last few days - I've spent a lot of time lurking on here and r/leaves. I am doing my second masters degree and I don't want the 'it will help me concentrate' excuse to get the better of me. My mind is mostly caught up with (positive thoughts about...) smoking at the moment and I am concerned that I am going to fall behind with work and loose my creativity. Did anyone have a similar experience? What helps you to concentrate?

Anyways, mainly wanted to say thank you to everyone at r/stopsmoking, you guys are awesome and have really helped me on my way. 