I hate being a smoker

Commence rant.

I love cigarettes. The feeling when I'm sucking down that lung dart, the relaxation, the calm, the focus. The moments of socializing with a stranger over a smoke. The moments by myself spent reflecting on the day. Hell, just holding a cigarette feels good. And hitting that smoke at the end of a rough day is like scratching a good itch.

But I hate being a smoker. The financial cost is nothing - I've never been even close to a pack-a-day smoker, and I make good money - but the way some people look at me when I light up. Especially younger folks. I hate feeling like I have to brush my teeth when I'm nowhere near home. I hate the smell on my hands. And I really, really hate how much I want to smoke.

The feeling when I don't have smokes is the worst part of it. The cravings, the sudden turn of my thoughts to how nice it would be to light up right now. Getting irritated and angry at nothing - simple things like seeing a happy couple when I'm single suddenly leave me clenching my jaw. And, in turn, feeling depressed. And worst of all is the knowledge that if I just walked to the store and bought a pack and some matches, it would go away and I would feel good again. Calm. Confidant. In control.

Someone once told me that smokers start trying to quit as soon as they start smoking. That's been pretty much true for me. I only started a couple years ago, and at first it was just a once-a-day thing. I figured, I'll just have this pack, and it will be the month that I smoked. Well, one pack turned into two, and once-a-day became twice-a-day. And, well... I'm sure you all know how it goes. I've tried to quit a half-dozen times, with varying degrees of success. I used an E-cig for a few months, until it died and I didn't want to replace it. I was off the pack for a month earlier this summer, until school and work piled up and I needed a release that wouldn't leave me disabled for the rest of the night. Every time I quit, I come back stronger, too. This time, the first pack was gone in four days. The current one is a little slower, but still vanishing at a rate of 3-4 a day. Now I'm sitting here irritated and angry because I left my smokes in the car, and the car is in the shop where I can't get at it. And I know why I'm so irritated, and it's not because I want something that I can't have, it's because I'm addicted to something and I can't feed that addiction.

Some of you have been smoking a lot longer than I have. Those of you who have quit / are quitting, I'm seriously impressed. I'm having trouble with it and I'm a new smoker. I still have time, but I don't think I'll ever know how much time until it's up, so I'm going to keep trying to quit... when life allows. I don't think I could deal with work and school right now without smokes or booze, and when I drink it's so much easier to go buy smokes. So maybe I'll try again in the winter. Until then... well, I'll just have to try to control it, and not let it control me.