Tips for helping my dad quit smoking?

Hey all, 

I'm going to try and help all I can to get my dad to quit smoking, as doing so would make his upcoming life insurance way cheaper and I've always wanted him to quit anyways. My dad is 55 and I'm pretty sure he's been smoking since around the age of 18. I had success getting my mom to quit about 7 years ago by buying her Allen Carrs book, we tried the same thing for my dad but he never read it and always insists he can do it on his own. He can never last more than...i don't know... a few days or maybe a week? He's tried a bunch of times.

Some things to know about my dad. He has an addictive personality, he smokes cigarettes and loves scratch offs. He is a cabinet maker and very good at what he does, but it also definitely stresses him out and he's also awful with his money. He is very stubborn but also has a huge heart, he cares a LOT about the ones he loves and will do anything for you pretty much but addiction grips him hard. He is not very smart as he grew up poor and had to work from a young age, never really caring much for school and he only finished high school. Unfortunately, I feel like his lack of education hurts him a lot when it comes to smoking. He was also just diagnosed with type 2 diabetes. He is starting to slowly make his diet better, but he also doesn't exercise at all. 

My mom and sister have been trying to get him to quit for years. He has until August to quit before he gets tested for life insurance. He just tried but only last three days. 

I'm just kind of desperate, I really want my dad to quit and I also know he has to, or his life will be ruined by his habit as he gets more and more into his old age. I love my dad and it kills me to see him struggle with this. 

Some thoughts I've had:
Make a list of the pros of quitting smoking and the cons of continuing to be a smoker. I want to hammer it into his head that quitting will reward him greatly, but continuing will only ruin his life in every way. 

I'm seeking other tips though, whether you are a family member of someone who quit or someone who quit themselves. Anything would be appreciated. 

