Starting to stop...

I’m booked in at the doctors on weds as I’ve had a bit of a health scare. I’m 29 and smoked since age 15. I’d say 10 per day but it’s more like 15.

My wife and I are moving over Xmas and will be with her dad who’s 4 years (more-or-less) smoke free, I’ve actually caught him in the past so I know he’s susceptible. I don’t want to tempt him so I’m going to quit for new year.

I decided to start getting used to being smoke-free right now by breaking routines, and by counting cigarettes (something I’ve been afraid to do in the past).

On day 1 I had 3 cigarettes 6 hours apart. I went the whole work day without, which I’ve never done before. It felt good and was easy.

On day two I had 4. However my day was 6 hours longer so I’d still done well. Honestly, the cigarettes I did smoke didn’t even work. They just left me unfulfilled and tasted gross as I’m getting a cold.

Over the last few days the only smokes I’ve enjoyed have been the ones after work. But they’re different to the others, if you catch my drift.

I’m on day 3 now and I haven’t smoked yet. I did roll one and lit up, but I had one puff and threw it. I suddenly decided it was too early and I should eat first. So I ate and haven’t smoked since. I’m a bit ill too, so eating loads of fruit. I’m probably going to have one in a while, but I feel okay for now. I’m not working so I’m going to relax and tidy the house. I think I might get by on just my one cig today. I’d like that. 

I might be able to not smoke today, but I’m not saying that because the prospect will stress me into smoking. It’s the fact that I can that’s stopping me right now, which is what worries me about the hard quit. I told my wife yesterday and I wish I hadn’t. It was much easier when it was just me. Now I’m a bit paranoid, but it’s done so I’ll just keep going.

In any case I’ve not smoked so little in 15 years, and I’m very pleased with how easy it’s been cutting right down. I know it’s easier because technically I’m not quit, I’m just practising as it were, but I’m enjoying the feeling so far so I’m just going to carry on like this for a while and decide on a replacement habit now. I used to draw a lot so I’ll probably do that.

I don’t want to put too much emphasis on Jan 1st. I’d like to quit before, I’d like to think that I might have a smoke-free day within the next week. I’m at the doctors on weds so perhaps then. That’d be an achievement. It could happen today (apart from the puff earlier), but I’ve put quite a lot of emphasis on my cig later and it’s willing me through the hours of not smoking now. That’s it at the moment - It’s the thought of future smoking that’s helping me not smoke now. Like a prize, which sounds bad. Is this a really bad way to cut back?

I don’t really know what I’m doing. But I think I’m starting to stop. I think I’ll probably need help at some point...

