9 months later

I quit smoking 9 months ago, Start at 12 quit at 26, now I am 27. Method that work was cold turkey.

So... 9 months later:

My lungs are fully recovered, I can really breath now. When I get air in my lungs are filled twice as much since I'm not a smoker anymore. I use to spit every morning tar and something green and brown and stuffs untill month 8. I read some studies online that the lungs can take between 2 weeks and 1 month for 1 year of smoking so it makes sense to me why I spit for 8 months garbage everyday. Of course some damage maybe is there and some garbage from cigs is still trapped in the lungs but man I can feel my lungs working twice better, no complains.

My skin on face is completely regenerated. I use to have premature wrinkles because nicotine and carbon monoxide stop your body to produce collagen which help your skin to look better but in my case because I was a heavy smoker my skin at least at face where is visible was so dry and ugly. Now I have no more wrinckles, of course I'm 27 and I was a smoker entire life and damage is already done but wrinckles are very very small.

White teeth, they use to be not that white.

Pink lips and gums. they use to be red/blueish.

My heart beats normal now. I still have occasionally irregular heart beatings but is much better. My heart use to beat more when I was a smoker because of course all your blood vessels are damaged and the heart needs to pump. I do still believe maybe after some years to be fully recovered and even these occasionally fast heart beat will go away.

I use to have anxiety days occasionally, now no more anxiety,

Sleep is better, I wake up faster, I fall asleep faster, more energy.

The only thing that I can complain about quit smoking is my gums are bleeding in the middle of the day but I think is better than cancer or you name it. The gums are bleeding because your body is healing your blood circulation. My gums use to bleed more in month 1,2,3... is getting better but still 9 months later yeah I still spit blood from my gums.



Quit now guys, best decision ever made in my life. Your life is not better if you continue to smoke. Your health will not get better... is poison. When you are a child and you start smoking like I did... you have the right to be stupid like any younger but when you are an adult is not working with "I can't stop smoking". Think about that... think about if you can't stop smoking you can't do any shit in this life... how weak I can be if I can't even stop smoking? How stupid I am to destroy my body by myself. I was yesterday at fishing and I guy about my age came to me to ask how it goes... He came to me with the cig in his mouth and I saw him while he laugh once how his skin looks on the face, even my grandmother at 84 years old do not have that kind of wrinkles... ugly skin and visible big wrinkles. Then during the day I saw that guy was exactly like me, cig after cig and always with cig in mouth...