Smoke free 8d 5h 5m. Struggling with my emotions behind before smoking and now with quitting

6 years smoked at age 24. Quit because i got serious flu with aches all over my body and couldn't get myself to go outside to smoke and make myself feel even more crappier.

Not any withdrawals or even many cravings. Sometimes i just get the "hey it's time to smoke" but then i remember i don't smoke anymore. Sometimes it's trying to find a lighter and a cigarette to light when going outside for a walk, but remembering i don't smoke anymore so i don't have those. Those habits just come to mind but then they just go away when i remember i don't do it anymore.

Sometimes i do have some weird feelings like being in high and can't stand straight because fatigue and balance problems. I feel sometimes very light and heavy at the sametime. Walls and stuff seems sometimes very close and sometimes very far away. It's weird. And sometimes i'm very sad and just cry all day because smoking was my way to deal with my feelings that i just kept inside. Sametime the smoking was my safebarrier in the outside world and it was my savior in day to day live. 

Now i don't have it to deal with things. I have had severe depression and psychotic episodes many years before i started smoking. Smoking kinda helped me sometimes and i think years after years it helped me even more, even tho the help was just "help" and not the real kind that lasts. Now that i don't have it anymore so i have to deal with things and emotions again. I think i wasn't ready yet because i'm so overwhelmed with stuff right now but i don't want to start smoking again because i have quitted already and so easily. I just always thought i quit it when i'm in a better condition in therapy, in better place mentally, better with myself and ready to let go from my cigarette "safebarrier" that was my mask outside. Idk if this makes anysense to anyone..

But heeey atleast i can save 1737€ in a year now that i don't smoke. I'm going to save it in my secret safelocker and spend it in maybe in laser/lasik eye surgery when i have all the money saved. :).. or give it to my mom and siblings if i don't care to live that long. Well i just go day by day. 

