If even one person can relate to me and make the jump to quit, this post is worth it.

(In advance let me apologize for my writing being all over the place, its mobile and im just typing my thoughts.)

So I've been trying to quit for a while, I'm 18 and smoked for about 2.7 years. Marlboro Red Shorts was my catch phrase at the local dingy gas station. And before I was of age, the hunt for someone to buy me cigarettes was all too real. 

I'd smoke when I woke up, on my way to work, 2 hours into work, another one 2 hours later, on my drive home, when I got home, and then between whatever I did after that. I work min wage and hardly saved money because of this.

Recently smoking stopped being fun and games for me. 

About 6 months ago I coughed up blood and had severe chest pain for a fairly extensive period. When the pain would subside I seized the opportunity to smoke, resulting in the immediate return of my personal hell. Finally went to the doctor "knowing" what the prognosis would be. Turns out I had pleurisy. (The infection of the lining of the lungs) 

The antibiotics I was given eased the bacteria away. I continued to smoke and the same exact scenario (minus the blood) visited me a few weeks ago. I went to the doctor once again and they gave me meds that I'm currently on. 

5 days ago.. (I think thats right its been a blur) I finally sucessfully quit. A few things changed this time. Previous quit attempts I tried to satisfy urges with nicotine gum or a shitty vape, but that made the 3 day physical withdrawal feel like a 10 year chinese water torture. I had to let go of the security nicotine provided me.

What got me through the first 3 days was a combination of water, bananas, and laying in bed pretending everything is okay. Counting every hour as a win helped too. Oh also these detox drinks made the process a little quicker. (Possible placebo lol)

Now I feel like I beat the Marlboro man and reading all of the healthy recoveries you guys have made is encouraging. I already feel better and today I had so much energy even though I'm still sick! I haven't let my guard down though I know its easy to fuck up. Stay strong fellow ex or future ex tokers.