what are you missing out on?

first off i'd like to say that i cannot believe i've made it this long, and it is getting easier to continue every day, AND i'm starting to believe that i will eventually be free. i was a heavy smoker for 10 years and never thought this would happen. 

in previous quits, i would often find ways to convince myself i needed to go buy smokes, and this would eventually lead to my downfall. these would be full on 'conversations' in my head which would debate until i eventually gave in. 

this time around, i've found that i have been able to come up with a lot of good arguments against myself. whenever i would start to think about it, i would cycle through some of these and eventually win out. this worked really well, so much so that i rarely if ever am even at odds with how i feel about it anymore, and these arguments don't really happen.

often when i'm reading posts on here, i can identify these moments in other peoples posts as well. they are going through the motions of debating with themselves, trying to come up with reasons to continue or to relapse. 

and to be honest -- these arguments sound crazy when coming from someone else, and thats because they are. objectively, this habit is crazy, and so trying to rationalize your way out of it sounds equally crazy to an impartial observer. but i understand them nonetheless because we share the same afflictions

i'm not sure if this will help anyone else, but being ready for these arugments, and having a bunch of really great reasons that you can use as a defence when these moments come, can be really helpful. 

the best one i had this time around was to argue that i wasnt 'missing out' on anything. i could always go back to smoking if i wanted. this quit was something i decided, and could end whenever i wanted, i wasn't and am still not being forced to continue. given all of that, why not see how i felt in 6 months? given all the time i have left in my life, what is 6 months? and if i can't resist for an extra hour, minute, second, day, whatever -- what does that say about the control i have over my life, that I can't 'lose out' on 6 months of being healthier? 

this seemed to quell the anxiety of missing out on something, because it acknowledges that i could go back if i wanted, and it put it into terms that i personally couldnt argue against, and in a way that seemed manageable. 6 months seems like no time in the grand scheme of things, and if it doesnt work out, well thats okay too, but at least it takes all of the pressure off of 'i need a smoke and i need it right now and if i dont have it right now i am going to be miserable like this for the rest of my life'. it also helps that i know deep down that in 6 months i would not feel the same way, and that this was just a way of getting past one of the bumps in the road. 

anyways, this turned into quite a long rant, but i hope it helps with someone elses quit. i've found this sub can be great for quelling cravings, so i hope i can help someone else as much as you all have helped me.

cheers