Daytime fatigue and sleepiness still lingering and affecting memory & concentration. How to cope through this while in school and studying?

I've been off smoking now for 5 days now (from over 15 years continuous) and I'm back as a full time student with classes and exams all summer long. During these past months, I've tried nicotine replacement patches/lozenges/cold turkey/Carr's book but kept reverting back to cigarettes because of school and post-quit fatigue feelings.

I finally read Carr's book a 2nd time and I think I'm past my longest streak so far with cold turkey... to make the change to stop and finally, I made the conscious effort to rebudget my cigarette expenses to be replaced to to these class credits which add up to a lot. I already transferred that budget to the school's account and so there's that for forced starters!

My challenge with what nicotine/cigarettes in general has done, has messed up on how my body and mind were without them. I can't remember how it was from 15 years ago. 

I know now I never needed these things in the first place but the chemistry and damage to mentally/chemically in the mind, un-program all that is going to take time, but gosh... this is the absolute worst time ever for me with exam obligations this month and next month. Some other friends said, don't quit until after the summer but that's so many more months of health risks to add on and each day away from smoking, is something my body can benefit from, so that I can actually do the things I want to from passing these exams...

I already drink a few cups of coffee per day and am trying to do some pushups or a quick jogging in place whenever I feel tired while sitting down. In the morning, I can do 30 minutes of cardio. 

The problem is, as the day goes, I am constantly zoning out while studying and still feel very tired even through those quick bursts of exercise or moving around. I'll try to snack on a few pieces of chocolate, nothing too sugary to cause a spike and crash.

Next week I have 4 exams and then another 5 more in the following month. These are 3-5 hour long exams and you can't take breaks whenever you would feel like on some of them. I'm doing practice questions and it's been a challenge to stay focused on answering and recalling things I should be doing that everyone else can be doing... what a mess I got myself into... I know it'll be good many months from now to join and be like the non-smoker crowd of not having to worry or be affected like it is on us ex-smokers or those trying to quit smoking. 

I'd love to maybe hear how I can stay focused on this. Going back to replacement patches/smoking, all which I tried during the past months made me more stressed out and disappointed.

Thanks for listening to this and thanks in advance for any guided support I can try and practice to minimize these side-effects... I believe they are short term but these weeks and months are pretty crucial to where those side-effects can be a negative hindrance to my school exam performances.... not sure if anyone can relate to that but that's what I'm having trouble with the most on with support.

p.s. not looking for any e-cigarette nictonine or nicotine-free e-cig replacements/nicotine replacement substitutes like nicotine patches or nicotine gum/lozenge. 

p.p.s. I'd be open to non-nicotine foods and non-prescription over-the-counter/supplements/herbs that may help for fatigue/daytime zoning-out-sleepiness though (already doing the exercising whenever possible, 2 cups coffee, small pieces of chocolate to pick me up). 

Thanks again!