This feels like a good quit

Since I started smoking 13 years ago at age 16 I've probably quit smoking over a hundred times. Only once in my life have I been quit for longer than I currently am. That was over 4 years ago. It started with a friendly bet and lasted over 8 months until one night at a Christmas party joined by old friends from years back I found myself alone in the basement while everyone else was huddled in a cold circle outside laughing and having a great time. With the alcohol flowing in my body those few cigarettes that night scratched an itch that hadn't reared its head in quite some time. Little did I know that that one mistake would erase all of my hard work up until that point and start another 4 years of slavery. The first year wasn't that bad but as we all know the worst problems don't just pop up overnight.

Now here I am 5 years later and almost 3 weeks quit. It seems like so long ago and all I can remember was how happy I was for those 8 months. I was more successful at my job than I had ever been, I was more self-confident, and I could actually participate in physical activity without feeling drained. It was actually the opposite, it felt great! I can vividly remember thinking to myself that up until that point the best decision I had made in all of my years on this planet was to give up smoking for good. That is what I am currently looking forward to and using to help myself stay quit this time.

The first time I quit I replaced smoking with a healthy diet and physical exercise almost immediately. Want a smoke in the morning? How about a yogurt or a piece of fruit. Follow that up with some light cardio, push-ups, or jumprope. Being proactive in other areas of your life is an immense help to shift your focus and take your mind off of smoking. Especially if you are doing things that you couldn't otherwise accomplish being a smoker. 

One of the worst ways I've found to try to quit is to wake up feeling like a bag of crap after a late night out drinking endless pints and smoking non-stop only to hack up a lung and swear off cigarettes for life the next morning. If only I can last 3 days I'll be over the hump and be on my way! This is usually followed by not leaving the house for a few days, spending the majority of time in bed. By day 4,5, or 6 I'd find myself right back into the endless cycle either bumming a smoke or convincing myself that this wasn't the right time. 

Not this time. This time I plan on changing other areas of my life for the better while living smoke-free. It's about time that I hold myself accountable for my actions and make progress towards a happier and healthier life.

This time feels like a good quit. 
