Today is the day.

Hey /r/stopsmoking,

It's weird to say, but todays the day that I'm going to quit cigarettes for good. I'm a quarter-to-half pack a day smoker, and started smoking about a year ago. 

Today I realized how much of a cigarette/nicotine fiend I am.Earlier tonight I was just shooting the shit with my friends. We had just stopped at a Dunkin Donuts for some late night donuts, and I decided to have a cig (the ninth that day). At that moment I realized that I had promised myself earlier today that I'd have four at most;however, that didn't even give me a moments pause. I killed that Marlboro 27 in less than a minute. Puff-after-puff I mindlessly inhaled and exhaled the smoke. The expected calm flourished in my mind.

This calmness was quickly followed up by guilt; I had promised myself that I wouldn't smoke a lot today, but I still did so. I again made myself a half-hearted promise --- I wouldn't smoke another cig until tomorrow. We then walked over to the 7-11 across the street, and before I walked in I mindlessly pulled out another and began smoking it. Before I knew it, I had finished the damn thing.

At that moment I realized that I was a smoker for the first time -- I know it sounds stupid. Although I had always understood that I was a person who smoked cigarettes daily, I never made the connection that I was indeed a "smoker".

After that I walked into the store determined to begin my quitting process. I decided that I'd purchase an e-cig for the guaranteed nicotine cravings that I'd experience; however, I'm not going to replace one form of nicotine for another. I plan to use the e-cig infrequently -- only when the cravings are so massive that I'm worried that I might go out and smoke another damn cig.

The moment I arrived home I went to the bathroom looked into the mirror and told myself, "You're a smoker." At that moment I analyzed my face. The beginnings of the negative effects of smoking had already began to become apparent. I noticed that the skin that had a year earlier been impeccable had began to subtly wrinkle. I noticed the pores on my face had become much more discernible. I noticed the blackheads that had never been there before. I noticed that my teeth were not as white as they were the year before. I noticed that my previously pink gums were inflamed and red. I thought to myself, "I'm only 19 years old, this is fucking unacceptable."

I now see smoking as another portion of a larger change that I'm making in my life. Recently, I began my process to lose 85 lbs (8 lbs of which I've already lost :-) ). I had planned to use cigs as a crutch, but now I realize that is a stupid idea. I've been eating healthier and working out -- why not just throw cigs into the mix. Don't get me wrong -- I'm not going into this lightheartedly. I know this is going to be an uphill struggle, and that the cravings will be real and will fuck with my thinking. However, I need to make this change -- I don't want to guarantee myself an early death.

I plan to use cardiovascular exercise, weightlifting, and my keurig machine to help me along in this process along with very infrequent use of the e-cig. I plan to come out of this a healthier, happier, and most importantly sexier me.

You guys definitely give me a lot of hope. On this reddit I've been reading stories about people who have smoked much more than I have for longer amounts of time, but have still managed to triumph. 

Thanks for reading my story.
