What they don't tell you before you quit

According to the app I put on my phone it's been 8 days 9 hours and 45 minutes since I quit smoking. Between my last cigarette and now I've experienced a lot of health issues that no one tells you about. Now, before you get into this, it's very important that you finish reading.

Day 1 was very boring but I told everyone I saw that I was going to quit. I've done this before but there was one key difference this time. Before I used to say "I'm going to try to quit". This time though, I had made up my mind and committed to quitting not "trying". Trying is what you say when you don't believe in yourself and want a reason to forgive yourself when you fail to quit.

Day 2 was almost mirror of Day 1, but with very mild cravings for cigarettes that I just ignored. I don't know if it was my resolve when I started the day before or what, but I didn't need anything special to make it through Day 2.

Day 3 is when the cravings really started. It felt like every 10 minutes I wanted a cigarette, but I put my head down, did my work and never put myself in a position where I could get one. This included not going anywhere that had a pack of cigarettes I could buy. If I needed something, my significant other got it for me.

Day 4 is where the fun began! To preface this one, I should tell you that I'm a retail manager, which means dealing with hundreds of people a day. I was mad at everyone on Day 4 it wasn't at all funny. I was bitchy and snide towards my employees for little things that aren't a big deal, I got mouthy with my boss and had the pleasure of kicking a problem customer out of my store. That being said, this was, I thought, going to be the worst of it. I was wrong.

Day 5 I was worn out. I was exhausted all of my energy being angry the day before and throughout the day depression kept creeping up on me. Before I knew it, I didn't want to be around anyone or anything alive, but I still had to go to work. Before I did though, I coughed up my first piece of tar thinking it was blood in my mucus, I'm glad I was wrong. 
By the end of the night I was the most antisocial I had been in my life. One of my best friends I hadn't seen in years was in town and I just couldnt bring myself to want to go see him. The next morning he was gone, who knows when I'll see him again.

Day 6 began the serious withdraws. My Body just didn't know how to react to not having nicotine. I was coughing up all sorts of gunk all day, my temperature fluctuated between 96.3-101.2 Fahrenheit, any time I tried to eat or dring I threw it up unless it was small amounts of water or Tomato soup and I was shaking all day long. 

Day 7 and 8 were mostly recovery from Day 6. I still cant talk right after Day 6 and I'm still coughing up lots of tar, which wont stop for months from what I've read. All in all, Day 6 was the absolute worst because I didn't know what was happening and I kept asking myself why would I quit smoking when it does this to the body. The answer came from my friends. Through out this experience I've had a lot of support and the truth is, it's really healthy for you. I can smell the flowers outside my house now and taste the spices in my food. When I take a breath it rejuvenates me instead of making me feel like I'm gasping for air. 

This is the greatest thing I've done for myself in a very long time and I'm proud to be able to sit here and say it's worth it. They don't tell you that quitting smoking can be so unhealthy... for a time, but all good things come at a price, especially quitting smoking. I will never be going back. If for no better reason than i never want to experience the pain of quitting again.