15 years - How I Quit.

In honor of November's upcoming Great American Smokeout, this is my story of how I quit smoking 15 years ago on this very same day.  I had been a casual smoker since the later years of middle school, sneaking a few here and there with my best friend whose step dad smoked a light version of one of the leading brands. Naturally, we grabbed a pack here and there.  I didn’t start to smoke regularly until high school, and thereafter a regular pack-a-day just before reaching 30.

I was watching a PBS special about cancer survivors, and they were interviewing one particular gentleman who had laryngeal cancer. He had a hole in his throat which he breathed through and a digital voice box he held up to his throat to speak into which sounded less like Siri and more like an 1980s robot.  After a few minutes, he asked the camera to stop filming, which they didn’t. He then reached off-camera and grabbed his cigarettes. He then put the cigarette in the hole in his throat, lit it, and sat there seemingly enjoying his cigarette … blowing smoke out of the hole in his neck.

I looked down at my cigarettes, lit one up and told myself to enjoy it as it would be my last.  It was.

I would get up in the middle of the night to go to the bathroom, light a cigarette and smoke it as I stood over the toilet. When I was done, I’d toss it in and go back to sleep.  I would light a cigarette in the morning before getting out of bed. I would use a cigarette as a timer while walking as it usually takes 5 minutes to put one down.  Oh, that’s a 10 minute walk, I can sneak in two butts.  I would get tired walking up a flight of stairs.  This time, I actually threw away my ashtrays instead of just putting them in the closet.  I got rid of my beloved 5lb. brass ashtray I bought for freshman year in the dorms. I threw away all my matches and lighters.The next 6-9 months were awful and painful, but I kept telling myself that I was no longer a smoker and non-smokers don’t smoke.  I repeated this to myself every day, over and over. The gum helped, but I didn’t want to be addicted that either, so I treated it was a clutch. In final moments of going postal, I’d reach for the gum.  Then and only then would I feel the sickness go away with a shot of nicotine through my body.  My co-workers despised me. Then came the dreams. To this day, I will smoke in my dreams and wake up full of shame. Since it happened in a dream, as far as my brain knows, it really did happen. I would wake up thinking that after 10 or 12 years, I would have to start at day 1.  I still don’t mind walking behind somebody on the street smoking, and getting a nice wafty hit in the face. Unlike most people who make faces and sneer in disgust, I actually enjoy it.  I don’t miss everything else about it. I don’t preach, I think people can make their own decisions, I just like to share my story.