Thought i would share my journal. Warning! plenty of words

As part of my weekly post that i promised myself to post on this subreddit to show appreciation for the community for the support, thought i would post my journal which i still keep after ~6months+. A couple of things that helped me earlier that i didnt mention in my journal are
1-3 months
1) urge surfing from MBSR
2) Sleep
3) Stay at home at lot!
4) Jogging 
3-6 months
1) evernote journal (started of daily but now weekly)
2) mindfullness meditation currently 30 minutes a day
3) Replacing with lifting weights and getting into its culture like dieting etc.

So yeah, I d also love your side of story too!! how did you go through all those days/months/years...

##MY JOURNAL###Read from the bottom fo the page
19 Aug
I'm smiling right now to appreciate how big of an impact being cigarette free. I'm also thinking of posting this on reddit for this week's giving back post,..

21 July
Today I'm very grateful that I'm a non smoker. The benefits are just out of this world. i can never imagine the kind of benefits like how i have an evernote system now and meditating almost twice daily....I'm very very grateful.

14 July 
I'm smoke free today =). What a wonderful feeling it is. Though i do have one concern. Perhentian trip. I don't know but I'm just scared that i might relapse. It's not that i want to smoke It's just that I fear My inhibitions will be greatly reduced that i might be proned to smoking. I need help in preparing this trip.

24 june
I was so happy when i met ashley yesterday! why? coz he smoked and i didn't! i used to smoke together with him last time~! and now I'm smoke free! good job ...again, I'm so happy that i had quit smoking.. I need to remember this everytime because quiting ciggies is really a turning point in my life.

23 june 16
IM STILL SMOKE FREE TODAY!!! WOHOO!!! SO GLAD THAT I'm STILL AM! GOOD JOB. THIS IS DEFINITELY A CORNERSTONE HABIT. As i was reading on the net, now i understand why there are so many good things that are happening to me coz quitting smoking is a cornerstone habit. so with that it comes other amazing habits like my superb gtd system.

11 june 16
It's been over a month since ive updated this. So far, Im quite resilient. Among events i can think of that hit half the threshold in terms of cravings is during a gathering with my cousins when they were smoking outside. It felt a little bit odd of course it was the first time. but other than that it was manageable.

7 may 16
Still rocking and smoke free! so many new things happening to me since i quit smoking. its like rainbows raining down over me. I also posted on reddit as part of the routine =)to give back to the community and help others =).

30 apr 16
 i know it very well that overcoming addiction is a lifetime maintenance. Today, again i feel very grateful that I made the most important decision of my life. The amount of strength (physically and mentally) is insane!  

16 apr 16
I am extremely gratefull that I'm smoke free today. there are just too many side effects that its just too many to name. Khairin, Thank you very very very very much for not smoking. You do know it is really priceless... things are apparently going smooth from here and puzzles seemed to be in place one at a time although not as fast. thank you very much. just thanks for not smoking.

9 apr 16
I am very thankful that I am smoke free for 89 days! the benefits are fucking amazing and more and more beautiful things are coming which is truly amazing. so many good things had started to come such as 7 habits, efficiency, my friends actually praising me. well done! there are many beautiful things that are getting into my life, im bodybulding, learning how to planche etc. Well done! good job. pat your self once on the back. the amount of money you saved. it's outrageous.

4 apr 16
Definitely there are many ups and downs. today after jogging i actually felt a bit weird. thinking about how i would smoke and the feeling i would get. also remembering the times where i would smoke during break fast was somewhat disturbing. but the most that i had felt was during the trip with soyou when i was on the tree, i felt a need to actually smoke. also yesterday when i was with hana and soyou at the arab shop i also felt like smoking which was really confusing. I thought i'm close to mastering my addiction but evidence is showing otherwise. i actually smoked shisha on that day. Hanging out with my friends is getting more and more weird nowadays as i get bored pretty easily.  
 
12 mar 16
damn im so proud of myself for reaching this far. also there was a moment last monday or one of the days on this week where i felt really thankful. I felt that the money spent is just not worth it and the health impact is absurd. Anyways, Good job! no more weird smelling body and breath. no more dry lips. no more feeling superdry per se.

6 mar 16
nothing much to think of. other than that, been going strong so far. Im very proud of my self for doing this and still maintaining it like a champ. i still get a craves every now and then but other than that, its all good, cravings are under control. 

22 feb 16
smoke free...temptations are not so strong nowadays at all. its been a week. all i can recall is a strong temp to smoke when was out with vin. other than everything is under control. I notice that when i hang out with smokers my temps to smoke are higher. perhaps i should find more friends that don't smoke. 

21 feb 16
There was a time when the urge to smoke is very strong which is when I was out drinking with lvin. had to actually fight it a little bit and caused a little bit of worry at that time. I must say that it is really not safe to actually drink. very dangerous. But Avi is coming. i Should plan something.

13 feb 16
first week implementing weekly journal instead of daily. Overall, still feel a little bored in a sense that i dont know what to do like last night. but overall its still under control.

12 feb 16
from today onwards, this will be updated weekly instead of daily to reduce demand because nowdays everything is under the control. the onyl thing i need to remember is once an addict is always an addict. this is for situations such as drinking, high etc where your inhibitions are greatly reduced. so remember, once an addict, always an addict.

11 feb 16
Really, i think now its all about maintainence. It's mostly gone and its all about maintaining my abstinence. I should update this weekly instead of daily which waste precious resources.

10 Feb 16
let's talk a little about cravings. currently, there is no significant craving that I noticed today at all...I m planning to actually progress this to mindfulness, in a way shutting this down and moving into a higher order!

10 feb 16
yeah, I'm feeling very confident nowadays but of course i have to keep in mind that once an addict, always an addict. so I must never try to burn even a stick. never ever. Finding something else to do helps a lot in generally. i think one of the key to success is actually to find something else to do.

3 feb 16
Another smoke free day for me. Wohoo! but currently I'm having probs fine tuning my exercise as it is really out of place. i need to retune it but it doesnt conern smoking huh. lets talk aobut smoking. OKay, urges had significantly lowered and it made a huge difference since i started getting interested in to muscle building. new interest had definitely helped a lot and i dont think too much about smoking now which is good. My thohughts are more towards building muscle. next im going to practice mindfullness to really live in harmony with my addiction. I'm aware that, Once an addict, forever an addict.

1 feb 16
3 days missed damn. check out  Daily Checklist Plan on the same date to find out more on some of the factors that contributed to this. Anyways, It is going strong! im still smoke free and still strong! urge is more subtle nowdays. Ive begin training and eating protein too. Finding it to be a really food replacement behaviour. Other than that, things are going great!

28 jan 16
I ordered a protein shake yesterday and is ready to get the ball rolling. again, today i feel a little bit empty. I'm dying to actually want to learn mindfullness and replace this behaviour asap. The emptiness i feel was very prominent after i got back from work and after jogging. On the bright side, i'm actually noticing it is getting lower in intensity, before i used to get it throughout the day but today only 2 major ones identified.

27 jan 16
I'm still struggling with urges goddamn especially after work which is from 5 to the time i sleep. when i went for jogging, urges were very minimal but as soon as i got back, it hit me like a flash flood. On another note, i find a heavy urge to smoke when i feel something big just happened like i got my pay today. it was this weird feeling that i need to enjoy but i just dont know what to do. which is very veyr very weird. It's not the urge but the feeling of nothing. still finding it difficult. so since my monthly pay is in, Im gonna plan on buffing up significantly and also practice mindfullness. we will see from here!

26 jan 16
lets talk about my day. woke up today feeling great as usual although i slept late. if i was smoking id feel very groggy i swear! then at school, i feel no urge at all until after lunch where i felt a little bit when lorna stop by the shop. It wasnt too major. AFter school, was abit restless. didnt know what to do. Just blur. IM actually not sure whether it is the urge or whether i dont have a replacement behaviour. So i'm actually kind a lost in a way just dont know what to do. I headed back home. At home, still feeling clueless. dont know what to do. well, I took a nap. Then i when for a jog. At home in my room, the urges come and go, and everytime it come id feel restless and feel clueless. So yeah. At school, i Kinda feel normal which i really like.

25 jan 16
Suppose to go jogging today but i felt asleep. Cravings are still there but its intensity is getting lesser. Cravings still hit hard after work and currently id still feel restless, dying to find something to do, walking around in and out of the room, drinking water in the kitchen then coming back and repeating for so many times like as if your are stoned. I really think starting mindfullness would be a great synergy together with buffing up my body. this could be  a future target to help replace the behaviour. Currently, the replacement behaviour is eating and i can eat a tonne which is not too good to be honest.

24 Jan 16
I actually took a fast puff from a vape. but i didnt really take pleasure in it. thought that id just give it a try. but nonetheless, i didnt have any intentions of having a quick pleasurable moment so its completely okay IMHO. Other than that, today wasnt really a hard day other than meeting old friends that smoke.. but its rather okay... not too bad

23 Jan 16
Almost two weeks now and I'm still smoke free! congratulations man. Good job. But hey, usually after work, cravings will always kick in. Now, id just sleep after work cos damn i just dont know what to do anymore. argh. most of the time i just feel like i dont know what to do and feel blur which i just dont understand. Actually, I'm not to sure whether it is craving or its actually the behaviour it self so im a little confuse here. damn. But cravings do hit me many times throughout the day. and i get pretty restless. But on the brightside, My teeth is getting damn white! OMFG! Fuck yeas! fucking white! im really enjoying the benefits here. and i dont have bad breath too! its funny now deposits on my bottom teeth is significantly reduced. So happy. Another big benefit that i really enjoy is not having the smell. I feel more confident interacting with people because i dont smell like a rotten flesh. Oh fuck yeah!

12 Jan 16
never really got to ride the wave as it would subside when i start focusing. Anyways, urges are like waves it comes and goes. it's like someone poke you with a needle and run away. thats how you feel. but this time it's a little bit better in a way that i would actually start participating when the urges come trynig to ride the wave.

11 January 2016
First day wasnt too hard thanks to mindfullness and riding the wave terminology. i like when the craving comes and i quickly try to notice and describe it like i were to tell another person. So far, It;s been several spikes through the day. It's not really a constant high craving thing but rather in spikes. But i felt a little bored and sluggish for sure. and also i could feel my heart beating harder than usual throughout the day. also did jogging for 1 round today. Seem to help abit.

10 January 2016
Target date: Monday, 11th January

preparation: hide all triggers

find ways to regulate during cravings

Supplementation:
5 HTP + ECGC

