My Smoking Addiction Story, Seeking Help to Quit

I picked up smoking back when I was around 17 because of a rough relationship I had at the time with my girlfriend. Silly isn't it? Instead of putting my energy towards other therapeutic things such as sports, I went and smoked. The problem I had was that I never openly smoked in front of my friends, but rather whenever I was alone or hanging out with people who saw smoking as socially acceptable, which was seldom. Fast forward a year, I became smoker unknown to anyone around me and was smoking around a pack every two days. Eventually my mother did catch me and I promised her I'd stop, but I never did. I saw myself as a master of stealth, someone who appeared fine on the outside but had a deadly habit rotting him from the inside. 

At 19 years old I was finally legal to buy cigarettes everywhere and I found myself to have become a disgusting mess. I no longer hid my habit and made friends with all the smokers at school. I was getting increasingly fat and my clothes fit me terribly. In addition I was almost up to a pack a day! I couldn't take it anymore I decided I had to make a change for the sake of vanity and not allowing myself to look and feel like such a mess. So I stopped smoking and went for the nicotine gum until I got sick of chewing and quit cold turkey. I disconnected myself from all my smoker friends and clung onto everyone that was against it. I replaced my smoking habit with fitness, got my diet right and worked out regularly. Within 8 months I dropped from 21% body fat to around 12% 

Now into the present, I am now known by my friends as the "fitness" guy, the person who eats right, goes to the gym, has a great body, whatever. But I have also started post secondary school and the schedule/workload has really affected my new lifestyle of fitness. I can no longer have my workouts and meals whenever I want. This leaves me feeling tense like I need a cigarette. Then I slipped up and started taking them from smokers in between classes, then stealing them from my mom's pack when I felt the craving at home, and finally buying my own pack again. 

My problem is that smoking has become from the time I started smoking, something to ease stress, it's therapeutic for me. I'm fully aware of its dangers, but I have a horrible time quitting them for good. I'm ashamed to associate myself as being a smoker and I have trouble telling friends about my problem because they would be in shock that I've kept this habit hidden from them all these years.

Reddit help, I want to quit.