After remaining quit for 37 days I have relapsed on 16th Feb. But I'm not gonna make that relapse a reason to continue smoking.

I have learned from my experience that quitting smoking for forever is doable but not an easy task. Once you mentally start to except the fact that quitting is possible and you can do it and you are happy to face whatever your gonna go through, you start to enjoy remaining quit. Everybody is different and so is their smoking addiction . Nicotine is a very addictive drug. It alters your personality to some extent. It does not matter if you are a chain smoker or a light smoker, when you go cold turkey your nicotine receptors in your brain get deprived and then a simple trigger to smoke cause cravings. Different people have different triggers but mostly they are manageable after a 15-30 days. I have read somewhere that after 90 days of quitting smoking, your brain completely start to behave as a non smokers brain. If you relapse after 90 days, that's not actually a relapse. That is like you get yourself addicted to cigarettes again.
Millions of people have beaten this filthy addiction in spite of having a stressful life.
I'm going to change and I want to see people change for good.
 I have distinguished the very last cigarette of life without any planning , I just thought if I smoked another cigarette I would have to smoke another after a while, so why not let's just not smoke another cigarette.
I'm turning 25 in less than 2 weeks. So why not celebrate my birthday as a non smoker. I have already smoked for more than 6 years, why not stop it right now and make it my past.

These are my problems that I faced whenever I tried to quit 

1. I am easily irritable
2. Always find myself making situations worse
3. Unnecessary arguments
4. Lack of interest in life
5. Extreme mind Fog
6. Sudden mood swings
7. Very grumpy

Well, now I'm gonna make sure that whatever I feel inside, I am not gonna express them with my actions. I mean I will make sure I'm not hurting anybody or myself. I will be aware of my words and actions. I will be very vigilant this time. Because when I create a stressful situation I try to convince myself that a cigarette might help. Well we all know this is how an addicted brain thinks.

I'm writing all these here so that I can come back and read whenever I will be having difficulties to remained myself that what I have promised myself. 

Guys, let's quit Smoking for Good. 