Recovering addict smoking 50 cigarettes a day, where to even begin?

Hello Reddit, this is my first post so bear with me. For the sake of context I was addicted on and off to methamphetamine for 3 years. I chose to quit for good recently by setting up a solid support system. I started seeing a therapist and let those closest to me, who had no idea, aware of my addiction, all of whom have been incredibly supportive. I have successfully been clean from meth for 6 weeks. I also broke up with my girlfriend of 2.5 years while I was using and came clean to her about my addiction when I ended everything. I told her I was in a bad place and needed time away to get myself to a better place. While supportive, she was also insistent that I give her space to move on. We have spoken a handful of times but despite my desire to rekindle things now that I am clean and in a better place she has made it clear to me that she does not want that. As hard as that has been to hear, I respect her honesty and decision and have not been in contact since and made every effort to move on.

My problem now is that I feel I have replaced one addiction with another. I have been a smoker on and off since I was 18, more off than on. I am 29 now and have found myself turning to cigarettes as a coping mechanism. I smoke rolled unfiltered cigarettes, about 50 a day lately and I hate it. I love the act of smoking, I'm a bar manager and have a lot of down time when I'm at work, alongside the mental anguish I'm experiencing over the loss of a lover these two factors are making it very easy for me to chain smoke cigarettes. What I hate is that I can feel the toll it is taking on my body. I rarely eat because I have no appetite, I find myself shaking uncontrollably at times, which I assume is a result of the lack of food combined with the overstimulation from so much nicotine. I am also not sleeping well and wake up daily with a raw sensation in my stomach which I can again only assume is a lack of food combined with too much nicotine. 

If anyone has good suggestions on ways to cut down, ways to manage the emotional anguish or just any helpful advice/support/criticism I am incredibly open to it all. I'm in a delicate place at the moment and reaching out to others has proven to be the healthiest way to cope with everything I'm struggling with. I know this can be a hostile community at times, as well as a very supportive one but I have pretty thick skin, so lay it on me.

Ps. I understand this post covers a lot of different topics and this might not be the most appropriate subreddit for it, I apologize if that is that case.