Fuck. Just, fuck..

Hello. It's me again :D

I've been focusing so much to my relationship with alcohol that I've completely ignored my authentic desire to quit nicotine as well. There will never be correct time to quit anything nor will it ever be easier/harder now than in a different time and place..

We've had some rough time with my wife which affects our whole family. She is heavily depressed and is treated for it. I also have severe issues which are not yet treated by medication or by professionals. She is suicidal, I'm not. We are of course different in more ways than that but this is the deal breaker (being suicidal) which is the red flag for so many things and why she is treated.

My journey with these legal, yet so dangerous substances has reached the point where I know I am better without them. Rationalization phase is pretty much done and needs to be integrated to my subconscious. This might be the worst time to quit any or both of them, yet I feel like this is the perfect time. 

\~1 year ago I started to really question everything. I've taken more spiritual (not religious) approach to stuff. I've really questioned my whole life, with and without these substances. I've questioned all my big decisions. I've questioned my relationships.

My current feeling is because of nicotine withdrawal but I feel like every single thing ever existed is direct insult towards me, my being. I feel like I understand my wives condition and be there for her but she just can't understand me. 

I've done numerous "tests" online to measure my depression levels, mental locks (I'm not quite sure what's the correct word but this means issues what are led from childhood and means negative feelings/emotions) etc. One test claimed that I am more leaned towards dopamine driven behavior than F.E. serotonin. I've read about dopamine + addiction link and it's scary stuff. This is all about my brain chemistry for now and it should pass but even if I can 100% rationalize it, the emotion and feeling tells me I'm doomed. 

At least the descriptions in all these tests are quite accurate. I realize it can be also some sort of placebo, I want to believe these things and it creates false self-diagnosis.

There is not much of an agenda or a point in this post. I just want to write this down. This situation is so surreal in every way possible, for my standards at least that it almost makes me laugh. I was absent from alcohol for 3 weeks prior to my wives mental breakdown and things seemed to be nice. I smoked even more but I thought "whatever it takes" to not to drink. Now I really feel I cannot accept me being chimney because of that.

Every single cigarette repulses me. Yet I chain smoke. I was a pack a day smoker prior to this. Now I smoke 30-50 cigarettes per day. Or did prior to this decision to quit.

I'm not at all convinced I will be able to do this. But I will fight.