Former smoker sharing his story

Hello reddit.
My hope with this post is that someone might make use of how I quit, wont sugar-coat it, it's not going to be easy, actually it'll most likely be hell.
I started smoking at the age of 13 (currently 24) however I didn't smoke regularly until the age of 15ish. I reached a point where I was smoking about a pack a day, propably a lot less than some of you. I was forced to join the army, which increased the amount of cigarettes I smoked a lot! 3 day "training mission" 10 packs of cigarettes easily gone.

I returned to being a student with very low income, and one day at school I thought to myself "What the hell are you smoking for?" so I decided that day to quit. When school was over, I crumbled what was left of the pack (about half) and threw it out. No last cigarette or anything, that'll only make things worse.

I personally think that actually crumbling up the cigarettes instead of saving them, or waiting with quitting until there was none left helped me a great deal, it was tough mentally to do, but it felt great afterwards to know that I had the willpower which egged me on.

This was quite close to exams as well which made quitting even less fun, since I would have no means to calm my nerves before doing an exam.

However I am happy to say that I have been smokefree close to 3 years now. 

I don't feel healthier, I don't feel happier or sadder, the biggest treat for me is the economy bit, I could instantly feel that I had dropped the pack a day on my cashflow.

I still feel like smoking from time to time, but it doesn't happen very often anymore, the worst is social events though, I would suggest avoiding them until you feel comfortable not smoking. I had a week moment about 1½ years after I quit at a BBQ-party where I had a cigarette, or I tried to, and almost coughed up my lungs and puked, which leads me to believe quitting was the best thing, and starting again wouldn't make much sense either.

Sorry I don't have any proper advices, but if this helps just motivate 1 person this post will have been worth it.
