Almost 2 months..still feel bad af :/

Don't wanna be a Debbie Downer, but I am almost 2 months in after quitting 'cold turkey' and despite trying to stay positive, it has been very difficult lately :( I just feel stuck in this vicious cycle of feeling bad af :(  I am still struggling with fatigue and brain fog, but having random physical symptoms that come&go has been a persistent problem as well.. It's like a sequence of the same symptoms in a constant rotation - couple of days it will be sinus congestion & headaches, then that goes away and is replaced by being bloated & having stomach issues, then chest congestion &sore throat.. Tbh,I am at a loss as to what to do about it anymore, these symptoms just come an go no matter what I do, and I rarely have them at all at the same time.. I  do realize that based on that description, I prob sound like a rare medical phenomenon that should be studied by science:D but it kind of sucks going through that and not knowing how to remedy it or when will it cease :/
 
I am not taking any medications, I wanna stay away from medicating with OTC for the headaches, and as for the rest, i just drink plenty of water, herbal teas, and use saline solution rinse for the sinuses. I have been to the doctor, he gave me a physical, did CRP blood test to check for infection or inflammation (came back negative). He also sent me in for another chest x-ray (I wanted to do that just in case,despite having had one that came back clear less than 6 months ago) and also for a stomach ultrasound.. I am also planning to ask him for a spirometry test that's used to check for COPD just to be sure.
 
It's quite ironic really, cs I never felt so sick and tired as a smoker, I was always feeling quite all right.. and since I quit I just feel like a complete wreck:( Having said that, I do realize that I am going through this because I smoked and not because I quit.. But still FFS, I thought it will get a little bit easier by now,not expecting a miraculous improvement, but still..
 
I was hoping to get any opinions and advice and to ask when did you start feeling an improvement. Also any tips and tricks on what helped you speed up the process or alleviate some of the physical symptoms will be very much appreciated :)
 
P.S. On the upside, been feeling so down and concerned about my health that I haven't even thought about smoking. Don't have any serious cravings and after going through the past (almost) 2 months I am actually convinced I will never smoke again!I mean, going through the 'cold turkey' quit related withdrawal again would just be pure masochism :P