FINALLY 1 week down!!!

Hey everyone! So I’ve finally hit 1 week, 0 nicotine.  I’ve posted on here before because I was struggling. I genuinely couldn’t make it past 24 hours. Read carrs book, watched the DVD, did everything I could. Wasn’t working. 

So I finally picked up a vape and made it about 10 days without a cigarette. I went from 22-0 mg of nicotine in about 1.5 weeks. Then spent 3 days on 0 nicotine before I smashed the vape. 

Now that I’m past a week without the vape or nicotine in general. I wanted to share some tips that helped me get free after months of countless attempts. 

1. Write down a list of reasons to quit, every time you crave, read it again. And again. And again. It never made my cravings go away. But it cemented in my mind the reasons why I was putting myself through this. 

2. Read Carr’s book.  Although I wouldn’t say it was a miracle book for me. It really does help dispel many of the illusions you may have about quitting and nicotine addiction. 

3. Realize that it’s okay if you’re struggling to quit. Not everyone reads carrs book and suddenly is able to quit smoking. We all have different motivations and ways to get through withdrawal. It’s normal to have a tough time, just don’t give up.  I’m my opinion, do whatever it takes for you to quit. NRT, cold turkey, hypnosis, etc. It’s your life, quit however you can. 

4. Lastly, nicotine cravings are temporary. This is where I failed the most. I would crave, sit and constantly stress over it. Then buy a pack. When I quit though, I kept thinking “this will pass, let it wash over you”. Instead of getting up to fight back against the craving. I just tried to relax and realized that it would go away. Every time I resisted the craving, the next got easier. It’s hard, no denying that. But it’s truly worth it. It was also hard to wrap my head around a life without smoking/nicotine. But even after just a week, that feeing has lifted. It gets better. 

Thanks again, to everyone who’s given support over the last few weeks. I’ve learned a lot and I’ll be here if anyone ever needs help. 

If you’re struggling!! Keep trying. You will do this. 