Day 5 and feeling good

Last night I shared with my friends on Facebook that I've quit smoking. It feels like a big step. It represents moving on from the "trying to quit" mindset to the "successfully have quit" mentality. I've been afraid to embrace non-smoker status during my previous attempts, and I think it's a big part of why I failed before. Or maybe I should think of those times as rehearsals rather than failures.

Today is a planned rest day, but I've been biking, swimming, running, and/or weight training every day. I am feeling improvements in my cardiovascular endurance every day since quitting as I my capacity to take in oxygen increases. It's actually hard for me to stay still right now. I'm kind of itching to go on a run around the neighborhood, but I know that rest days are just as important as any other component of my training routine.

My appetite is insane. I worked my first smoke-free shift at the restaurant where I bartend Tuesday night. I ate two dinners there, about three hours apart, and I was still hungry when I got home. I'm not worried about gaining weight since I've ramped up my physical activity. I'm more concerned about eating enough to sustain my increased activity levels and not lose weight. So increased appetite is a positive thing for me.

Today will be a new challenge - making it through a shift at my other job. I work one day a week at a friendly neighborhood dive bar. This particular workplace is a minefield of triggers. It's a day shift and it doesn't start getting busy until about 5pm. I'm accustomed to smoking a cigarette about once every hour to alleviate boredom. I also sweep up the patio where there are always a bunch of cigarette butts, or even whole, unsmoked cigarettes, lying around. It's usually a pretty low pressure job, but on those rare occasions when it is stressful, it can be harrowing. But I've got three pieces of gum left, I have a book to read on breaks, and I'm determined to stay quit this time.

I welcome your prayers, chants, positive vibes, good juju, and/or best wishes for yet another smoke-free day.