22 days in and no signs of slowing.

Hey guys,

I've only browsed here a few times and I've never posted, but I just wanted to thank you for providing all the support you do even to those who just lurk. 

Three of my friends and I all quit on Jan 2. The fact that we were the only remaining smokers in my friend group, and that we all quit at once was a game changer for me. On previous quit attempts, I could hardly make it past a few days because of the temptation of bumming a smoke from a friend. It was just too easy and I couldn't help myself. 

I've noticed in the past that when I really knew I couldn't smoke, it wasn't a problem to withhold. For example when on vacation with my family, to whom I was always too ashamed to admit that I smoked. 

I have listened to an audio book of Allen Cars easy way, and I thought it was brilliant that he tells you to keep smoking until the end. Unfortunately I never had the balls to listen to that last cd. I still feel like what I did listen to was of great value to me. The recognition that the withdrawal from nicotine is mild compared to that of other drugs, or that using other nicotine products is a slippery slope were very helpful in shaping my mentality about quitting. 

Having said that, I did buy one weeks worth of nicotine patches just to get through what I knew would be the worst week. I think that was really important in helping me break the habitual side of it. It's been cold turkey since those were used up. 

22 days in and I'm feeling as resolved as ever. I'm still reminded of smoking when I see others doing it, but I know in my heart that those aren't for me any more, and it actually leaves me feeling more resolved than ever. And I'm also noticing that I don't even think about them anymore during what would previously be ritual smoking times, like after meal or between classes. 

I think the fact that my friends quit was a very important factor to my success, but I'm at the point now that even if they were to falter, I would not be dragged back down with them. The only thing I regret is not being able to tell my parents how proud I am of myself for this. 

I was one of those kids who said they would never smoke. I had all the information I needed to make that decision since elementary school. I think one thing I can take away from this whole business of being addicted to nicotine is a healthy respect for addiction of any substance, and sympathy for those whose lives have been touched by it. 

Thanks for your support everyone <3