Will was tested

So I quit on 12/8.  I had a few good stretches earlier this year that taught me a lot about what to expect, where my weak spots were, and ultimately how much I really, really wanted to quit smoking.  I came to a point where I realized that the key to ME being happy was being healthy, and to get there that I needed to quit smoking (and drinking).  So far, so good.  I have two little ones who are helping keep me focused.  Even though I never smoked in the house, or around them at all, I've noticed that even in this short amount of time that both are breathing easier and coughing less.  3rd hand smoke is a thing!  

Anyways, wanted to mention how I was tested yesterday.  Back in June/July during one of my attempts, I was walking my dog and we walked past a pack of cigarettes on the ground.  It was a mostly full pack, dropped or tossed by somebody else trying to quit I'll never know.  I left them where they were that day and that was that.  The next day I was overcome with cravings.  I rushed home from my office (an hour drive) and parked as near the spot where I had seen the cigarettes as possible.  I practically ran to them, found them, and then disappointingly discovered that the light rain/fog from the night before had ruined them.  Oh well.  I later ended up caving to cravings - probably because I had already decided that I was giving up.  

Fast forward to yesterday.  10 days into a new quit.  Feeling strong mostly, but also battling cravings on and off through each day.  I found myself WISHING that I would find a pack of cigarettes like before.  I swore that I'd smoke them.  I have no other way to get cigarettes.  I've turned over my debit card, cash, and credit cards to my wife to keep hidden from me for now.  Well I get home from work and take my animal out and what do I find casually tossed underneath a nearby tree?  A near full pack of Marlboro reds.  I don't even smoke them but I scooped that pack up off the ground and shoved them into my pocket.  I aborted the dog walk and immediately fled home with plans to destroy my tiny, newborn quit.  I got to my house and pulled one of those cigarettes out of the pack.  It all seemed too convenient suddenly.  It felt like I was being tested and that THIS test was a very important pass/fail that would determine the rest of my life.  I found a moment of strength, turned on the sink and ran those cigarettes under the water before I could rationalize smoking.  

I woke up feeling a lot like yesterday.  Still a bit of a cloudy head.  Mild depression.  Persistent, albeit weak, cravings that come come and go.  But you know what I don't feel like?  I don't feel like a failure.  I don't feel like a weak willed person.  I don't feel like I let myself down.  I don't feel like I let my family down.  

Looking forward to making it to the long weekend at home and enjoying the holidays as my mind and body continue to heal.  I held what my addiction wanted most in my hands and had the strength to say no.  I hope that you can find the strength to do the same.

Thanks for listening!