5 years

I smoked for 14 years and as of this past April, I am 5 years nicotine free.  I just wanted to give you guys some encouragement and share some of the things that worked for me.

For one, I quit mostly cold turkey.  But I kind of tricked myself about it.  I didn't tell myself "this is my last cigarette."  I chose a day I had off and over the course of 24 hours, I added an hour between my cigarettes.  Initially, I would have a cigarette every hour.  Pushed it to two.  Then three. etc.  I continued until it was time to go to sleep and I was up to 8 hours.  Made for a perfect segue.  I figured I'd be able to have my next smoke when I woke up.

That morning, I woke up and watched the clock for my next smoke.  8 hours on the nose came around and I thought "you know what?  I can do 9 hours."  9 hours came and went..."I can do 10!"  This went on until I got to 24 hours and it was less difficult than I thought it would be.  I decided I could do this.

My bargains with myself started sounding like "I'll smoke tomorrow.  I can make it one more day."  After I had gone 3 days without smoking, it became a test of my will power and I decided to make some changes.

I went out and bought a bunch of tactile snacks.  Sunflower seeds, in the shell.  Vitamin C drops.  Rice cakes.  I used them to satisfy my need to do something with my hands and mouth.  

When I got a peak in a craving, I immediately got up and exercised.  Sit ups, brisk walking.  Push ups.  Planks.  Inside a week I felt amazing.  I could breathe.  Food tasted different.  I was getting toned.  My cravings were manageable.  Then I got sick.  

When I was a smoker, I got bronchitis every single year, so at first I thought it was more of the same.  It wasn't.  I can only describe it as my lungs deciding it was time to do spring cleaning in the form of huge wads of mucus and constant wheezing and coughing.  Luckily, I had no desire for a cigarette at this point.

When I came out of it, life was grand.  I finally threw away the pack of cigarettes I had left.  It had been important for me to know they were there, for it to be MY choice not to smoke them.  But I no longer needed them there.  I gave away my ashtrays.

One of the weirdest things that I did not anticipate was the dreams.  I would have random dreams where I would reach for a cigarette and feel deeply ashamed about having let myself down.  And even upon waking, it was difficult to remind myself that I had not had a slip.  These dreams lasted for about 2 years.

Still today when I talk about or think about smoking I get that tightness in my throat that reminds me of a drag and I remember the comforting feel of a cigarette between my fingers.  I think there will always be some part of me that misses it, but I'll never go back.

You can do it and you won't regret it.