It feels like it's getting harder and looking bleaker - I'm panicking. Please help.

I smoked a pack a day for 11 years and after reading the Allen Carr book for the 2nd time I stopped a few days ago.  Strangely, the 2nd day seemed the easiest and it's getting harder since then.  I'm over the 3 day hump so I know this is all or mostly mental but goddamn, things seem pretty bleak.  I'm reading through the book a 3rd time really hoping I "get it" this time and have some questions/concerns that I really hope someone can help me with.

People say things like "the cravings only last a few minutes", but it isn't like that for me.  The cravings are essentially constant and I can barely concentrate or distract myself for more than a few minutes before thinking of buying a pack.  I fidget, my palms sweat, I can't think straight, I'm a worthless wreck.

In the book he describes he was "instantly freed".  When people ask him if he ever gets the occasional pang/craving he says he honestly replies with "No, Never".  After reading this subreddit I've seen several 1+ year ex-smokers saying the exact opposite.  They say things like "yea I get cravings, but they're less frequent/intense".  Do these people (and me) simply not get the Easyway or is Allen full of shit?

I hear people say things like "it gets easier" but nobody every talks about it getting EASY.  They talk about it getting "better" but never about it being GOOD.  I feel like I'm just burning time waiting and hoping tomorrow with be an tiny bit easier, but the last few days certainly haven't.

It's like I'll be fighting a losing battle for the rest of my life either way - if I light up again I'll be burning money, health, potential romantic relationships, etc.  But if I can't "get it" I'll be battling cravings/smoking thoughts the rest of my life.  I'm trying to stay positive, but goddamn it's nearly impossible.  I've been pretty down the past few days.  How do you stay positive?  I can't seem to will myself into happiness/positivity.  Do you literally think about rainbows and glitter (or whatever)?

Please help, anyone, anything.  I need something.  Thank you for your time.