I need a female perspective: Is the irritability associated with nicotine withdrawal similar to the irritability associated with PMS?

Ladies of /r/stopsmoking, I need your perspective. More importantly, though, I just need to vent and have no one to vent to at the moment. 

I've been a tobacco user on and off for the past eight years or so. Over the past year, my usage went up to very high levels until I decided to quit. I'm on day ten or so. Needless to say, it's been really, really hard. It doesn't help that some extremely stressful things have happened in my life over the past week that are completely coincidental to my tobacco cessation. I've been extremely anxious and irritable, short with my loved ones, and time seems to go very, very slowly. 

I decided to quit in part for my fiance's sake. It's not fair to her that I have a habit that is almost guaranteed to make me have a shorter life span than her, and she has sat me down and talked to me about this several times. 

That being said, me deciding to quit hasn't been the let's-hang-a-congratulations-banner-and-support-jackson3125 that I thought it would be from her when I surprised her with my decision. The only times it comes up are when I bring it up, and asking her if I'm doing a good thing/job is like pulling teeth. The only time she has more than maybe a short sentence to add to the conversation is if I mention that part of me wants to give up and try again later. In short, it's been pretty demoralizing. 

Today, she told me I've been cruel lately. I agreed, apologized several times, and tried to explain to her what the irritability feels like when you stop using tobacco. I didn't use it as an excuse, but more as a reason and a cry for help of sorts. Instead of being understanding and comforting, she just lashed out at me and said it's just like having PMS.

I. was. pissed. She has never used tobacco in any form and has no idea what it's like other than what I've tried to tell her. These are the thoughts that streamed through my head: What the hell is the point of going through all this damn psychological torture if she's not even outwardly grateful? How dare she compare severe nicotine withdrawal to PMS irritability? (For reference, it got to the point where I had a dip/snus in my mouth 8-10 hours out of the day) Fuck this, I quit. Where the hell is the nearest convenience store, a goddamn spite parliament sounds like the most delicious thing in the world right now. 

It ended up causing a huge argument where I demanded she say out loud that nicotine withdrawal is worse than PMS and she outright refused. Petty on my part, I know, but going through hell for someone feels pretty shitty when they tell you definitively that hell isn't so bad (even though they've never been). 

Well, I'm not going to relapse. I'm too stubborn to let myself be weak, or at least I would like to think so. Regardless, I'm still fuming and was hoping you guys could help or chime in on everything.

What I want to know from the ladies of /r/stopsmoking is whether she is right - is the irritability associated with PMS anywhere near the level of irritability associated with severe nicotine withdrawal? 

Do any /r/stopsmoking males or females have general commentary about dealing with loved ones who think quitting tobacco is not hard? I need some support right about now. 

**TL;DR: How does PMS irritability compare to nicotine withdrawal irritability? What tips does anyone have about dealing with non-smoking loved ones who think stopping smoking is easy?**