This wont be a popular one but its true, 3 years since I quit and where I am now.

3 years ago today I quit smoking, I went from 20 a day for 7 or 8 years solid to 0 a day.  It sure as hell wasn’t easy for the first few weeks. And if im honest the next few months after that I still got sudden cravings. 

I gave up using the same technique my granddad used when he was told of he didn’t quit he would die. I picked a date, something relevant (in my case it was the last exam I had in Uni) a couple of months in advance and decided I would smoke as much as I wanted all the way up to the exam and have my last one before I went in to the exam. 

I didn’t tell anyone I was giving up until I was a week in. 
I kept a pack on me at all times for the first 6 months, I still have it.  I just told myself I could have one any time I wanted, but give it 5 minutes and see how I feel then.  I literally got through the first few weeks 5 minutes at a time. 

Now 3 years in I no longer get cravings at all.
Now for the bit you will be down voting me

After 3 years I am treating myself to a Cigar, it’s a Romeo Y Julieta a friend brought back from Cuba.  I know this won’t be popular on here but this is the point I always wanted to get to and feel I am at now.  I always thought of cigars as something different, not a habit but a treat.  Something I have maybe twice a year.  

It won’t be my first since I Quit and it won’t be my last, but finally I can indulge without worrying about a relapse. 

We all have our own goals, some want to be smoke free forever, I wanted to be at the point where on occasion I could indulge in something I enjoy, something I used to use to mark special occasions and something I can enjoy with friends. 

Feel free to down vote me in to oblivion, I wish you all the best with your struggles with various vices. Just remember the key isn’t patches, gum, preachy books (I hated Carrs book) or hypnosis. Its 3 simple things. 

1 Wanting to quit.
2 Picking a date and sticking to it!
3 Taking it one baby step at a time. 

TLDR: I quit 3 years ago but I still like to enjoy a cigar. 


UPDATE: incase anyones interested, the day after and no cravings whatsoever.  
