I reached my first '100 days' after 6 years. Here's how I did it and you can too.

I made it past 3 months without a single cigarette. And that statement is one hundred percent true - no cheating! I am quite surprised I pulled this off. I didn’t plan extensively for it. I didn’t quite actively fight it. Sure, there was days with urges; But here I am. What allowed me to not smoke a cigarette again? 


I must tell you of the fight that lead up to this point. It has been at least a year’s struggle. A year where every cigarette I smoked, each day, was ridden with guilt. Finally, I had had enough. But what made it possible was where I was in life. I was doing so bad with my other aspects of my life, that I wanted a win. After successfully reducing the number of cigarettes everyday, to quitting for not more than 3 days multiple times, I finally had enough momentum to keep me going. There was no moment where I had the epiphany, where I could say, “And it was during that moment I decided to quit………”; That is glamorous and I chased it, quite naively, for months. At least for me, it didn’t work. Looking for that moment was only counter-productive. So I started with wanting only my abstinence number to increase. 

Over the years, I developed breathing issues. Shallow breath and blocked nostrils ALL THE TIME! All the terrible breathing issues and the constant fear of contracting some sort of chronic disease was what got me started. . I remember how every other failure in my life was only worsened with cigarettes around.

The initial days were very hard. After 6 years of smoking, every part of you has come to associate with it. Need a break? Stressed? Celebrate? Make a new friend? Had a heavy lunch? Feeling sleepy? Coffee? Beer? Before bed? After dinner? Just woke up? A wonderful view while you were travelling? Talking to a friend over the phone? Sad and depressed? Just rained? Breezy night? Just had sex? Met an old friend? Favourite location? Have exciting news? Intense meeting? Interval in a movie? Out on an errand? Just ran? Just finished up at the gym? Want to be alone? Want to think? Want to plan? Reading the paper? On the way to work? Just finished work? – Let’s light up! I am not sure how pervasive the habit has been in your life, but this was how it was in mine. I ploughed through these reminders EVERY, SINGLE DAY.


You have to have the will to want to be better. With this will on auto-pilot, I moved on to focusing on other areas of my life where I was having little success. Perhaps that’s how I began getting distracted. Eventually, the struggle to quit was in the background. I only had to remind myself that I had quit.

I picked up newer habits. Working out. I remember how running was a huge influence. The first time, I could hardly run a few kilometres without going out of breath. I always liked to run. I wanted to run more, and I remember that was a huge motivation.

It didn’t help that all my friends were, and still are, smokers too. At first they will cheer you on. Then they will mock you, not out of some sinister motive, because they’re just surprised to see you go beyond your 2-3 days. Then they’ll call you hypocritical if you don’t join them for smoke breaks or ask them not to blow straight at your face. Then after more sarcasm, they will begin to respect you. Mine have. 

After every trigger, I sucked it up. I would remember how people who have never smoked would deal with life on a daily basis. At first, it was scary because I didn’t know what I had to do. I remember during the early days of the struggle, how I would just linger around for an hour with nothing else in my head except just rationalizing another relapse. At these moments of strong urges, I noticed that nothing helped. No activity, no book, no music, no snack, nothing would make it go away. Nothing but your wish for a healthier life. And then the success is cascading. I’m glad I discovered that.


I know my battle isn’t over. Its everyday. Arrogance will get you only so far. 100 days are but a small milestone. I must anticipate days in the future, over the years, where I might relapse – but I believe my success is now in identifying myself as a non-smoker, remembering what a relapse felt like, knowing what benefits abstinence brought and being better equipped to deal with life without cigarettes.


**Lessons Learned :-**

1. You can quit only when you want your quality of life to improve - FOR GOOD. 

2. You have to remember that you will continue to lead a life after quitting; From the outside, and to others, not much would have changed. But you'll know the difference. 

3. You will see / feel differences as early as 10 days. 

4. Quitting is tough and its constant. 

5. You can start with replacing smoking by good habits, but after a few days, the good habits have to be a lifestyle, otherwise, forever, you will need a crutch.

6. You need to begin to look forward to a new sense of identity. 

7. Smoking is not cool. I am 22. And just when I've dropped it, people here, men and women alike, are just experimenting. I see it everywhere. But hey, we know better! 

8. Reducing triggers help, but look beyond. Tactical advantages may help, but you must have an overall strategy for a better life - health, career, family, whatever. 

9. Don't know anything about patches, gums, etc., sorry. I didn't need them.

10. Know there will be days where a relapse might occur. But now you're experienced, so you always immediately start to fight back.

11. For a while, there will be resistance from your smoker friends / social circle. Expect it. A lot of success is based on anticipating where your failures might come from and actively doing things to avoid it. If you can't do anything to actively avoid it, just being aware of it will help you. Your mind will internalize your fight. 

12. If quitting cigarettes are all you think about, all day, everyday, for weeks, then you really have big problems in your life which you don't even know about. 

13. Its not at all tough after the first few days. 

14. I have urges once every few days now. 

15. STRONG urges have completely stopped.

16. I save a lot of cash. But, I'm not very confident about this point being a motivator. Its a good addition and that's it, if you ask me.

Good luck,
Regards,
JA

TL;DR - 22 year old decides to quit after 6 years. Tries for a year unsuccessfully. Reaches 100 days after wanting, very badly, to improve health and life. Explains how he did it. At least read the 'lessons learned'. I'm trying to keep you from dying!

