From cigarettes, to electronic cigarettes, to lozenges, to frigid poultry. Two delirious weeks.

Howdy! I have been poking around this forum for the last couple weeks. About 3 years ago I quit smoking cigarettes using an e cig. I have been using it consistently since. I was hopelessly addicted to nicotine, and with an e cig I was getting a lot. I could use the device day and night, so in reality, I was probably getting more nicotine than I cared to realize. I had also started using nicotine lozenges while working when I could not use my e cig. 13 days ago I gave up my e cigarette for good, because anyone who knew me knew how much of an addict I truly was. Initially, I started using only the nicotine lozenges at 4mg a piece, but within four days, I started to panic that this was not a true step towards being done, but simply swapping out the delivery system to a more discreet one. 7-8 days ago I finished my last mint and went cold turkey. Holy hell, I never expected it to be so difficult. I became extremely ill for days. Only in the past few days have I started to feel slightly normal, and the operative word is slightly.

I'm not worried I'll start again. I know I can be done with nicotine and am unlikely to start up again. I wasn't expecting the process to be as hard as it was. I also find myself very against electronic cigarettes, but logically, I know that just because I was a slave to one doesn't mean everyone might be. The process was hard and still is extremely difficult. It is getting better, but very very slowly. I encourage people to push through the shit of it, but this process blows.

I suppose I don't have much of a reason to post other than to say hello to all of the people who inspired me without knowing it. I have been fairly quiet about the struggle in my personal life, so this forum was essential during the worst of it. So, hello! I haven't had nicotine in 8 days. My skin hasn't stopped crawling quite yet, but I'm happy to be past the worst of it! Thank you to all of you who shared your stories!