Back to square one

This post might be a bit of a rant, but I need to get this off my chest. In no way I mean this to offend or discourage anyone to stop smoking.

Since the last few years I embarked on the self improvement journey, and so far that included more exercising, which I do consistently for six days a week, eat healthier, spend more time at college, studying and reading good material. I lost a few pounds and overall I am finally happier with how I look. 

The biggest motivation to keep improving myself is that I am not happy with the way I am now. Through puberty I decided that it was 'cool' to use alot of mind expanding substances, drink alot and party like there was no tomorrow. I made a few friends along the way, so in this period I thought my social circle was doing fine. Now that I have changed dramatically over the last year and genuinly don't want to do this anymore, people who I thought were my friends are losing interest in me. Up to the point that I feel lonely and fed up with all kinds of emotions longing for a way out, but nobody to talk about.

Cigarettes are my last remaining vice which I want to get rid off, its unhealthy, you smell and its pretty expensive in The Netherlands, where I live. I've discovered, like some of you will resonate with I guess, that I use cigarettes to relieve some of the stress and anxiety. I forget for a while of my loneliness and other feelings (of which I can't talk about because there are some people who know my Reddit username) when I am standing outside and have a smoke. 

I've read Allen Carrs book and I know the theory. Cigarettes are actually increasing stress, increasing anxiety etc. But if I don't smoke, I tend to get out of control, feelings of anger towards life, blaming everyone and everything for my current situation, totally unjustified of course, I am responsible for my own life. But I just can't come to terms with it. This doesn't seem to get better over time. Its clear for me that I use cigarettes as a crutch for unmet needs. The need for companionship, somebody who is always there for me. Though life is bussy, I work alot to pay for college, my home and basic life needs. Then college is also time consuming, so there isn't much room for actual socializing.

I don't know what to do anymore. I want to quit, but I will turn into a raging lunatic. I hope for some advice of fellow quiters who have been in the same situation

For the record, despite what the badge says I just slipped up a few minutes ago.
Thanks for reading, this feels a bit liberating telling some random Internet folks of my situation