Day SIX of my "Triple Quit!"

Hi ya'll. I've always been a lurker stopping by for encouragement, wisdom, and shared life experiences. I think you all are awesome. I'm 31 years old. When I was 19 I tried cannabis for the first time, got drunk for the first time and had my first cigarette. Since then I've became addicted to all three and became a daily smoker of both ganja and cigs and I had quickly became an alcoholic. It runs deep in my family. I love all three. They make me feel whole, but a fucked up kind of whole. As the years have gone by I've slowly noticed a dislike for the way they have changed my mind. The depression has set in, a disconnect in my mind has formed, dependance, anxiety, sadness, confusion and more. I have this fucked up fantasy/perspective of admiration of people like Hunter Thompson, Ernest Hemingway, Jack Kerouac, Meriwether Lewis, and so on. I relate to them, I've traveled a lot, adventured really. I've bicycled across America multiple times, I live on a sailboat, hiked the Appalachian, and so on. Always on the move, always experiencing new things. And it's great, I wouldn't change it for the world, and I'm going to continue. However I have a dark side like so many others and I don't want to die because of it. I want a loving family someday, I want to inspire goodness, I want to do good. But I can't with these clouds of negative energy looming over me. Anyway, I'll keep this brief as I'd like to participate here more in the future and can elaborate at future times. I just wanted to say, today is day six of my triple quit and I'm looking forward to Thanksgiving when I can truly be grateful for a feat that will be the hardest thing I've ever done in my life! That's my first goal. And for the rest of you, keep fighting the good fight and when you fall, just get back up and try again. And again. And again. We'll get it eventually! Cheers!

To add: I will be x-posting this to /stopdrinking &amp; /leaves, I'm not karma whoring, I don't give a shit about that stuff, I just want to put myself out there. See who can relate, share similar stories and find additional encouragement etc as this truly is the hardest thing I will have ever voluntarily done in my life. Thanks!