May Sound Weird to Some, but I Have a Smoking Fetish...and it's Going to Kill Me

Hi everyone,
This may sound weird to most people, but I'm sure there are some who may understand. I decided to post this on the stopsmoking subReddit as opposed to another, but if I should redirect this to a more sexually geared subReddit.

I am a 26 year old male, turning 27 this month. Since I was in high school, I have always found it very attractive to see women smoke. I was never a bad kid (honors classes, A/B student, didn't do drugs, got drunk only once in high school), but the one thing I would experiment with now and then was smoking cigarettes. It was fascinating to me, and it was in high school that I learned that I had a sexual attraction to women that smoke.

I continued to experiment with it off and on, maybe once a month or so, until I was able to buy my own cigs. Once a month turned into a couple times a month, and by the end of my freshman year in college, I had realized I was actually addicted.

Fast forward to today, and I smoke about 8 cigs a day. To most people, I'm a closet smoker, although I don't care about strangers knowing. My girlfriend knows and does not approve of my smoking, although she's cool enough not to harp on me about it (though I might get an eyeroll or a sigh now and then). I love her to death and it I'll admit it's very stressful that I know I'm annoying her with my smoking. She is aware of my sexual attraction to women who smoke, but we don't talk about it. I know she thinks it's a little bizarre, but it never intrudes on our sex life.

I'm posting right now because of some concerns. I'm not overweight or unhealthy looking, but on the inside, sometimes I just don't feel right, and obviously it's from smoking. Oftentimes I'll wake up and I'll notice how fast my heart is beating, or how bad my circulation feels in my hands. I've tried to quit a couple times before, and both times, I could sense how much less tight my chest had felt. As an example, I got to sleep REALLY late last night (because I had some caffeine at work...probably a bad idea), and I woke up this morning with a resting pulse of probably 90-100 bpm. It's like I keep waking up with a rapid heart rate, and it's pretty worrisome. Obviously it has to be from the smoking (although I'm sure a stimulant like caffeine doesn't help).

However hard I try though, I can't quit. On two main occasions, I had tried to quit, and it lasted for about a month. I was trying to work out as best I can, drinking more water, etc...but my attraction to smoking females always rears its head. I'll see some girl or woman having a smoke outside a convenience store, or I'll see a woman step out for a break at work, and it drives me crazy. This attraction I have just makes me want to smoke. If I want to masturbate, smoking is usually my go-to thing, which obviously doesn't help me if I'm trying to quit.

I'll fully admit - I love smoking. I love being able to take a break in my car, or step out on a sunny (or even not so sunny) day. I enjoy the camaraderie I get with other smokers, should I ever strike up a conversation with someone else on a break.

But obviously...it's horrible for me. There are times my body doesn't feel right, and obviously it's from smoking. I don't know what else it would be. I feel like a walking contradiction, in that the main thing I derive sexual pleasure from, is the absolute worst thing I could do to my body. Not to mention how much it costs - over the past 5 years or so, I'm sure it has cost me over $4,000.

I just don't know what to do with this. Obviously, I want to stop smoking, but I also DON'T want to stop, and it's largely because I can't seem to separate my attraction to women smoking, with the act of smoking myself.

How on earth does one even begin to tackle an issue like this? I'm inclined to think I'm hopeless (looking at people who have sexual attractions to things/people their whole lives), but I'm considering talking to a professional about it.
