33 and Diagnosed with COPD

Hello All, 

This is my first official Reddit post. I've been a long time lurker and Reddit fan. Anyhow, I've decided to finally reach out because I am still trying to wrap my head around what my Dr told me on Friday. 

After taking a breathing test similar to a breathlyzer, my Dr comes in and tells me I have COPD. I will turn 34 next month. I've been smoking regularly since I was about 17 years old. 

I was told I have the lungs of a 72 year old. 

I kept thinking, maybe I didn't do the test correctly. Maybe I wasn't blowing hard enough, or long enough. I thought, this can't be true, I don't cough, I don't wheeze, I exercise.. it just can't be true. 

Then I started thinking more.

Maybe the tightness in my chest, and feeling like I can't  catch my breath, isn't anxiety.  

My Mom and I used to live w my grandparents, and my grandpa was a heavy smoker in the house, so maybe those years from age 2-9 were a big deal, when I was exposed to copious amounts of second hand smoke. 

Maybe it shouldn't have come as a shock, since both grandfathers we're diagnosed with COPD. Maybe it should have scared me when they put one grandpa on oxygen full-time, and the other one died from lung and brain cancer and his jaw fell apart from mouth cancer. 

I feel so stupid. So stupid. 

I smoke a half a pack a day of Pall Mall Blues, sometimes a bit more than that. I have the normal habits of smoking after a meal, when I walk the dog, waiting for the bus or a ride, and when I need a break at work or I'm stressed. 

The doctor put me on an inhaler that I have to use once a day, and I set a quit date. My daughter's birthday, 4-18. I signed up for the kit from tobacco free Florida. I got the nicotine gum coming from my health insurance, and the doctor said she would help me to quit by prescribing me some medication and patches. 

The only things I know will be a bit of an issue is that my boyfriend smokes as well, and I am a very habitual person so I know it's very difficult for me to break habits. I have stopped using drugs, but it was not easy. This was the last thing I had.

Today I'm taking my mom out to lunch. I am struggling with whether I should tell her, or whether I should keep the fact that I have COPD to myself. She and I have had some rough patches and I don't want to hear the I told you so's. I want to move past that and have positive support. What if I tell her and she makes me feel badly, and it stresses me to the point where I feel like I need to smoke?

Any advice you can give me would be much appreciated, and I really appreciate you reading my story. Pleasure to meet you all. 

Your Fellow Quitter, 

Darcy