Trigger event and funny memories

Hey guys. I just wanted to share my story brighten some of you early quitter up. Sorry for my English, not native speaker.


I was sick of being addicted. Smoked since 14y old for over 10 years. My GF and I had our 4 weeks holiday in Thailand coming up and I did not wanna step outside the hotel and all that other bullshit smokers do to put their life on hold. 5min breaks during work are important but not during free time. I hope you get the point. 


So after 5 months, my depression is gone, I am starting to loose my 10kg weight gain and a big event is coming up. Every year some friends meet up for a LAN Party. 20 guys in a small room, almost everyone smoking weed and and cigarets. The air is like in a pub. No sleep, only pizza and mountain dew. Ideal condition for a relapse. 

Funny enough, the temptation was not big. Not at all. I was scared of relapsing for weeks but it was not a problem. 

When I got home after 3 days my gf said that I smell disgusting. I took a shower, went to bed and the next morning smelled on my clothes. Funny thing is I liked the smell. And it remembered me of something. I was thinking for half a day what the smell remembered me and this evening I realized it. 


BOOBS!!! My first boobs I could touch and my first LOVE!
Here is the background: When I was 10 or something I fall in love with a girl. We always went to her home and talked for hours in her bed. She was my first love. She was also the only girl who had boobs in our school. So she let me touch her boobs one evening. Her single mother was a smoker. So when I got home I could go to my bed, smell on my clothes and dream of her.... The next 4 years I was never in a second hand smoking environment again. And with 14y old I started smoking myself.  Today is the first day after over 10 years that I smell smoke as a non smoker on clothes! 
It is funny how different smoke smells as a none smoker. 


Second hand smoke seems to be deeply in-printed in my head with boobs and childish love :)

