So i've taken that first step... 2 days down, and many more hard days to go....

Hey, I'm new to reddit, and stumbled upon this subreddit and have been reading a few posts/threads with interest.  I have quit smoking (well, 2 days ago).  I have smoked since I was around 18 (or 19) and am now 31.  The amount I smoke varies, but I reckon I average around 8 smokes a day.  I'm using a vape, it seems to help take the edge off craving.  It's 18mg/ml nicotine, and my grand plan is to slowly ween myself off that, I've read that while nicotine is the most addictive thing in a cigarette that there are other addictive chemicals which are also in them, I'm no expert, and anyway... even if the jury is still out on vaping, there is no way they can be as bad for you as cigarettes.  I found vaping quite difficult on the first day or so, I guess it was just getting that technique down, and anyway, I'm not coughing every time i try!  


The first 2 days have been hard, i've heard days 3-5 are the worst.... so we will see how I cope.  I'm sure many of you have different experiences, I'm feeling anxious right now, but I know I have the mental strength to do this.  I've been getting a lot of heartburn today, but I have also been getting rid of a whole load of mucus.  I've noticed my mouth just feels a whole lot dirtier as well currently,  I guess cigarettes help numb the mouth or something?  Or maybe It's just a coincidence.  so I've been upping the mouthwash a bit.  


The reason I've decided to quit is a mixture of my own health (i've been finding myself getting out of breath doing things I once never had a problem with more and more) and because my mum died a few weeks ago, not of anything smoke related, but she hated the things, we would never smoke in the home, but she thought they were disgusting in general and always urged us to quit.  So now I am, out of respect I guess.  


Anyway, I apologise for what really is just a bit of a ramble.  There is no real reason for this, just a vent of sorts and also to keep my mind occupied as i've been jonesing for a smoke for the past 5 minutes.... it seems to be subsiding now.  Wish me luck, I'm probably going to need it...