Help me Out? 17 and trying to quit or continue nicotine

Little background: 17, smoked ciggarettes for (very roughly my memory is shite) 6-12 months then switched to vaping 3mg juice for a bit then switched to 50 mg nic salts up until present. 

My mom never approved the vaping thing but she understands and pet it slide for a long time until she brought it up for the 53rd time and this time she was serious (her mom used cigs, practicallyfumigated her like it was WW1 somewhat traumatized her),  shes not one for firm repercussions but it bothers her and I like to think I'm decent so I quit cold Turkey without thinking about it. Wanted her to stop feeling bad and I thought I didnt need it that bad. Come to find out you never truly appreciate something's till it's gone. Instantly starts affecting my life: instigating panick attacks that used to be super rare, mental fog that feels like trying to run in a dream, weight gain, unhappiness, stress etc. . Now I know that's all just withdrawal but to be fair as soon as I move out I'm just gonna start again. I have nothing against it and idc what she cares because I'll be an adult and I have not a thing against vaping myself (RIP: my decency). Its my kinda lifestyle, no reason to drop it. Kinda like the percs in the beginning of fallout NV, a minor boost for a minor drawback. So here's the issue, I already stopped, like 2 weeks in, sucks ass. Would continue quitting or alternatively relapse then ween off but by the time I've completely quit, itll be time to start back up. I know dont have to start back up either but I want to. So I'm stuck with quitting forever, going through this shitty useless waste of time to start again after I've moved out or turned 18 (which I doubt is what my mom wants but thatd be difficult to explain to her), or pick it back up now like I never quit and have her be as upset as she used to be until its outta sight outta mind at least. I dont didnt and wont have the time or patience to get a therapist rn or ever I know they're the most effective for stuff like this but I'm my own and the only thing I'd get from a therapists and not from myself would be someone to talk to and that's why I've come here instead. Any ideas or general advice? I dont like bringing it up to my family or friends either cuz all they do is say you can do it and support me quitting but tbh what I want to hear is some support to restart at worst/best case scenario depending how you look at it, some advice that actually makes me want to stop nicotine

Not good with paragraphs or writing at all tbh sorry if you read all that but thank you so much too.

Dont know a good way to tldr this either so sorry again.