My lung collapsed on Thursday, it was the kick I needed.

So on Tuesday night I got a sharp pain in my right lung which would increasingly shorten my breath and amplify the pain at the same time, after ringing the non emergency 111 number they sent an ambulance out to me. After queuing for an X-ray whilst worrying it could be something much worse I was told my lung had collapsed and I would need a chest drain to remove the air that had collected around my lung instead of being used and expelled by them in a normal manner.

So after a 20 minute or so procedure I was left with a tube that comes out from between my ribs under my armpit to a box that sucks the air out of the cavity around my lung which was putting pressure on my abdomen, throat, back and shoulders. I have to carry this around with me and keep it below lung level so it can function, not too much of a hassle but the texture of the pipe going into the box is quite grippy in nature and likes to stick to bed sheets and hospital gowns etc, you can imagine this to be troublesome.

Currently the box has no use as it has served its purpose and my breathing has returned pretty much to normal, I'm now awaiting another X-ray to decide if I can either go home today, need a new drain in a different spot around the lung or another procedure to make the lung adhere to the ribcage to lower the chance of it happening in future. 

The initial pain before going to hospital was one thing but I cannot describe the discomfort of waking up from the only 30 minutes of sleep you've had in 2 or 3 days to feel the tube has twisted and is poking around at stuff inside my body.

These past few days have been an absolute horror and I'm currently sat in a chest ward with people a lot older than me who are coughing their guts up with various lung problems, this is only serving as a look into the future that might lay ahead of me and I've recently found out the bed I took in this room just last night was occupied by a man who died an hour before I was moved here. Again, presumably from lung problems.

Anyway guys I thought I'd just share a quick snippet of my week as I'm quite bored and hopefully help it sink in for myself a little bit more, ironically I'd actually decided to stop smoking this weekend just gone before this happened but it wasn't soon enough. 

Apologies if I've butchered any sentences, I really haven't slept properly since Monday night/Tuesday morning.

Good luck folks, I'm confident I will be okay but I am myself and fortunately quite healthy other than being a smoker.

EDIT: Title should say Tuesday! God help me

Update: I'm just awaiting a discharge letter so I can go home, I still have a small air leak but it's nothing to worry about, I'm due a follow up scan next week, I've been lucky to avoid any further procedures at the moment and I hope it stays that way, thanks for the messages and kind words.