Wanting to quit

I’m 20 years old and I started smoking at 18 in college. You know how it goes, I hung out with people who smoked and I’d bum a few every now and then. Then one day I bought my own pack and started my journey down the road of addiction. 

At first I only smoked with my friends, then I started smoking while driving, my pack went from lasting a week, to lasting 3 days if I was lucky. Then when I moved into my own place and I’d get off of work and just finish the pack before bed. Next May will make 2 years since I started smoking a pack a day, although I’ve since “upgraded” to a pack and a half or two packs a day if the opportunity presents itself.

I know it’s a bad habit, my clothes stink, my room stinks, I cough horribly all the time. But smoking just helps, you know what I mean? It’s gotten to the point where if I’m at work/church/any event where I can’t smoke one, all I think about is the next cigarette. Sometimes I’ll short a cigarette halfway through and save that one for later just so that I can smoke another one.

My boss at my second job is the youth leader at my church and he’s working on getting me to quit. He used to smoke 3 packs a day so he knows what it’s like to be in this situation. He does carpentry work and has multiple helpers, some who smoke some who don’t. He doesn’t mind if the other helpers smoke on their breaks, but he won’t let me because he’s trying to help me quit. But when he leaves to go into town the first thing I do is step outside to smoke, usually because I didn’t have one that morning before work, I can’t help myself.

We had a conversation the other day about quitting, I mean look at the money I could save if I quit. But the thing is the first step in quitting is wanting to quit, and I just can’t make myself drop them. So I just flat out told him, “I’d quit, I just don’t want to” 

The longest I’ve went in the past 2 years without a cigarette is 2 Days, and the very first thing I did when I relapsed that time was smoke a whole pack of cigarettes in a little over 2 hours. I just sat down on my front porch and lit one after the other without a thought like I was in a trance. I snapped out of it when my roommate got home and looked down at the pack and realized I only had 3 left. So I just gave him one and smoked the last two and bought another pack before work.

Cigarettes just seem to go good with everything you know? They help me focus on the road while driving, they’re something to look forward to on my breaks, and they’re just relaxing while I’m sitting around doing nothing. They’re something that’s kinda came to define me amongst my friends, because I’ve always got some to share and at any given point I’ll drop everything and go smoke one with someone. It’s just what I do, I smoke.

But I know it’s a bad habit and eventually I’d like to quit, I just can’t bring myself to lose that part of me. I’m sure I’m definitely not the only person who found themselves at this point, so I figured I’d come on here and tell my story, maybe hear some success stories, or just some tips on something to replace it. I feel like if I replaced my cigarette habit I’d be ok with quitting but who knows. Anyway thanks for reading if you read this far, and anyone wants to offer advice feel free to do so.

TLDR: I’ve smoked a pack a day just about for the past 2 years, and I need some help/advice On how to get rid of the habit.