6 days in. Just a few things... (Sorry, kind of long)

Sorry if this post isn't as flowy as it should be. I just have a few thoughts I have been pondering and I wanted to share and maybe get some feedback. 

I have seen quite a few posts on here about having a lack of motivation after quitting. I am experiencing this. After trying to understand why this is happening, I have come to this conclusion. When I smoked, I was just passing time until I could have my next cigarette. God, that sounds so pathetic but it's true! So, when the feeling of indifference or lack of motivation come in, I think it's because my brain is saying, well I can't have a cigarette after I do this certain thing, so what is the point of doing it? After realizing the "source" of the problem, I am actively trying to not fall into the "let's just do nothing because I can't smoke anyway" mentality. Where will that get me? That's right, nowhere! 

Second thing is weed. I am not sure how you people feel about smoking weed but not nicotine. I have smoked weed since I was fifteen, with maybe a year here and there where I didn't (I am 25) and honestly, I don't ever want to quit smoking weed. It isn't a trigger for me to smoke nicotine, I still smoke the same amount that I did before, and it's always after work and before bed. I am not replacing nicotine with weed. I think nicotine is worse than weed, by far. How does /r/stopsmoking feel about this? Is it possible to just be a weed smoker and not a cigarette smoker? 

Now that I am 6 days in, I am feeling better than the first couple days. I actually have gone all morning without eating one sunflower seed. I am however, starting to feel the physical side effects. My throat is starting to hurt, it feels scratchy. Today, I have noticed that my body is being extremely sensitive to temperature change. I walked into my boss's office and it felt so hot in there that I almost passed out, he actually asked me if I was okay because I turned red and started to sweat a little. I felt like I was about to throw up and I was dying to get out of there! My stomach is also feeling kind of...diarrhea-y. You know when you can feel things happening in your tummy and you know it's not good? Yeah, that. My hands are very clammy as well. I am also feeling a little nauseous. On the other hand, I HAVEN'T SMOKED FOR 6 WHOLE DAYS!!!!! YAY ME!!! This is the longest I have gone and I feel so proud and like I have the potential to accomplish anything I want. The morning cigarette, after I drop my kid off at pre-school, is still a little tough to get over but each day it is getting better. I am also still a little afraid to eat a whole lot because food was my biggest trigger and I definitely don't want food to replace nicotine. I have been keeping up with my daily walks, I want to start running but I don't want to push myself too hard in the beginning and then burn myself out. Also, just so you guys know, this sub is the only support I have from anyone and thank you so so so much for all your inspiring and helpful posts, even if some of them are about relapsing or failing in some way. They all have helped me. 

Thanks for reading! 

tl/dr: Just read it! If I can quit smoking, you can read my post! :P