This method is working for me

I’ve been a smoker for over 16 years and tried to quit many times over. I’ve gone cold turkey(hardest to do). I’ve even tried vaping but I feel like it was worse since I was vaping CONSTANTLY(even indoors), i just went back to smoking when the coughs were way way worse while vaping. Fun fact: I have a friend who now has permanant damage to his vocal cords from vaping and now his voice sounds like it’s cracking all the time. DON’T VAPE!! 

Here’s what i’ve been doing this time around. I’ve bought 3months worth of patches. They are all different levels of nocotine. I used to smoke a pack a day so I am starting with the 21mg nicotine patch. In 2weeks, 14mg and the last month will be 7mg. Then eventually i will be nocotine free. That’s the plan of course!! Haha . Also, another thing i’ve been doing to stay motivated is, I started running at least a mile every morning. It wasn’t easy at first since my lungs are trashed after all the abuse over the years. BUT! It’s getting better day by day. And everytime I run, It is a great reminder of why I need to stay smoke free. TRUST ME, automatic self reflecting and feelings of regret take place when your heart feels like it’s going to explode. But not to worry!! It feels like a small but huge achievement after every run. 
Working out was not a daily routine in my life before but now, it has changed my mood for the better and givin me motivation to take care of my health. I am even eating healthier and now finding time to get back into playing the sports I used to play as a youngster. 
And if you’re a man, we all know what cigarettes do to our manhood. Even only after 2weeks, I feel stronger, if you know what I mean :) 
Getting up in the morning is way more refreshing and less groggy. 
Another positive thing is that my clothes don’t stink, and I don’t stink. Even after 2days of not smoking, you can tell how bothersome smoke smell really is especially when you don’t want to smoke anymore. You no longer have to feel guilty from the social stigma you get while smoking in public. 
Anyways, I thought I’d share my experience even though It hasn’t been that long since i’ve quit. I have accepted that I am an addict and will have to continue to fight the urge to pick up the habit again thoughout my lifetime, but I feel confident. One day at a time. I hope this helps anyone trying to quit. And I will also be checking in to get support if I ever feel the urge again. Let’s stay strong and live a healthy life! Take care :)