Four days in: A couple of ideas for those attempting and struggling

First off, not everything that works for somebody else will work for you.  That's important going in, but something might help somebody.  


I have smoked between a half pack and a full pack for the past 12 years.  I have tried cold turkey (fuck that noise), the patch (almost equally unsatisfying), the gum (better, but not enough and made my breath worse than cigarettes), and heavy, giant\-ass vapes that leaked in my pocket, my car and all over my counter one night.  They were how I quit for the longest duration (a month), but ultimately frustrated me more than satisfied me.  

  
What is working for me this time

* A friend recommended and let me try his Juul device.  Like a vape, but without all of the hassle.  No leaking, no maintenance, no coil changes; no effort is required other than changing out the cartridge whenever it runs out of fluid.   I bought two of them: one for my house and one for my car; one to be charged when the other dies; one to be there when I can't find the other; one to get rid of my excuses when the other gives them to me.  I recommend the mint flavor, but I am going to try the traditional flavor next time I start running low.  The creme brulee was a mistake (and why the hell don't they sell a variety pack?).
* The best idea I had this time around: I still have one cigarette per day.  Somehow, knowing that I have it to use whenever I want makes not smoking all the other times less mentally disastrous.  Even when I don't need it, I take that one each day either from fear of what may come if I don't or because I can without it being the end of the world.  Some may say this is cheating and I still haven't quit.  To them, I say, yeah, you're probably right.  But one Big Mac has to be better than ten.  (Somebody PLEASE tell me if this is no better for me than smoking like I was before or if you have scientific studies on it).  

Long story short, I don't have the answers.  I know I am only four days in (if you could even say that with my one freebie), and it's a long road which I've been down before.  That being said, I know those things have been really helpful for me, and hopefully, they can help somebody else at the very least get started on their journey.  

Cheers.  