My first hour...

So, I'm not sure if anyone is listening, much less if anyone cares, but here goes. This will be long, and I don't really expect anyone to read through the whole thing.
I'm in the first hour of my genuine, concerted effort at quitting. I think I had to put it down somehow, because I can't tell anyone I'm close to, I've even had to create a new account here, just on the off-chance my girlfriend happened to browse through my posts.


So, I guess I started only last November. I'd been filled with the anti-smoke rhetoric my whole life, but just about everyone at my college smokes, so I thought I'd give it the old "college try". Looking back, and that first drag was what had me hooked. I've been a stress addict my whole life, and the instant relaxation was indescribably wonderful. Nothing's ever felt so good. I really don't know what I expected, but it wasn't that euphoria. Everything slowed down, my head was clear, and, after two months of writer's block, I went upstairs and wrote an entire story in one sitting.
Still, I didn't want to become "hooked", so the rest of that semester I was pretty careful. I bought one pack (beginning of November), and it lasted me almost until Christmas break (middle of December). I guess that was why I thought the rush wouldn't go away, and why I didn't realize I was addicted.


Christmas break came, and I didn't smoke at all. I thought it would be impossible, and at the time it wasn't that big of a deal to me. My girlfriend  has told me multiple times that she hates smoke, and my parents would definitely not be supportive of such a thing. So, I didn't smoke then, and I thought I wouldn't again.
Well, then January came, back to school, and I still had a few cigarettes left in the pack from before. I thought "why not", and smoked them. After that, it gets kind of hazy. I started smoking more and more, and tried quitting once, but I didn't really have any reason to. I got away with it, and didn't see any short term detriments. 
By the time I left for spring break, I was up to almost a pack a day, unfiltered (I'd made the switch to see what it was like, and now filtereds do nothing for me). I thought, "perfect time to quit, my girlfriend and parents won't really let me anyway." I couldn't have been more wrong. I'm writing this just about at the end of my break, and I have yet to go more than 13 hours without smoking. The guilt is unbearable. I find myself smoking in the car, and then spritzing it and myself with Febreze, and popping mints, dodging questions about my odd behaviour. And the worst part is, as I'm writing this, I'm half trying to think of a way to get outside and have a smoke without waking anyone.


It's ridiculous, and I feel ashamed, so I'm stopping now. I should've known better, I've always had an addictive personality, and even my smoker friends want me to stop. I'm joining the Air Force at the end of the semester, and I'm just not sure what I'm going to do. It's become my escape. When I'm bored, or stressed, I go outside and have a walk with a cigarette. When I have to call my family (with whom I don't get along), I have a cigarette. It's gotten bad. I find myself rifling through change jars, and selling my games (my other guilty pleasure), just so I have enough money for a pack of Lucky's. I need to stop, I know that, and I hope I can find the support here to help me. Thanks to anyone who read far enough to get this.

TL;DR Trying to quit, day one fears and ruminations.

EDIT: Formatting