Quite a few people throwing themselves a pity party in here.

       Before you burn me at the stake, hear me out. Everybody is different, blah blah blah. I am 28 - smoked for 10 years with the last 2 years smoking at least 1 pack a day. I get that nicotine is addictive because I was addicted to it. I understand that it takes willpower to find other ways to occupy your time than smoking, BUT MY LORD some of the posts in this category are cringeworthy. If you truly wanted to quit, you wouldn't think of quitting as a punishment but instead as a way to regain your life, because that's exactly what you're doing. You will die if you continue to smoke. You will have terrible teeth and breath if you continue to smoke. You won't be able to walk up a flight of stairs without being out of breath if you continue to smoke. OIf somebody is telling you how awful smoking is for you and your response somewhat resembles, "We're all going to die somebody" or "I'd rather die happy than miserable" you do not want to quit and please quit posting on this forum. 
        I started reading blogs and Reddit posts the day I quit smoking and I was scared shitless about what was going to happen to me after I read these. 99% of the complaints that I read did not happen. I'm writing this for all of the newbies out there who are scared to quit. You will not consider suicide because you quit smoking. If you do, this was already a thought in your head. Yes, you will need willpower to not smoke, but taking your mind off of smoking in that instant is helpful. Drink water, go poop, look at Facebook - anything that distracts you for 5 minutes. You have enough willpower to not drink bleach. Use that same logic here.                       
         Yes, you will have to change the way you do meaningless tasks such as taking the garbage out without smoking a cigarette, sitting outside on a warm spring day without smoking a cigarette, driving to your awful job in the morning without a cigarette, etc. Don't replace cigarettes with food and if you do, make it veggies or fruits. You will not gain weight because your metabolism slows down when you stop smoking. You were burning maybe 200 calories by smoking, that's insignificant. It gets better. Every day gets better. You smell better immediately, you feel better after 1 day, you sleep better after 3, you look better after 5 and the list goes on. You CAN drink without smoking. Try it at home before you go out and become comfortable with the buzz you get solely from alcohol. 
        Be proud of yourself every single day for having the willpower to say no. Use that as motivation for other areas of your life where you feel like you are trapped and fucking do something about it. Just don't try to make people feel sorry for you. They're not going to and they shouldn't. 