22 hours down...should I pick up chantix?

Hi all.  I’ve been a pack a day or more smoker on and off for about 20 years.  I’ve managed to quit several times.  Cold turkey for three pregnancies, Wellbutrin in my mid 20s, chantix in my 30s.  I’m 43 now and saw my doctor last week, begged him for another chantix script.  This would be my 3rd run with chantix.  The second time I realized it didn’t work as well as it did the first time.  I was still smoking while in month 2 and honestly I don’t think I stopped.  Last time I quit it was cold turkey, almost exactly 3 years ago.  I lasted about 6 months and made the mistake of having just one while at a friends house.  Well there is no just one!  My cold turkey quit wasn’t hard,  I just decided I was done. 

Well, last November I went to the ER with severe chest pain that radiated up my neck, to my jaw, pain in my back.  Had a CT scan and it came back with a lung disease called Lymphangioleiomyomatosis.  I actually had testing ten years prior for a similar issue and was told the cat scan showed emphysema.  Anyways...getting the diagnosis you’d think my first thought would be to quit.  Nope.  It sent me spiraling into one of the worst depressions of my life.  The kicker?  It’s not even caused by smoking!  It’s just a really rare(less than 5000 dx in the US) shitty diagnosis that affects women in childbearing age.  Part of me rationalized my continued smoking with “well, my lungs are fucked already, so what’s the point in quitting?”  Also the depression was so bad there was some thought that smoking will get me closer to death...like a slow suicide.  

So, the last two weeks I’ve been smoking even more than usual.  I buy 100s and smoke like half, put it out and finish it later.  I saw myself going through about 30 a day...sometimes more, this way.  My chest was hurting something awful this weekend and I knew the smoking would just tip off heartburn and pretty soon I’d be in agony again.  My last cigarette was yesterday around 7 pm.  When I ran out I didn’t buy more, didn’t have my daughter pick them up.  Woke up feeling a little anxious about it this morning.  My chantix is at the pharmacy but I’m not sure if there’s a point to picking it up and starting it since I haven’t smoked.  Knowing it could trigger another serious depression is really enough to keep me off.  Also, I stopped Wellbutrin last month since it wasn’t helping me quit or my depression.  

Positives, it’s covered under my insurance right now so two months cost about the same as 2 packs.  I always have this fear of health stuff not being covered, especially with my other diagnosis.  

I just finished Alan Carr’s book, and my mindset it good.  I’m using an app to track cravings.  Honestly my cravings were really bad before I read the book!  4 going into it, and just one now 7 hours later.  Normally I’d be through a pack by now.  I have a vape so it’s there if I get the urge that’s just too strong.  I think it’s better to just get all the nicotine out in one go.  

There’s still a tiny part of me that’s afraid of failing!  Because I failed many times over and over.  Like it’s expected.  I can’t fail.  I’d probably feel better having the chantix even if I don’t decide to take it.  But having it makes me afraid that I’ll just mess up and start again but it’ll be fine because I have chantix.  Does that even make sense?