Thoughts and feelings

Stopping smoking is as difficult as you make it to be. You've heard this before right? For 10 years, I've smoked on, off, on, off, then on again. Have I quit less than or more than 100 times? I can't recall anymore. The quitting cycle started roughly 6 months after I picked up a cigarette. For 10 years, I've made attempt after attempt to stop. Hours or days or weeks, and very rarely, months have gone by and I've managed to not smoke. Imagine my frustration, or perhaps you don't need to imagine, that on this day, I'm smoking and I don't want to anymore...but not enough apparently to cease all together. A lot of you are in the same vicious cycle I'm in right now.

Lately I've been bringing attention to my bodily and mental state upon waking up in the morning. Normally, I'd have my first smoke at the height of my caffeine buzz because, well, you know, that cigarette is supposedly "the best one of the day" right? Though the past few days I've delayed that first cigarette for 2-4 hours after waking. I notice my body, prior to first smoke, feels quite energized, relatively calm and without much tension. The mind on the other hand is quietly and consistently pestering with such thoughts as, "go smoke".

I light up and something is relieved. Some itch is scratched. But the scratch comes at the expense of my energy levels dropping significantly, increased heart rate, and a good healthy dose of shame and guilt around feeling like a fucking doped out slave junkie. This judgement of my addictive tendencies serves me in no way. I'm learning this. Though I've perpetuated that voice, that belief, for so long, and the only way I've managed to quiet it is to...smoke more. The paradox drives me to feelings of insanity!

"You'll quit when your mind, body, heart, soul, bones, marrow is ready to quit. You have to want it so bad."

Yeah, well I do. In the thick, smoky, short of breath state that I put myself in, cigarette after cigarette, I want to stop with everything inside me. All of me wants to stop. My body has the nicotine it's been screaming and demanding for, so shouldn't I relish in that relief? I don't. Ever. I notice the unwholesomeness. The fog. The cell, the prison I'm in. I'm sick. Stomach a mess. Lungs are straining. Head will pound now and then.

Once I've gone a few hours without a smoke, all that black, despicable hatred I possess for this addiction is met by, "well, fuck it. I'm craving one now, let's go have one."

The vacillation is a torment. I want to quit. I don't want to tell anyone that I'm quitting because that approach, while helpful for a short amount of time, knowing that I'm being held accountable, will only sustain itself for a short amount of time before ultimately, those thoughts in my mind I've grown so accustomed to listening to comes up, "Fuck it." And I obey.

It's encouraging to see people post their 3 week, 6 month, 1 year marks without a smoke (and the inevitable comment below, "what app is this?") and I've come across many helpful and insightful discussions on this sub. I think it's helpful for us to put our feelings of helplessness out there (here) to bring a greater awareness to our own struggle. Feedback and other's success stories are gold along the journey, sure. Awareness, knowledge, simply willing to look at this head on is key. Though am I one to talk? I'm about to go smoke.