Have to get this off my chest (pun intended)

Using a throwaway account for reasons explained below.
I've been a somewhat occasional smoker for the past 15 or so years. Never a pack a day, unless I'm out drinking with buddies. My SO knew I smoked early on, but in the past 10 years, he didn't think I did it as regular as I have, because I would only smoke at work. I hated lying to him, but it just became habit, and I couldn't find myself being able to stop. I loved my 4-5 smoking breaks while I was at work, even if it meant brushing my teeth/using mouthwash at the end of the day to mask the smell. It gave me a reason to step away from my desk. Hiding it was hard, and sometimes I'd get caught, but blame it on some other far-fetched reason. Early on, I'd be fine during the weekends and at night, but in the past year, I've been sneaking them in during those times as well. I'd go through hell to cover it up.

It's been 40 days so far, and I really have to thank this subreddit. Although I don't read every post, it is reassuring to see so many people trying to kick the habit and being really successful at it. I don't have the urge to smoke anymore, but I definitely miss it, especially in social situations. One event was a reunion of old coworkers that were also my smoking buddies, and it was tempting to go out and have one for old times sake, but I resisted. What sucks is that I probably will always miss it, and I realize that now, but the way I feel now is amazing. I'll be traveling for work in the next few weeks with colleagues that smoke, and it will be painfully hard to stay away, but I'll get through it. I've been in social situations several times, and I haven't felt that urge in weeks. My work day goes by without it even entering my psyche. When I see others smoke, I'm starting to question why I ever did it in the first place.

On a side note, now that my smoker friends know that I've quit, they tell me that it's no big deal because I wasn't a real smoker anyway...drives me insane because it's still hard. Also, a pretty big downside is that I don't have regular bowel movements anymore. Sorry for being gross, but the regularity of having a cig every morning at the same time would induce this during the work days. I'd totally get backed up during the weekends and vacations. Now I just go 2-3 times a week. Has this happened to anyone else? It's a total bummer (another pun intended). 