The end of my addiction and start of a better life

I wanted to share my story of how I became smoke-free. I've been browsing this subreddit for some time, and I see a lot of stories that is similar to mine, so I thought that I would share too.

The 5th of July 2014 at 20 pm I decided to stop smoking - I clearly remember the last cigarette I smoked. I had been smoking around a pack per day for over four years.

Since then, I have not smoked a single puff of a cigarette, because I know if I do that, I will become addicted again. So I have decided to completely cut it, not a puff at parties, new years, celebrations, when drunk - never. Because I will fall in again if I do.

Since I became smoke free I feel my lounges and breathing is much easier, it's an incredible feeling! I've started running and doing fitness in general again, and since I need to loose weight too, I have since I stopped smoking lost 29 pounds (13 kg.). I can run 10 km. Three months ago, I had problems running just 3 km. I feel so much better.

My advice if you want to stop smoking is that you should be active physically when you feel like smoking. Eat a lot, too. Like small meals in between the three regular meals. And of course, don't keep cigarettes in the car or anywhere actually. Most important: tell your friends, family and colleges that you want to stop smoking and they WILL help you, AND it will affect other smokers in your network to - at least - consider quitting. 

Another tip which I personally used was chewing gum with nicotine. I used it for approx. three weeks before it wasn't necessary anymore. It is also very good after you have been physically active and have eaten, and in the morning, because that is when you crave for a cigarette I know.

I hope I can inspire some of you to stop smoking. You **WILL** become a happier person, no matter what anyone says. 

Another small thing I want to add. It's kinda silly visual thing but it helps me sometimes. 
I imagine that in my throat there are small soldiers. For every day I am smoke free, another soldier joins the army. If I smoke, all of them die and I have to rebuilt my army to protect me from smoking. That encourages me to keep going, when times are hard. -- and there are 90 of them today!!

(Sorry for the spelling, English is not my native tongue)

