Here is how to quit.....

Here's how to quit for good. On February 5th it will be 7 years since my last cigarette.

After 15 years of smoking this is what I did after trying to quit and failing numerous times. 

I know it works because my friend used this system after me and he quit as well.

1. Decide you want to quit. Seriously you might not want to, because you can't drink booze while you do this, you have to want it.

2. Get the patch, start at step one, don't be a tough guy and think you can start at step 2 I did that twice and failed.

3. The night before you want to quit smoking, throw out all your liters, and ashtrays etc, wash all your clothes, keep one lighter and one package of cigarettes, then have a smoke and goto bed.

4. When you wake up go ahead and have your morning smoke and do your normal morning shit, take a shower and then put on your first patch.

5. Go all day without a smoke, no drags! Don't take smokes with you anywhere, don't drink coffee (have tea if you need caffiene coffee is a trigger) or alcohol, this is key. If you drink you will smoke so you have to give that up for a while too.

6. You've made it all day!!!! Good for you! Now before you goto bed take a shower do whatever and you can have a cigarette. One, preferably outside! When you get into bed put on a patch to get you through the night.

7. Get up the next morning take off your patch do whatever then have a smoke, yes you are smoking, but this will become a reward system, and it will let you sleep because you wont be thinking about having a cigarette and the taste will be in your mouth as you fall asleep, trust me on this, this was the key to my success you are weening off just the way you ended up smoking a pack a day. 

8.Repeat steps 4-7 until you are done the patch system.

You will eventually have one of those morning or nightly cigarettes and it will taste like shit, you will quit, this takes a while and you have to do the whole course of the patch, even if you think you are free, finish the the whole system, and feel free to cut patches in half when you get to the last step at the end if you feel like you need to go a few more weeks. 

DON'T use the noname or store brand use nicoderm you can get coupons, if you goto university or college goto the Dr. there they might have them for free.

One thing you need to know, the patch gives you crazy friggin dreams, LUCID dreams, like 3D 48fps dreams, its awesome! Oh and you are going to eat alot of food, cause it will start tasting better in a day or two, much better.

Also the more you sleep the better, the less time you have to think about smoking, 

Do what I say and you will quit. But remember this is at least a three month process so if you aren't committed then screw!

Questions?