Day 5 and I feel alive!

My background: 17 years as a smoker, have quite at least 6 times by way of nicotine patches and have relapsed not long after the last step of patches. Recently I have tried vaping with that lasting a total of 32hrs before I went and bought a pack of smokes. 

8/21/2018: I did some research on “quitting cold turkey” and came across many suggestions of the book by Allen Carr “The Easy Way to Stop Smoking”. Found the illustrated version on iBooks for 8.99 and spent 45mins-1hr reading through it and have not smoked a cigarette since!

8/22/2018: Dowloaded the smoke free app and so glad I did! Spent the majority of my day super busy and had a few intense cravings. That night when looking for support from my husband a BIG miscommunication happened and I spent a good solid 30 mins uncontrollably sobbing. Then blew my nose, wiped my tears, and moved on. 

8/23/2018: Returned to work from vacation and with minimal cravings throughout the day. The biggest thing I noticed is how incredibly angry I was getting while driving (not even in traffic) and started performing breathing exercises to “keep my cool”.

8/24/2018: Realized my “normal” Friday nights were in the past and found some new hobbies to engage in. 

8/25/2018: Our good friends invited us to bowl, something I absolutely love to do! In the past, bowling/drinking/smoking ALWAYS happened together so I knew I needed a plan before hand. The bowling alley was smoke free (yay!) and I paced myself with drinks to not push myself into inhibition being gone. I told my husband if I asked for a pack to tell me “no matter what, no puff!” The night was a success, I engaged myself in conversation with friends and for the first time was involved in the entire social event, not having to run outside after ever game to satisfy my nicotine addiction! Big hurdle was leapt over that night! Yes!

Today 8/26/2018: I have been reading everyone’s stories on here through my husband’s account and decided to get my own account so I can share my story and keep up with everyone. I feel more alive today then I have in a very long time! 

Thank you for taking the time to read my story! I will continue to read everyone’s as well because we’re all in this journey together! 