On the verge of relapsing...but not giving in

I went cold turkey months ago. I simply felt like it wasn't worth it. Sure, smoking provided a very brief and temporary relief from stress and distracted me, if only for a moment, from dealing with my problems. However, it is simply just that, a distraction, nothing more. It doesn't solve the problems, it just tries to cover up problems that'll continue to worsen unless dealt with. When I quit, it was difficult. The urge to smoke was still there. 

Sure, it faded as time went on. However, even though I haven't even been near a cigarette for about 7 months, the urges suddenly started coming back. It's probably because I've started to become bored and seeing myself as worthless again. I know that the things that my mind has started to tell me again are not true, yet I've found myself slowly starting to fall for them again. However, I decided to distract myself by studying Spanish, continuing even after I made up for my gap year in Spanish and took the placement test. In fact, I'm looking to studying Portuguese next semester. I try to remind myself of the reasons why I quit. So far, they've prevented me from actually touching a cigarette again. However, even after all that, I still kind of feel like reaching out for another. Maybe I just need an extra push as I don't have any support from my friends or family. Or rather, I know that my friends are there to give some support, but I'm afraid to even reach out to them. As for my parents, my mom just smiles, laughs, as if it were all a joke to her, and tells me not to smoke, worsening the problem even more. As for my dad, he'll mostly likely just yell and tell me to stop being stupid and causing drama. He'll probably just dismiss it as a lie as well. Therefore, I fought against these cravings ALONE for 7 months. More than anything, I hate the feeling of being neglected, misunderstood, and not being able to do anything good. That's also one of the reasons why I'm starting to relapse because I've started to feel this way again. I'm only 18, turning 19 next month, so I don't have all the answers to my problems yet. Sometimes, I just try to suck it up and move on. Sometimes, that don't work and I'm at a loss of what to do like right now. 

Soon, I'm getting ready to move out and go to college in a couple of weeks from now. So that's something to look forward to, even though I can't hang out with friends, have to come home every weekend, etc, which sucks. But I try to look at life with a glass half full approach and try to take it one day at a time. And that's what's keeping me away from tobacco even as I'm being drawn towards it.