Thanks for helping me quit!

This is my first post, I feel this is post worthy if I can help someone like I have been helped. Sorry it's so long!

I was always fascinated by smoking, my parents smoked most of my life. A lot of people hate it but sitting outside when I was young listening to my parents tell stories to their friends while everyone was smoking was fun to listen to. I got a little older (6th grade) and my cousin in High School would walk home with me, she would pull cigarettes out and smoke them on the walk home. She would offer me a "drag" and I would say "no, i'm too young." Finally I tried it one day with her, hated it,felt sick for an hour or so, and thought HOW COULD ANYONE LIKE THESE!

Several years later, I'm around 17 and my Dad quits cold turkey, he smoked for 35 years, one day went he in the store to buy a carton of Marlboro Light 100s and saw they were $60 and decided that was too expensive so he quit. My mom had mixed emotions, she was happy he quit but knew she would have to quit as well and wasn't exactly ready. She quit to help support his decision and life was good. After a few weeks my dad wasn't coughing all the time, food he ate started tasting better, and he could BREATHE.

Well you know as a teenager you make mistakes. I start hanging out with my friends and everyone is smoking. I get offered every once in a while and say no thanks, but after a while I thought I would try it (I was 18). All of a sudden everytime i'm with my friends we're smoking and having fun just hanging out. I felt weird about it but i'm not buying them so i'm not addicted right?? Well pretty soon my friends saying I need to start buying my own and not bumming all the time. Okay I will but I'm NOT ADDICTED I can quit whenever I want!

Well after a few years I'm buying a pack a week or so, dating a girl that smokes, smoking at work, while i'm driving, whenever really. My parents don't know but it's hard to hide when you start buying packs every couple days. I'm starting to get a cough but it's gotta be a bug or allergies or something right? Well my Mom finds out i'm smoking and I find out we both are hiding it from my Dad. Well now at night my Dad would go to bed and Mom and I would sneak out front for a Cig and talk about our days. I'm still not addicted right?

I start working a job at a hospital where I see people who are dying and are still trying to smoke. Nurses and Doctors telling these patients that smoking is killing them but they won't stop. Why won't these people stop when it's hurting them so much? At least I'm young and there is no way I will be smoking when I'm old, I CAN QUIT WHENEVER I WANT! I meet a girl at work that I ask out and start dating, she is almost a nurse and tells me that smoking is gross and I shouldn't do it but she doesn't mind if I do. Okay I WILL QUIT SOON FOR HER. Now I'm working 12 hour overnight shifts at the Hospital and now I'm buying a pack everyday. My day was wake up, smoke a cig, get ready and leave, on the drive to work smoke 2-3, get to work early smoke another, talk to coworkers and smoke 3-4 throughout the night with them, once they leave at 11pm I smoke one an hour until 7am, on the drive home another 2-3 to "UNWIND." Now I say "I'M NOT ADDICTED, JUST STRESSED." Well I decide I want to quit to save money, well that never works, I just end up buying more, then I’m depressed that I couldn’t quit so you know what helps that? Another Cig.

NOW I WANT TO QUIT! I’m done coughing and spending $60-$100 on packs throughout the week. But I prolong it because I’m about to turn 21 and I will want to smoke when I drink, EXCUSES were all I ever had. Finally, after a couple months I ask a few nurses about the E-Cigs because everyone has them. I decide I want one to “quit” so I start looking them up. I am going to buy a nice one so that it works well, so I do some research on Reddit. I stumble on r/stopsmoking. I look at some nice E-Cigs and I go to a website and have all the stuff I need in a cart, I’m just about to order it when I see this book http://media.wix.com/ugd/74fa87_2010cc5496521431188f905b7234a829.pdf. I’m at work and have nothing to do so I begin reading it, one of the best decisions I ever made. It says to keep smoking normally, so I go outside every hour and smoke but not enjoying it because I’m really into the Book! WOAH THIS IS AWESOME! I finish the book at 6:45am and end up giving all but one of my Cigs (Half Full PAck) to a coworker. I walk outside, smoke that last cigarette and never looked back! It only got difficult when I was with my friends, you get a lot of people laughing when you say you quit smoking because of a book, but at the end of the day I QUIT SMOKING!

This is where it gets bittersweet. When my dad quit smoking years ago, I started. Now that I quit, he just started back up, smoking little cigars (swisher sweets) so he says it’s not smoking but it is. I’m bummed out about it but not really sure how to talk to him about it. That’s the bad part but I know he will quit again once I talk to him. THE GOOD NEWS, I have been 100% CIGARETTE/NICOTINE FREE for 3 MONTHS! Doesn’t sound like a long time but I have no urge to go back and am disgusted that I could even smoke those terrible things in the first place.

Now I recommend this book to everyone! People tell me “You only smoked for a couple years, I have been smoking for 10 years so it’s easier for you!” This is complete B.S. the way I see it, smoking is smoking, even if you only smoke one after work or whatever, you are the same as the guy that smokes a pack at work. BUT EVERYONE CAN QUIT!! It is one of the best things I have ever done!

TL;DR I QUIT SMOKING, THANKS REDDIT!
