4 weeks!

Today marks 4 weeks since my last cigarette. Here is my current status:]

Drinking without smoking isn't even an issue now, whereas before if I had a beer in my stomach I had a cigarette in my hand, that was just a fact of life.

Thursday night I went out drinking and to watch game 7 with some co-workers. I even joined 2 of them outside for a smoke. I didn't partake, I just stood there and chatted with them, mostly testing myself to see if I would stoop and ask to bum a smoke, which I didn't do.

Last night, I went out and shot some pool and got some drinks with an old co-worker of mine and didn't even *think* about having a cigarette.

Though it wasn't all fun and games. Tuesday evening I crashed my bicycle a bit (tl;dr: I fell, almost broke tailbone) and while I was at walgreen's getting some pain meds, bandages, and neosporin, the wall of cigarettes behind the cashier started calling to me and I very nearly broke down and bought a pack.

Also, I've been noticing that my cravings, while coming less often, have been *way* more intense and ... lucid? Like one craving I had the other night, which *nearly* broke me, I was sitting in my chair in my living room tooling around on the internet when suddenly my brain decided I was going to go have a smoke. For what felt like the next 5 seconds or so, I was up, reaching into my pocket for smokes and lighter, and heading out the back door to go out to my patio for a smoke like I've done a MILLION times. The reality, however, was I hadn't moved at all from my chair. Then for the next 30 minutes or so the craving consumed me, even to the point where I looked up nicotine free cigarettes, found some really sketch looking stuff, found "herbal" cigarettes, considered going out to see if these things were available in my area, etc. Really really intense craving. I managed to pull through it, however, so yay me!

On a positive note, I've also noticed that I feel happier. I can't really describe the exact sensation, but I know that I've been laughing more and having better laughs, and I feel like a lot of the things I'd done previously and been very "meh" about when I in fact should be having a really really good time I might be able to enjoy.

Thanks for the support, folks, here's to the next 4 weeks!