I can't seem to make it through a full day.

I started smoking on March 1st of this year. I didn't like it, but I kept coming back to the pack for a few days until I finished it. I didn't have a lot of money at the time and I couldn't justify throwing away anything that I spent $9.00 on. 

My mother was a smoker. She smoked until May of 2012, but at that point she had been smoking for almost 40 years. When I bought my pack I was thinking of her, sitting on her couch chain-smoking the days away. I was going through a lot when March started. I thought that I could get a pack and it would help me make it to spring break, which, at that point, was three days away. 

After the pack was done, I threw it out. I kept thinking about them, even when the stress that had finally slipped away wasn't suffocating me every day. 

On April 1st, I went to a concert with a friend. She had quit a while back, but she smoked on and off throughout high school. As we were walking to the bus station, we passed the gas station. She suggested we get a pack to celebrate the occasion, smoke as many as we could, and then throw it out. I was apprehensive, but it seemed fun (stupid young person logic). That night I smoked 8 cigarettes. When I went to take off my jacket after coming home, I felt the pack still in my pocket. I hid it in a drawer. I told myself I had no need to smoke. 

The next morning I ended up finishing the pack. I don't know how many I had. I immediately walked to the gas station and bought not one, not two, but three packs. I finished those three in three days. On the third day, a friend saw me smoking since I was fairly close to where we lived, and he met me and took them from me. I admitted it was stupid and that was that. 

At the end of April, my best friend came into town. He is an ex-smoker, but he had driven for seven hours to meet me and he really wanted to smoke. I didn't fully approve, but we got a pack anyway. I had two that night and one the next day. He took the pack home with him. That was April 28th, and it was the last cigarette I had until June 29th. I didn't finish that pack until August 1st. 

I went back to college in August. I smoked with other people during parties, but never more than one at a time. I wasn't thinking about them as much as I had over the summer. On Tuesday September 5th, I bought a pack. Then another. And another. The only full day that I have gone without smoking since then was September 9th, and it was because I was at a music festival to see my favorite band (any Brand New fans?). 

I know this habit is terrible. At my worst I've been smoking a pack a day, sometimes more. I have spent so much money. I got a job and I've been doing so well with my money, but for some reason when I buy cigarettes I don't think about the cost. I just swipe and go. I was 19 when I started and I just recently turned 20. I really wanted to quit before my birthday because I didn't want to be a smoker in my 20s, but I couldn't. All of the people in my life are very vehemently trying to get me quit and I know it hurts them to see me constantly pulling away from everything we do to have a cig-- for me to constantly be greeting them with my cigarette-scented clothes. 

I have tried a lot of things. I don't walk past the places where I normally stop to have a smoke. I go out with just one cigarette. I stopped drinking and going to parties where I know there are smokers. Last week I went the entire day and at 9pm I caved and bought another pack. I'm just feeling very hopeless at this point. I know this is a long story, but no one really understands unless they have been there. I read this subreddit every day and you all inspire me so much, sometimes I cry reading these posts thinking that I will never get better. 

I don't know where to go from here.