5 days in - struggling

I quit this past Sunday.  I'm currently on day 5 and it sucks.  

I'm 40 and have smoked since I was about 20.  I have never been a pack a day smoker.  At most i have been about 10 a day for a while.  I do smoke every day and have done so for a while.  I have tried quitting a few times, but the most i have been able to go is about 7 days - i did this because i had a physical and wanted good numbers.  So stupid.  

I smoke when i drive.  I have a one hour commute each way.  I smoke 2 on the way to work and 3 on the way home.  If I go anywhere during the day, i smoke one on the way and one on the way back to the office.  For a really long drive, I can smoke 2-3 as well.  This ends up adding up to anywhere from 3 on a slow day to as many as 10+ on a busy day.  

I also smoke when i go out.  Thank god they outlawed smoking in bars because now instead of 2 packs in a night, i am down to one.  

I know it is not as many cigarettes as others, but I know it is a probem.  I don't want to quit as I enjoy smoking.  Having one on the way home has been my way to unwind.  I have done this for years and it kills me to stop.  

For a while i rationalized, that some people go home and pour a glass of scotch or others drink wine; everyone has their vice, what can't I have mine?  I guess the difference is cigarettes will kill me.  

Anyway, I always figured I would quit when I decided it was time.  On Sunday I woke up and for no particular reason decided, no more.  

Monday was a holiday so no driving.  I made it through Tuesday and yesterday - almost caved when i had to make another trip during the day.  Made it through this morning and now at 1:33PM am already thinking about why it is ok for me to have one on the way home.  

I can feel it too.  It's like I'm hungry, but not for food.  Then I think, well if it is this bad, I may make it today, but i'll definitely cave tomorrow, so if i am going to cave tomorrow anyway, might as well have one today.  Sometimes I really hate my brain.  

Still, I am not going to break.  For some reason, I have this resolve to quit like I have never had before.  Maybe it is me not wanting to have my kids watch me die of some shitty disease when they are in high school.  Maybe it is me not wanting to have a stroke or heart attack before I am 50.  I don't know.  But fuck it, this time I am going to make it.  I'll worry about tomorrow when tomorrow happens.  for now, it is focus on getting my work done and then don't smoke on the way home.  

tl;dr quitting sucks but i am not giving up.  fuck it.  