My quitting strategy.

I like when people share their strategies of what works for them and what doesn't. Sometimes I find something useful. Hope that you can find something useful here.

I quit on a Monday. I don't smoke at work, so I knew I would be able to make it through most of the day, and that would be a good jumping off point. 
I only smoke in my car while driving, and right before bed. I live with a non smoker, so I have to go outside. I knew driving was going to be tough for me, so I got an e-cig...just something to do while driving. I used it for 2 days but never liked it. It felt hollow, and empty. It did not satisfy the craving at all. (maybe it helped knock the edge off though) 

Days 1-3 were shit. 
Days 4-5 I felt accomplished, look at me!!! YAY!!! 
Then the weekend happened. I slept a lot. Without work to get me through the day, I had nothing to do but want to smoke. I just sat there all day...wanting, craving, a cigarette. I read the book. Twice. 

So all this time I had 5 cigarettes left. In my glove box. With a lighter. For the last 20 days they have felt like a comfort. I knew they were there. Any time I wanted to cave I could. But then I thought about those first three days. The sleepless nights, the fidgeting and lack of focus at work. I thought about all those gross videos of lungs full of tar. I thought about cancer patients. I can hardly handle having a cold, wtf would I do with cancer? Die. That's what. I am not scared of death. A slow agonizing death however...terrifies me.

So these five cigarettes. What good are they doing? Do I think that life is going to get so shitty that I am going to say to myself "Hey, you know what would make this shitty situation better? A cigarette" and I know it wont. They don't calm you down, or make you feel any better at all. They do nothing. You are on your own and no matter what life throws at you a cigarette won't do shit. They stopped being a comfort. 

But I couldn't throw them away. 

Then I got really insanely drunk. And I fucking lit one. 
I think I just wanted to see what would happen. Guess what? Nothing happened. It tasted horrible. I felt gross. I took two drags and stomped it out. 
I broke the rest and threw them away. 

Now I feel really self righteous about the whole thing. Like "oh look how awesomely strong I am" I bet no one else in the fucking universe could have done that! In your face!! (this is how I deal with kicking the habit apparently) 

Dealing with cravings? I started with the e-cig. But i quickly realized that I was just replacing one habit with another. I tried to do sit ups or push ups every time I had a craving. That lasted 2 days. I seem to crave snack foods much more. Small chewy things like hot tamales or other candy. I talk to myself a lot too. Try to rationalize things. I can easily out logic myself during the cravings. 

I wouldn't consider myself a strong willed person by nature, but when I put my mind to something I usually do it. (totally depends what it is)  I am not a half and half type of person. 

Do or do not. There is no try. 

Thanks for being there. Your stories and comments really have helped. 
