For me.

I know I have to quit. Why do I keep drawing it out like this.

This is going to be long and rambling, personal, and with lots of grammatical errors. I am just working through some things. 

So I have smoked for what...16 years. I quit once, two years ago. Made it six months and then said "fuck it" because someone hurt my feelings and lied to me. And we all know the best way to get back at someone is to slowly poison yourself. 

I smoke more now than I did before. Last time I quit, I just did it. I read that stupid Allan Carr book and it helped, I don't know why it helps because it is really a stupid book. 

I might be pregnant. Hold the celebration because I don't fucking want to be pregnant. It would not be the end of the world. I have a husband and we have a home and all is well there...people have been born into much worse. I won't know for another couple of days. If it is true then of course I will be happy and excited and I will love that little ball of cells more than the world. Also a really good reason to quit smoking. But I don't want it to be THE reason. You know?

So hormones do funny things. I feel scared and excited and sad all in the same breath. I went through and read my comments and posts from last time I quit. I think that must have been a different person because I don't feel like that this time. I feel like laying in bed and crying. Which is what I have done for 2 days. It hasn't helped. Now I just feel like I have wasted all that time and I am more angry at myself. 

Today I am starting over. It's funny because in one thought I can say "I can do this / wouldnt a cigarette help?" I am just a hot mess. 

If anyone has any suggestions on how to get through this without support, that would be of interest to me. I am apparently "being a huge bitch" right now. (and I kinda agree) Or help on not being a huge bitch, would be good too. Telling someone that they are a bitch is not the best opening line FYI. 

Thanks for reading. I was basically just typing until the urge to smoke went away. I feel a bit better actually. 