Waiting for the other shoe to drop?

So I will be the first to admit that I went about quitting the "wrong" way. I started smoking when I was fifteen. I told myself when I started that I wouldn't still be smoking when I was thirty because I never wanted to say "I've been smoking for more than half my life". I don't know why that was a line for me at fifteen, but it was. Well, thirty is coming up in February, and my husband managed to quit last year using the patch. I'd failed epically in my quit attempts several times in the past, but I figured trying the patch couldn't hurt. So at the end of July, I called my doctors and got a script for the patch. I then went to the pharmacy and picked up a month supply of the Step 1 patches, and two packs of cigarettes. I had almost no plan. I didn't tell *anyone*. I knew from past experience that I should be attempting to avoid my triggers, but since my biggest trigger is driving, and I spend half of my work day in the car, I figured that wasn't really a possibility for me. 

My "plan" if you can call it that, was to slap on a patch on July 31st (Harry Potter's Birthday) and see how long I could go without a cigarette. I lasted about 36 hours, and then I got a phone call that a client of mine has passed away. So I cheated, shrugged, and kept using the patches. Over the next two weeks, I slowly smoked those two packs of cigarettes, which I really considered a win since I was a pack-a-day or more smoker. When they ran out, I shrugged and decided to see how long I could go without buying another pack. My end goal was to be cigarette free when I moved on to Step 2 of the patches, which should have been right about now. But I never bought another pack. So that's good. Then I went to pick up my Step 2 patches. Only, something got messed up, and I got another month of Step 1. I guess most people need two months of the Step 1 patch? But I really didn't want to do *another* month of the same thing, so I called my doctor, who is on vacation, go bloody figure right?

So I resigned myself to basically using another week or so of Step 1 patches until my doc could get back to me. But on Saturday, I had a busy day at work and forgot to put one on. Came home and slapped one on after work, but really kinda wondered why I bothered. So Sunday, I tossed one in my purse before I left for work to see how long I could last without a patch. It's Thursday. That patch is still in my purse. 

I am so confused. I mean, this all sounds great, right? But I've watched people quit smoking. I've tried to quit myself in the past. It's bloody hard. Except, it wasn't hard. It was too easy. Like I didn't even try? I practically set myself up to fail, I fully *expected* to fail, I was *planning* on *failing*. So now I'm just really not sure how I feel because I should be happy that it wasn't hard, but instead, I'm worried that it was easy and that I'm missing something and in a day or two it's all going to come bite me in the ass. My husband finally figured out that I quit smoking (he's not very observant) and he's been lamenting about how hard it was for him, and I've got nothing. No cravings. No mood swings, which during my previous quits were usually my breaking points. No headaches. No nothing. 

Should I be worried?