Just Quit (Hopefully) for Good!

I started smoking when I was 17 in high school. It went from an occasional "cool" thing to do with my friends to an every day after school event. By my senior year it got to the point where I would smoke on my way to school, on my way home from school, before dinner, after dinner and before bed... it started to feel weird when I didn't have one in my hand. My parents tried to help me stop, but they didn't really care at that time too much because they were heavy drinkers and smokers as well. It continued through college, where I would invest a good chunk of any money earned in my part time job at a pizza shop in another pack. I would rinse and repeat that daily cycle. Luckily I made it through college with good enough grades to graduate. I did lose some friends in that time though because of my addiction. They wouldn't want to be near me since I would always have to light up where ever I was. I was getting depressed, but I was on my own in the real world. Finding a good job was hard - I feel like my smell of cigarettes caused many potential employers to look other ways during interviews. So then I decided to keep counseling. It worked first for a few days but it was never a permanent fix. It costed a lot of time and money so I decided to use patches when I was about 25. They worked a lot better, but I could never seem to ease the nicotine addiction down. I was living my life with patches everyday. I was sure this could not be the solution because I didn't want any nicotine - regardless if I could stop "smoking." Some friends suggested apps - most of them were again just the basic apps that ease the amount of cigarettes I smoke daily down. They worked a little bit, but I also took yoga lessens to calm the urges and be more in touch with my body. By this time I was 29. My yoga instructor would notice me smoking before the lessens and tried to help me. She gave me different pamphlets on mindfulness ways of quitting. One suggestion in the packet was this app "Craving to Quit." That app, along with my continued yoga lessens. Really made me more in touch with my body and the world. I used cigarettes as a means of relaxing when there were mindfulness programs which make me feel so much better all along.

I know a lot of you out here are struggling... I was too. I tried the traditional counseling, patches, and I even tried a few traditional apps. But then I found an app that is a bit from ordinary... Craving to Quit. It uses a mindfulness program based on a program at Yale University. I never thought I'd be the type to quit through mindfulness programs... but it really worked for me. I figured it costs a lot less than anything else I have ever tried. You could say it was one of my last resorts. I've never been happier. 

https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.gobluelabs.CravingToQuit&hl=en
https://itunes.apple.com/us/app/craving-to-quit/id585558426?mt=8

https://www.cravingtoquit.com/

Has anyone else tried this or something similar?