Just wanted to share my story for those who want to read. May be a little long.

Hello!  I'm new here.  Had my last cigarette in May of 2013, so it has been almost a year and a half since I quit.  I wanted to drop by and share my story, partially because getting it off my chest is theraputic, and also I suppose it could help someone.  So here goes.

Disclaimer:  I don't necessarily suggest people do things the way I did, I think different methods work for different people, just wanted to share what happened to me.

So I had my first cigarette at age 13.  Wanted to be cool, you know the drill.  I had occasional cigarettes from that point on.  It started to turn into a habit when I was a freshman in high school, when I had senior friends that were old enough to buy them for me.  By the time I got my drivers license at 16, I had mapped out all the spots in the area that I knew would sell to me and not check my ID.  Around this time I was close to a pack a day.  

Once I turned 18 it was a pack a day MINIMUM.  If I was having a really eventful day where I was out with friends and being social, it was closer to two packs a day.

I had toyed with the notion of quitting a few times, but never really took it seriously.  I would throw a pack away, sit for an hour or two, then say "fuck it," and go buy another pack.

When I turned 20 my GF of 4 years broke up with me, so I went through a huge guilt phase, and blamed the smoking for it.  From that point forward I would spend the better part of five years trying to quit.

The first thing I tried was cold turkey, and it just didn't work.  I was too messed up in the head for me to even remotely consider it working.  Then I tried Nicorette.  It worked, in a way.  The physical cravings for nicotine were subdued, but I had two problems with it.  One: the gum in my mouth was a constant reminder that I am a smoker, and need cigarettes.  Two:  It made me feel very sick.  So I abandoned the gum and just kept on puffing.

The next thing I tried was the E-Cig.  Now in a lot of ways this worked.  But at the end of the day it just wasn't enough.  As a smoker I had really strange rationalizations for smoking.  One of which was, smoking a cigarette entailed that I needed to pull a cigarette out of a pack, smoke it, and FINISH it to the point where there was nothing except the butt of the cigarette.  Since smoking an E-cig didn't give me this experience, it wasn't the same, and wasn't enough.  I know that may seem weird, but that was my brain at the time.

So the next thing I tried was the patches.  This was a weird and surprising phase because I didn't expect the patches to work.  I thought, "Why would this work?  It's just a sticker on your arm, I can't see it working."  So, I put the patch on, and it worked.  It really really worked.  My cravings didn't completely go away, but they felt manageable.  Like, for the first time, I felt like I had control, and it was a good feeling.  I started to feel like this could work.

There were definitely some downsides.  One was the fact that they sometimes didn't stay on.  They would fall off while I was walking and I didn't have any extra.  So, that meant I was going to buy cigarettes.  This happened quite a few times.  And sometimes it was weeks of progress down the drain.

Another downside was the lucid dreaming.  Normally when I dream, I wake up not remembering the dream very well and only having a vague idea of what actually happened in that dream.  When sleeping while on the patches, dreams were extremely vivid and long lasting.  I once dreamed that I went on an entire week's vacation, and to this day I can still tell you everything I did during that week inside the dream.  Needless to say I woke up extremely disoriented and confused during that time.  But, I dealt with it, because it wasn't too big of a deal, until I started having dreams where I would get mugged, stabbed, and beaten.  So I had to stop the patches.

So, I made several attempts, continuing to try the patches off and on.  Time after time, I relapsed about a week after I begun on average.  But, I kept at it and just kept trying, telling myself that I was slowly chipping away at it.

A random Thursday came, and I told myself that I was going to make another attempt that weekend.  So I had my fill of cigarettes that night and went to sleep.  On that Friday I woke up and put a patch on right after I showered.  The whole day was fine, as it normally is the first day.

That Saturday I decided that I was going to take a very long walk to help fight the cravings, while at the same time getting some well-needed exercise.  Now, it was really hot that day, so I figured that putting a patch on would be pointless since I would sweat it off almost immediately.  So I decided that I would just hold off and put a patch on when I got home and got cleaned up.  In retrospect that probably wasn't the best idea, but I knew I wouldn't be able to keep the patch on my body.

So after my walk I got home and collapsed on my couch.  I knew I had to put a patch on, but they were all the way upstairs and I didn't want to move.  I thought to myself, "Well, if I'm not getting up to get patches I sure as hell am not getting up to go buy smokes."  So I just laid there.  All day.

I haven't put a patch on, or smoked another cigarette since then.

I can't really explain how it all worked but something just snapped and I no longer needed the patches to quit.  I felt like I was finally done, and I didn't need cigarettes.  I had cravings, sure, and it was kind of hard sometimes, but I fought them, and quickly realized that my cravings, when they hit, go away in less than five minutes if I just ignored them.

This was in May of 2013.  I was 24, almost 25.  I am now 26 and have not smoked since then.  These days, even during my darkest moments, I am not tempted to smoke.  I wish I could pinpoint the reason it all worked out but it is still a mystery to me.  Some would say it was just the right time, and maybe that's true, I don't know.

So thank you for reading.  I hope this helped someone.  If anyone needs help I would be glad to do what I can.