How I'm quitting smoking, and so will you.

Hello, I'm gonna say my quick story about how I'll quit smoking. Started at the age of 17. I was an avarage student that wanted to have fun. I recently had started learning how to play guitar, I wanted at that time to be a rockstar :P. I gave up the piano and violin lessons to learn guitar by myself and was actualy decent with the el guitar. My last two in-school years were mostly about being inside the school theater and practising for school perfomances. Mind you the school wasn't a music school, the principal just liked the idea of showing off to the parents about his musicaly talented students. So half my curriculum was ovewritten with practicing with some other students. We could even smoke and browse the web at the backstage.
Like most of the kids that were smoking, I picked it up aswell to look cool, cause I was the "guitarist", I was supposed to. I didn't want to be left out, and it was effective with the girls at the time. Even my ex used to say to me when we were going out. "You look realy sexy when you're drinking whisky and smoking. <3" That sentence no matter how stupid for me now as a 23yo man. Back then, it spoke to my subconcious. Hearing from a loved one that you look sexy while smoking literally, makes you believe it with zero doubts.
As a moved to a college that I hated, and started making friends I noticed my weight was increasing, could be the life of the college student? The fast food combined with drinking and smoking?
I was renting an appartment so I could do whatever I wanted, and that is smoking, eating, and playing video games all day, and also having to go back to my hometown every weekend to see my ex. As I'm writing this I have 3 cigarettes left near me. Two now, one is in my mouth. You may think "WTF HE HASNT GIVEN UP YET?".
And you are correct. I'm never going to quit. I will do something much better. Keep reading.
So all was well in my college years. Well, almost. My ex became my ex after 2 years of relationship and I was devastated. I had been with other girls before but this one was the best experience I had. I had stoped smoking after repeatedly being asked from her for 2 months. But that was in the mids of our time together. One night, as I was out with my friends. I was drunk and a girl was hiting on me, and I said to my oldest friend, "damn what should I do, I don't want to cheat, I wish I had a cig"--my friend puts a cigarette to my mouth and lights it up. I was sitting in a couch and when I say, I was paralyzed, I literally mean it. For 5 min I couldn't move my arms and legs. I had smoked weed before although didnt like it and never continued doing so, but this wasnt weed, it was a marlboro. It felt like, doing drugs. Apart from ruining my 2 months off streak my "oldest friend" at least took away that girl that was at this point sitting on my lap 2inches away from my face as I was parallized on the couch. After that I started smoking again sadly. As the quote says. "Quiting smoking is easy. I've done it 100 times." As I went back to the univercity, I started taking interest to the classes and becoming more active with it(had to finish it). Started studing and passing classes. I wasn't happy. Although computers was something I liked, something was missing(My uni was a very good IT one). Had friends, had clossure with my ex, but..(pause to get the second cig out).. I wanted something more out of life. When it comes to quit smoking for me. I get realy angry, and sad, and angry, and sad, but sometimes when I try to quit instead of sad, I just get angry and the sadness gets replaced with a massive itchiness behind my eyes for two days. A thing that makes you want to take out your eyes and scrach inside. That comes when I'm sure I want to quit and I'm not sad because I think I'm depriving myself from smoking. My parents are heavy smokers and that helps too with the itchiness, it amplifies it. 
Long story sh-long. I'm back at my hometown. Inside the room I grew up. Thinking about what I should do apart from finding a job and doing my thesis. I always said to my friends that I wanted to be the ruler of the universe, and they'd always laugh. There was a movie that was about a man with a remote that could control "his" universe. Pausing, going forward, and doing other funny stuff with it. Every human has "his universe", he is the main character in his movie. Every time someone comes close to his, that someone enters his universe and vice versa. When I was saying I wanted to be the ruler of the universe I meant "my universe", I want to have the outmost control of my life, to the extend that I'm most capable. That is my goal in life. And to do that I must kill this version of me, as a smart guy once told me. I must-- no I am changing every minute. You, who's reading this, are changing every minute, every second, like me. How are we going to start changing torwards this goal. Remove the chains that keep us the same. We have managed to add a need on the last level of Maslow's hierarchy of needs pyramid, along with eating and sleeping, we added smoking. How dumb are we? xD
Let me say this again. You need to kill this version of you that has smoking as a need. That person will die slowly, as you deprive him one of his basic needs. That's why they are on the bottom of the pyramid. If you stop eating, you'll die along with him, if you stop sleeping you'll die along with him. When you'll stop smoking he'll die. But he'll beg for it as he does. As a prisoner he will beg for his food but you hold the keys, the decision to feed him, or let him die. When he'll die you'll be freed, to become the ruler of the universe. In my case when he knows I have no mercy for him he'll try to dig out of his prison scratching the walls. Hence the itchiness inside my head. This time I will let him die, no matter what. Kill yours too, as I'm going to. You'll only live once. Don't be his cellmate. The mind can only hold one of you, then you'll have the power to be the ruler of the universe, your universe.