I did it! I didn't smoke!

Hey guys! Im just gonna get a small thing off my chest here. It may not be big for some people but i feel like sharing it. It may be an interesting story for you guys to read but there's a tldr down there so suit yourself :) 

I was invited to a friend's house. He's been in there for a week and we were both excited about it. So i accepted this invitation. 

He's a stoner though. And i have had my fair share of joints in the time i smoked. I was afraid of me breaking the social situation by saying i didnt want to smoke. So i just said that I'd smoke with him. (of course i lied about it so he wouldn't feel bad litting the joint in front of me) 

So i arrive at his house, we have some laughs and drinks until it was time to break out the joint. There was tobacco in there so of course i didnt want it.

He took a few puffs and then hands it over to me. I was playing with an xbox controller so i, without thinking, accepted it into my hand. 

I put the controller down and think by myself: "this isnt worth it. Why am i doing this. This will make things worse. I already experienced my first 3 weeks. Im not about to make that happen again". 


But i really want to smoke it. I'm this far anyway. Why not. Fuck it. 

I move the joint closer to my mouth. I just give up and am about to smoke it. 

But then, at the last possible moment. I stop moving my hand. The joint almost entered my mouth. What the flying fuck do i think I'm doing? Am i not happy as i am? Am i not in a fun situation already? Do i really fucking want this? No! No i don't! 

I give the joint back to my friend and i said: i'm not smoking anymore man. I'll pass. I actually quit 3 weeks ago. 

I, of course, brace myself for what he is about to say. 

"oh. Okay. Cool bro" he accepts the joint and keeps smoking it without even doubting what i just said. 

I felt relieved. What the hell? Its okay? That's it? 

The awnser is yes. Yes yes yessssss a million times. You have the right to do anything you want. And if you have people around you who can't qccept that, then try to avoid those people. 

I couldn't feel happier at the moment. Im glad i didn't smoke and im glad to say that I'll never smoke again! 

TL:DR friend hands me a joint. I refuse. I feel very, very proud and happy.