Another "I just quit" post, hopefully this time I'm not BSing it.

So a little about me. I just graduated college in May and I'm moving to Philadelphia in a couple weeks. I've been smoking since freshman year of college. This is the 2nd "I'm quitting" announcement I've posted here, but this time I'm hoping it will stick. Here's why.

So I just visited Philly for the last 2 days to sign my lease & pay the security deposit on my apartment, reconnect with old friends, and apply for jobs. As I walked all around center city for several hours this afternoon, smoking all the while, I started to notice myself feeling sick, which, sadly, isn't a new experience for me. I remember thinking to myself, not very seriously, "Man, I need to quit smoking." That's nothing new either. Smokers are familiar with that voice of reason sometimes popping in to state the obvious, only to be forgotten fifteen minutes later. I became so exhausted from walking all day in combination with the smoking and not drinking enough water that when I got off the bus in North Philly to retrieve my car, I saw spots. And then I lit up another cigarette.

On the way home, I finally realized - I'm about to move to a major metropolis. I'm a college graduate. I'm trying to work full time now for the first time in my life. I'm a grown-ass man now, in other words. I realized I now need to start being fully responsible for myself. And smoking is the exact opposite of responsible. As Alan Carr explains it, I was paying to kill myself.

So on the ride home I decided, this pack is the last pack. These last 3 are my last 3 for good. I made sure to "enjoy" each one, knowing that I was parting with something evil that was disguised as something comforting. I thought of something my director said in college [I was a theatre performance major]: "Everyone has their 'darlings' to make them feel safe. But sometimes you have to kill your darlings." So as I got down to the butt of my last cigarette, I knew I was killing my 'darling'. I even almost cried. And as I threw it out the window, I said goodbye to the habit, knowing that it's a strait jacket, not a security blanket. I said goodbye to having to pay money to kill myself.

I've put off quitting in the past because I've always thought "Is now really the most advantageous time to quit?" But this time I decided to stop frickin' whining and just accept there is no perfectly convenient time to quit. I mean, I think the "HOLY SHIT I'M A GROWN UP" Eureka moment is a pretty good window of opportunity, anyway. This is the most advantageous time I'm going to have; I don't know when another motivator like this is going to come.

I'm nervous for this process, to be honest. I have had anxiety/depression issues after I've began smoking and I'm scared they'll resurface during withdrawal. I can't really talk to my mom about my emotional issues because she frankly just doesn't know what to say that's actually helpful when I try to bring them up. But I want the challenge to have to face these issues sans nicotine should they arise.

r/smoking, I promise you this won't be one of several quit announcements - it'll be the last. I'll keep you updated. I can't wait to post my "one month!" post, my "six months!" post, my "ONE YEAR!" post.