Things I Don't Miss About Smoking

Hey everyone - I'm almost three weeks in to quitting. The first week was the week of Thanksgiving where I stayed at my Mom's place in Florida (I usually live in Chicago), and I took advantage of the environment to help myself quit (my Mom never knew I smoked/was addicted to cigarettes... Yeah I know, impressive...). I smoked nearly a pack a day when I quit.

I figured this would be a fun thread to say what you don't miss about cigarettes. I think I'm doing it as a reminder to myself and as a reference for everyone. So here's my list:

(1) Always being slightly depressed/negative - I don't know why cigarettes did this to me but I think it's a body/health related thing. 

(2) Constantly avoiding small tasks (laundry, grocery shopping, cleaning my room, paying a bill, calling someone) - I think smoking really gave me an excuse constantly to not do something.

(3) Waking up short of breath - its not that I would wake up panting, but when I smoked I'd usually wake up with some lingering anxiety and stunted breathing.

(4) The inherent body odor of a smoker - I would develop B/O a lot quicker when I smoked (not just the cigarette smell, my body would literally smell worse). 

(5) Lack of circulation - I was always cold. Or my hands/feet were always cold. It sucked.

(6) Not being able to settle into a conversation with someone - I think smoking would hinder my ability to connect with people. When I would conversate, 20 minutes in I would often start to think about when I could get a cigarette. 

(7) Occasionally hiding the habit - I mostly had to do this when I would visit my parents; neither of them knew I was an addict. It was stressful having to hide the smell/habit for so long (I smoked for 7 years). 

Some of these may be more personal to me than general experiences... not sure. Either way, I really would like to see everyone's experience whether it be general or more personal stuff. Obviously there are things I really miss about smoking but I don't think it would help to post on here. Please share!