~My Half-Year~ (A 6-Month Tale)

Hey fellow quitters/pre-quitters/dreamers,

Today is my 6 month. For those of you who haven't quit yet, quitting is everything you expect it to be. It is both hard and rewarding. I still like walking by smokers and getting a whiff of a cig, to be honest. I still fantasize about smoking again one day too. But I hope I don't... 

All these thoughts are just thoughts, though. It's crazy when you realize your mind isn't always on your side, and your mind will try anything it can to get you back on cigs. The cool thing about quitting is that you have to come to terms with this and then you can start applying it to other aspects of your life that involve fear. 

I quit on Thanksgiving Eve of 2016 and I chose that date because I was staying with my mom for a week and she never knew I smoked for 6 years (smoking 2/3 a pack a day when I quit). If quitting on your own is too hard, find tricks to help you do it like I did. 

After a week with my mom, I returned to Chicago and the first thing I did was resist buying a pack at the airport. Success. From then on it was a matter of recognizing every craving/desire and watching/feeling it pass. It ALWAYS does. Tell yourself that. Say no to your best friend who offers you one of their cigs - this is usually the hardest thing to do as a quitter and if you can do that, you can resist anything. Plus, your friends won't care. They will still love you. Unless you rub it in their face... Don't do that...

Eventually you get to a point where you don't want to ruin your own streak of not smoking, no matter how bad you want one. On New Years night, I came home drunk and it was lightly raining outside my apartment. I had just asked out a girl I liked and she agreed to go out with me the next week. What a start to the New Year, right? I was so excited and amped for it being so late. I needed to calm the high! Before I went into my apartment, I saw half of an old cigarette on the ground. I picked it up. I pulled an old lighter from my coat and lit it... I tried to inhale but nothing came out; the cigarette was too wet. I wasn't able to hit it...

That story of me almost slipping up isn't a lesson or anything. I just thought it's a cool story about how I almost started smoking again. After that night, I was so upset that I almost ruined what I had worked so hard for. I'm thankful it was raining. I haven't had a weak moment since. That was only 1 month into the quit so never drop your guard!

The other day I was walking buy a lot of grass in the city and the sprinklers were on. It was a cool, humid day and I could smell the fresh-cut grass and it brought me back to football practices when I was a kid. It made me smile. It reminded me of my dad (he would come to all my football practices when I was young), and just being young. I wouldn't have had that feeling if I still smoked (because your nose sucks lol). 

Being smoke free feels amazing - you can go upstairs without dying, you can smell everything, and you can feel like a wise man when you see all the youths at the bar smoking outside... not to mention your erections maintain better (sorry if this was too graphic). Best of luck to everyone! I hope this story was a nice read and inspiring in any way. Let me know if you have any questions about my quit!

If you can conquer cigarettes you can conquer anything, I truly believe that. Much love!