Just made it to 2.5 years. It's possible, guys.

Two and a half years ago, I was in that familiar place that all smokers get to after years of smoking (about 8 years for me):  terrified to be without them, the inability to go a meal without smoking immediately after, taking 4 smoke breaks a day at work because...well just because.

I wrestled with quitting. A lot. I really didn't want to at all. I enjoyed it too much. It brought me a great social life, good talks, and a lot of my friends smoked just as much as I did. It wouldn't make logistic sense to quit. I'd be pulled back in no matter what, so why even try?
I went on a couple family vacations without smoking, but as soon as I got back, it was smokestack central all over again. I realized it was because I didn't have my mind right, and I was fooling myself into thinking I could quit. I needed to change how I thought about it.

I started scaring myself. On purpose. I would look up horrible statistics about diseases acquired from smoking. I'd find charts on the ages of people that died, and how likely it was that I would have an issue down the line. I'd read forums where people with stage 4 lung cancer were posting about what was left of their lives. It was terrifying. It was actually worse than terrifying. I was convinced that I would get lung cancer or throat cancer, if not already at age 27 (I know that sounds a bit over-the-top, but it was very real to me).

After a few weeks of, quite frankly, freaking the fuck out, I had my mindset in line. I was ready.

One day, after work, I walked outside and realized I was out. You know what I did about it? Nothing. I did nothing about it. I went home and played video games with my friends. I ignored my roommate as he went out for his 3rd cigarette in 90 minutes. I ate food and then played more games. Good god did I want one so badly. But now I had resolve. I had the desire to remove the worry from my mind. It was crippling to me to think of the horrible possibilities, and I kept it up.

My boss at the time gave me some great advice about quitting (which she had recently done with some (SOME) success). She said to not replace the habit with anything. Not patches, not toothpicks...nothing. It's not a big deal, and it deserves no special attention. I was simply not going to smoke anymore, with no extra bullshit attached.

My other move was to make as many people aware of my intentions as possible. My friends can be dicks, and that's what I needed. I knew as soon as I cheated, I'd be shamed and made to feel weak. I wasn't weak. I was strong, and I wanted to prove that to them.

After a week, I was feeling like this was something I might actually be able to do. After a month, I noticed I could breathe SOOOO much easier. I wasn't coughing anymore. After a year, I realized I wasn't getting sick like I did before. My lungs were starting to heal, my car smelled normal, and I had all but forgotten about smoking in general.

And now, here I am. Two and a half years later. 912 days later. At a pack a day, a potential 18,000 cigarettes I haven't had. I haven't so much as touched a cigarette since that day I walked home from work smoke-less. I did it all without coping, cheating, or alternate nicotine methods. I just didn't smoke.

I'm not typing this to rub it in, but to make sure that everyone here knows that it's possible. Completely possible. If I can do it, anyone can. Give yourself a reason to quit, and make sure you have a way of holding yourself accountable for going back to it. Don't give up on giving up. It's a very rewarding thing to do for yourself, and it has honestly given me the confidence to do other things in my life I think I couldn't handle.

I hope each and everyone one of you on this subreddit achieve what you are striving for. 


