I smoked for 22 years, at least 25 a day. And now it’s been 100 days since I had a cigarette.

I did the patch for a month and then stopped using nicotine replacement.  I couldn’t have done it without NRT.  I still had horrible withdrawal symptoms, even with the patch.  Getting over the hand to mouth motion was a big thing for me. I miss that motion, and I sometimes still do it when I’m driving and stressed out.  I go once a week to Nicotine Anonymous meetings as well.  This in-person group has served as a sounding board and support group for me in a similar way as this thread does.  

I faced some difficulty in the last hundred days, including losing my beloved cat unexpectedly. Nevertheless, I didn’t smoke.  Time can be my worst enemy, because the days drag on, and sometimes the cravings are long and intense.   But time can also be my best friend, because the longer it’s been since I last smoked the more I assume the identity of a non-smoker and the more I deal with stress without smoking.   I still have a lot of cravings, at least five per day.  Cravings pass whether I smoke or not.  I still think about smoking a lot.  But it's gotten better.  I was documenting at least 10-13 cravings per day when I started my quit.

I try and think about the good things since I've quit too, like the ability to exercise!  I ran 16 minutes the other day, although not in a row.  I don't have to trek the long way to the smoking shelter.  It was a cold winter, and I didn't have to smoke outside. My skin looks better.  I can breathe better.  I can smell things and people and my sense of taste has improved!  I don't have look for a place to smoke or to stress about getting outside or how badly I smell.  The paranoia from smelling bad is gone.  

This has been one of the hardest things I have ever done in my life.  I am glad I have embarked on this journey.  I want to be free more than anything I’ve ever wanted.  And it’s been hard, but I will keep moving forward.  I don’t want to smoke now, or ever again.