39 days in and I have a few questions

Howdy!
So I decided to quit smoking about two months ago. I smoked for 8 years and 3 months (with bits of time with no smoking or times with only using ecigs but nothing over a month in duration at one time). To quit I allowed myself one smoking day a week for two weeks and then went cold turkey (after three hell weeks I dread ever going back to smoking). I've been tobacco, e-cig, nicotine free for 39 days! I've been lurking on here to find motivation and to answer a few questions I have had along the way so far. Some of the answers I was able to find others I'm still wondering about! So here are my questions.

1) I still get anxiety from not smoking. I'm just shy of 40 days and have been prone to anxiety over the last year regardless but after quitting smoking it was almost everyday that I had an anxiety attack. Now that I'm able to breath better they don't happen as often but occasionally I get a hard hitting crave and then an anxiety attack. I'm not sure if it's related to the smoking or something else. Has anyone else got anxiety this far in?

2) My lungs feel warm. Not exactly "warm" but I can't find the best way to describe it. I've read this has something to do with my lungs beginning to function again normally. In the last two weeks I've coughed up all kinds of lovely stuff and have been getting boogers from hell and have been a bit congested. I live in Japan and just had my yearly health check and as far as they could tell everything was dandy. I'm just trying to see if anyone else has this kind of feeling and for how long it will last.

3)Have any former smokers gone on to use Ecigs with zero nicotine? I really miss drinking a beer with my friends and smoking. Though I never want to use analog smokes again I'm worried that using ecigs with zero nic will still somehow invalidate my quit. Have any of you been able to do this successfully?

4) Smoking dreams. I've had several dreams in which I smoke and wake up really angry at myself for folding only to realize that I didn't smoke. Is this normal too?

5) I should mention that I live in a really humid place so regardless if I am smoking or not my lungs feel a bit heavy (coming from nearly 0% to 75% humidity). But now that It's been over a month my lung capacity has dramatically improved but my body seems to not realize that. I still breath really shallow unless I go swimming, in which case my lungs fill up like I think they should. Do any of you have this feeling that your body is not used to breathing at your new capacity? If I focus on it I can do it but even just sitting here typing this I noticed my breathing isn't as deep as it can be. Is this just muscle memory?

Thanks for your time reading this and sorry if they are silly questions but everyone I know who smokes ... still smokes and I have no one to really ask these things to. Thanks!