Quit Day 19.

I'm almost at my magical 28 days smoke-free with my old friend Champix (we've been acquainted for the third time now). Over a course of three years of on-and-off smoking I've had a chance to learn that breaking up that toxic romance with 'just one more puff' is not simply a case of 'a quit' - but a long, long process of reinventing yourself as an addiction-free individual, worthy and capable of living as healthy and fully as one may want to push themselves to be. 
My one golden rule is to repeat my truest of all mantras: if nothing changes, nothing changes. If you decide to eliminate only smoking from your life, and change nothing else - to live an exactly same life as you did before quitting, well the chances are you're setting yourself up for a failure. 
The first time I was quitting - back in 2015, I recognised that only after 3 weeks of being smoke free. I started experiencing cravings after my 'quitters high' was long gone and not smoking became kind of normal. I started craving my building block that's been mine for 14 years but I knew I didn't want to rebuilt it from nicotine again.. So I eliminated all other toxins from my body and flowed away with recent clean-eating-craze. One of the reasons I turned to smoking was purely because it's become overwhelming in social media and I needed a break. To look for a relief in tobacco roll-ups: that was f*** stupid and mindless. 
The second time, last year, I returned to kind of eating healthy but I distanced myself from all-too-well-known extremes. However, following my mantra, I added yoga and a bit of running, which shocked even me as I can't remember ever taking part in any of the PE classes (so the beginnings were laughable and I made sure no member of my hometown society ever saw me in a daylight..). And it worked. It worked until I went on holiday with my lovely all-smoking family.
Now is the time. My third time to be precise. And this time it's moderate clean eating, yoga, running PLUS meditation (again: mantra) and working hours adjusted to accommodating these lifestyle improvements. 
Of course there is a number (even a large number) of other sneaky methods I trial on myself to believe I truly am a non-smoker, and if I was to give any advice to a starter:
1. Prepare and plan. You need a strong battle plan: good app, quitter's calendar, lists of daily cigs, crisis plan, stock of chewing gums and at least three different stress toys, clean house and throwing away all ashtrays and lighters, ask people not to enable you etc. Some of these elements will appear to you infantile and a waste of time - they are not. Well, they may be however if you decide to use a certain tool (such as a phone app), then you must stick to it to a letter regardless of your opinion - as the moment you decide it's too silly, you take the first step backwards towards 'quitting altogether is too silly for me'. And you won't even notice when it won't be your opinion but the addiction talking through you once again.
2. You must start thinking of yourself as a non-smoker. Start repeating after all these petty non-smokers: 'You smell like an ashtray', 'You smoke at home??!! Dis-gus-ting', 'I wouldn't want to kiss you', 'Have you not seen these god-awful pictures?!', 'Smoking is the stupidest thing you can harm yourself with' etc. 
3. Plan a change in your life. You've got to know what do you want to gain in return. Make a list. Be patient and take it one step at a time. You've got to start doing something meaningful, that would've been impossible if you were to smoke again.
4. You have to realise the hardest moment is not stopping, not the first day, not the first 28 days - the hardest part is when it becomes normal. And you have to prepare yourself for what you may start experiencing after 6 months, a year.. 

I'm at the point of preparing myself for what's going to come after first few months. Wish me luck!
