After nearly a month, I´m back to smoking. Got the blues.

Hey guys! 

Over the last 22/23(?) days, I have not smoked a single cigarette. I banned cigarettes from my life, and with them the insecurities of being an addict, smelling like an ashtray, living unhealthy, struggling with the fear of situations where smoking is restricted. I started kickboxing and running, bought sports magazines, reinvented and questioned myself.

Today I am writing to say that I have failed,for the second time. After a series of events resulting in a breakup with my girlfriend, I got drunk and smoked a whole pack, blue and lonesome. I´m not going to tell you how bad the cigarettes taste, because they taste fantastic. There´s nothing better than the foul taste of toxic smoke entering my body, and that is a surprising problem I hadn´t considered. Since I bought a pack this morning, I enjoyed every cigarette while listening to Johnny Winter. Bullcrap.

But I think I´ve also learned something from the first good attempt in years. Smoking is not a habit. Smoking is a state of mind, a rotten idea of how problems can be solved by not even attempting to face them. And getting a nicotine patch or quitting with an electric cigarette is going to work for a minority, but not for me.If I´m going to stop smoking, I´m going to take the hard way. 

I´m slowly coming to the conclusion that vaping is just a way of goofing around with the idea. If you want to stop, you have to make a decision, a commitment to resistance. Vaping will drag this decision for two or three weeks, and then you´re standing in the rain, wondering why you have to commit after all. 

Imagine your friend is asking you if you want to ride a rollercoaster. You give him an answer that says absolutely nothing, and you proceed to drive to the amusement park.
Your mind is clear, you feel great, but...suddenly you´re standing in front of the rollercoaster, and it´s frightening. You´ve got to decide. Bail out or commit. Bailing will make the drive there idiotic, you could´ve stayed home and you´re causing trouble. But it´s too scary to commit. Should´ve just made your decision at the start, huh? Sure thing. 

My next attempt will be on the 10.11.17. 7 days to dust myself off, get my private life in order. Have a nice evening guys.

Well, cigarette. Still got the blues for you. 