Looking straight in the mirror of my expectations.

What do I want from life? Hard to tell as a 22 years old. 

Might be easier from another perspective. What I don't want from it? First of all, I don't want to feel incongruous. 

I want a healthy life, psychologically and physically yet I smoke 10+ cigarettes a day. I feel the need to fulfill myself through a nasty stick of blended herbs and chemicals. Incongruous.

I want to be able to go about my business with total free will. I want to be able to do my things without the constant thought of smoking in the back of my head. Like it's a chore I must achieve before this or that or else the world falls apart. Incongruous.


I want to breathhhhhh, to be able to practice a sport without devaluing myself all the time because I smoke and I know I'm not getting 100% from my input. I need cardio for my sport. Incongruous. 

I feel like I live a life which is incompatible with my deep desire for change. Smoking cigarettes is a constant reminder of my ambivalence when it's time to take action. It's a constant weight in favor of the statu quo. 

I want to improve and feel like cigarette is part of a old self who's shadow confines me and still haunt me. 

TL;DR Smoking is against my deep love for improving myself. I had enough of this crutch. 

P.S. I came here for advices in the first place.

I reseted my badge of 20 days because I decided to quit 20 days ago but didnt follow suit. It makes me think about how I'd be 20 days farther then right now into feeling harmonious with myself. 

Thanks for reading folks! I'll let you know when I'm totally ready. I set a deadline, which is after my calculus exam I have this thursday. 

Thursday I will gear up for war. Again, thanks for reading and feel free to post all kind of crazy shits, Quotes, memes, gifs, you name it. 

This is my life and I live trough the manifestation of the choices I make kind heartedly. 

P.S.#2 : I'm a french speaker. Sorry for (maybe) vandalizing your language. Best regards from Quebec (the little canadian province north of New-York, Maine, Vermont (in the U.S.). 

edit: forgot New Hampshire