60 days!

I am so happy that I made it. Though I still have a slight cold, I can breathe much easier. My endurance has made a huge jump forward, about 30%. I notice that I can cycle and run much faster and longer, to the point where I start dreaming about winning triathlons. I never believed that to be possible for me.

I think that my body can still recover a lot, and that I will notice those recoveries in my ease of breathing in daily life and during exercise. I base my assumptions on where the recovery of my body is now on the following timeline (source below):

3 weeks to 3 months: Your circulation has substantially improved. Walking has become easier. Your chronic cough, if any, has likely disappeared. If not, get seen by a doctor, and sooner if at all concerned, as a chronic cough can be a sign of lung cancer.

4 weeks: Plasma suPAR is a stable inflammatory biomarker predictive of development of diseases ranging from diabetes to cancer in smokers. A 2016 study found that within 4 weeks of quitting smoking, with or without NRT, that suPAR levels in 48 former smokers had fallen from a baseline smoking median of 3.2 ng/ml to levels "no longer significantly different from the never smokers' values" (1.9 ng/ml)

8 weeks: Insulin resistance in smokers has normalized despite average weight gain of 2.7 kg (2010 SGR, page 384).

1 to 9 months: Any smoking related sinus congestion, fatigue or shortness of breath has decreased. Cilia have regrown in your lungs, thereby increasing their ability to handle mucus, keep your lungs clean and reduce infections. Your body's overall energy has increased.

Source: whyquit.com

Noticing my body recovering and having timelines like these in mind helps me to maintain an unshakable determination to keep smoking out of my life. I value my health a lot and I even see it as something that I invest in every day, because a stronger body means more freedom, and that means that everything has the potential to be better! I am glad that I can say that from experience, and I wish the same for you all! :)