Quitting smoking is just the first step towards cutting out depressing habits

I quit smoking 2.5 weeks ago. I am happy that I did; literally, I feel better. No more nicotine urges that fuck with my head. No more shame for my addict behavior. No more worries that I am fucking up my health. Instead I notice my lungs are healing themselves, my sense of taste of smell returning, I feel proud and strong because I am able to overcome this addiction and that makes me hopeful for the future as well, because if I can do this who knows what else is possible?

That train of thought got me to reflect on the following question: "what other habits do I have that cause me to feel miserable?". Surprisingly, there's quite a lot. I often don't sleep enough. When I drink I find it hard to control. I am prone to overeating. I can isolate myself. I procrastinate needlessly on chores. 

You'd think that my life is a mess, but a lot of things are going pretty well, such as my career, exercising and my social life. However, I wouldn't say that I am flourishing, and I think the bad habits that I mentioned are to blame for that.

However, if I look at this positively I see that I have a stable life situation (at least economically), which is a great foundation to grow. And as I mentioned, the fact that I am able to quit smoking shows that I can make changes to my life.

If I look at it realistically, I do see that change is hard, so I shouldn't demand of myself to make all the changes that I listed in a short timeframe.

So, this is what I will do instead:

I will read my journal every morning, which I will carry with me in my bag at all times. It's optional to write in it. The first entry will be an encouraging message to get myself to focus on doing my best to enjoy my life and to keep making positive changes. I notice that my days are much better if I am making a conscious choice in the morning to do these things. The second entry will include a list of contrete things I want to achieve in the coming period, and in this entry I will ask myself the following question: "what will you do today to create this positive future?".

From there I will take small steps (starting today). I will quit drinking completely (I recently quit drinking for more than 3 months and I never felt better, so I know it is possible and it's a good choice), I will slowly organize my home, I will do the chores I have procrastinated on, etc. It will take me several months to make all the changes, but I am not in a hurry.

I already feel grateful that I was able to quit smoking (and I will stay vigilant to not let this habit return), and every next step I am able to take will only make me feel better. Quite literally, because I think these habits cause about 90% of the negative emotions I experience. It's wonderful that it's actually in my power to get rid of this negativity! I look forward to this journey and what it will bring.

I hope you will do great as well! Let's start taking good care of ourselves, shall we? :)