The underlying psychology of smoking and other bad habits, and how to change successfully.

It's been almost a month since I quit, and I realize that a lot can go wrong, I know that it's good to stay vigilant, but having said this I do feel GREAT! It's been more than a week since my last craving \(didn't believe it could go this fast\). I think it helps a lot that I am exercising daily, and that I take plenty of time to relax.

Quitting hasn't been easy, it's taking me many years and I have had many failed attempts during this period, I am sure many of you know what it's like. Sometimes I would not smoke for almost a year, but then it got me. This experience has taught me that I should not get arrogant, the addiction is still in my brain and it can be triggered, and I must be prepared for this. Any time this happens and I don't give in, these patterns in my brain do grow weaker \(or an alternative pathway develops\), so these are great opportunities to grow. So, instead of fearing them, I welcome them.

However, that does mean that I should keep on working on how I manage my emotions and deal with stressful situations. I can do that every day, and it doesn't have to be related to smoking. Because similar to what I describe above, every time I am able to face my fears and discomfortable feelings, the braver I become, the more I grow and the more I learn that there is little to fear.

My next project is organizing my home. It has been a mess and I have not been able to keep it clean for more than a few weeks. Not in my entire life! I see the same pattern at work \- but here I gave in to my fear \(and laziness\) and a strong pattern has developed in my brain, seeing this mess as an obstacle that I cannot overcome. However, I now believe that I can. I will, however, attack this challenge in a new way. I will not longer see this in a binary way \(my home being either a mess or organized\), but I will see it as a process, a series of steps. I will try to take steps that I can manage \(like organizing for 15 minutes\), and I will celebrate whenever I did. In this way I hope to change the thinking patterns in my brain that underly this issue. The product of this process is not just a clean room, but also a healthier psychology, that I will need to keep strengthening after I am done, because just as smoking can return easily, so can this mess. But only if I get arrogant; if I stay humble and I believe that I need to pay attention, then I am much less prone to fall back.

So, I see this period of quitting smoking not as wasted time, but as practice for what I want to do for the rest of my life: live courageously, keep pushing my boundaries!

Good luck on your own journey, I hope you'll join me!