How I quit nicotine (hopefully)

I got a Juul when I was 16. I had rarely had nicotine before that and didn’t believe how addictive it was. Obviously I knew cigarettes were bad for you that was drilled into my brain from day one. But everything I had heard told me that nicotine itself wasn’t bad for you My first juul pod lasted me a week and a half. I didn’t enjoy it or really even want to use it. But I started to hit it more and more and I slowly got addicted like the dumbass I am. No prior nicotine addiction, straight to Juul. I realize that cigarettes are harder to quit, but quitting the Juul isn’t easy either. 

I’m 20 now and this previous summer I was going through 2 packs of pods a week, and I had lost over 50 pounds. I finally realized it was the Juul making me lose weight and that I’d have to quit, so I threw it out. The withdrawal was terrible, but I got through a week on only nicotine gum, and then bought another Juul like the dumbass I am. 

I didn’t want to keep losing weight, so the workaround I found was if I stopped using my Juul an hour or 2 before I ate  and waited till after, I’d eat a lot more. So my routine would be to wake up, fight every instinct to grab my Juul and wait an hour till after I ate breakfast, stop a few hours before lunch and before dinner. This was hard because every time I waited I felt the withdrawal, but it also got me used to it. I eventually just started to see how long I could go in between hits, and it got to the point where I was only taking a few hits a day, all at least 4 hours apart. My biggest fear with quitting was going to work. I didn’t think I’d be able to function while working without nicotine. so I kept stalling, waiting for a “better time” to quit. 

I went away on a trip for a day in May and couldn’t use my Juul. I used nicotine gum I had saved from the last time I had tried to quit. When I got back from the trip, I was definitely feeling the withdrawal, but since I was used to the constant symptoms, it wasn’t hard for me to just say no and not Juul when I got back. I smoked some weed which definitely helped. I had work the next day and brought nicotine gum for me to use instead of the Juul, but I never even used it. 
Once I realized I can get through work without nicotine, I realized there was never a time and place where I’d have to have it. It’s been 5 weeks since I’ve had any type of nicotine, and the withdrawal is a lot better. The insomnia is the worst, for 5 weeks straight I wake up multiple times in the night either sweating profusely or freezing cold. But I feel way better. I still haven’t gained any weight back which is troublesome because I thought it was almost a guarantee to gain weight when quitting smoking, but I guess I’ll keep waiting. 

I know a lot of people on this sub are dealing with worse addictions because they’ve been smoking for longer and are quitting cigarettes but I think my story could help somebody. I also  know I can very still easily relapse and go back to nicotine, but I don’t think I will. The longest I’d gone without nicotine before now is 2 days, and I was never really serious about quitting as I am now. What helped me the most was realizing how much I was exaggerating the difficulty of quitting or how bad my withdrawal would be. Hope this helps someone who wants to quit as much as I do.