Electronic cigarette 

So I recent just last week gave chantix a try and my body just could not do it. Anxiety, palpitations, waking up with panic attack, dizzy etc etc. 

I always had the thought of using an electronic cigarette. In the past I had tried the ones that you see in gas stations and what not and they never did anything at all for me in the least bit as I felt like I was just sucking on air and never getting any kind of relief from them. 

So after the chantix didn't work for me I got desperate and went to an actuall electronic cigarette vendor and bought one. You know the kind that are as big as a cigar and normally chrome and what not.

I'm happy to say I love this thing. My goal is to put down cigarettes completely and since I got this thing I haven't had one at all. I know to some people they think it's all the same but in reality it's far from it. With this you are only getting four chemicals . That being flavor, water, nicotine and ·        Propylene Glycol. Where as with smoking you have the 4 thousand different chemicals including tar that is damaging your lungs unlike an e-cig will. 

With e-cig that I bought i bought a bottle of 18mg ejuice called captain jack. It gives off a nice pipe vapor with a dab of sweetness behind and it also has a hard throat hit like that of a regular cigarette. 

It feels like I'm cheating simply because it has made it sooooooo easy to not smoke. Intact I also find myself not even using the ecig that much. No where near as much as I would be smoking an my plan is to lower my nicotine MG to 12 and then 6 and then quit th ecig and nicotine all together. 

I felt the need to post this as an option to people who keep failing to quit just as I have a million times with different methods. Don't get me wrong you do have to want to quit smoking there is still some temptation from time to time but trust me with this thing they are extremely easy to overcome.

I know of the forums may frown on this but for me it's working the way I intend for it too so far and I feel this goig to be my way of quiting for good. It's worth a shot for those who may have considered it before