A few words on e-cigs...

Before I begin, a little about me.  I quit smoking cigarettes December 19, 2013.  Before that I smoked for ten years.  It took maybe three weeks before I really felt positive and optimistic about life again, and even then it would come and go, but it soon went completely. I felt completely liberated, and my life totally turned around.  I quit cold turkey. Before that I had tried a number of quit smoking aids, including patches, gum and e-cigarettes.  About two months after my quit I pulled out my old e-cigarettes and would give them a puff every now and then. Everyone says they're okay, hell they help you quit.  They have less nicotine in them per puff, and they are safe. After all, nicotine is just what gets you addicted right? The real problem with cigarettes is the carcinogens. Everything was fine for a couple more months.  I ended up going through a very stressful situation involving a girl I was dating, and before I knew it I was puffing on the e-cig every day, every hour, anywhere I could.  18 mg nicotine per 1000 mg.  I didn't even see it happening to me, or realize it until it was too late.  I was a non-smoker I thought, proud of my accomplishment.  One day it just struck me - I was addicted again, and worse than before. I would make excuses to go to the bathroom just to puff. If I went for more than 30 minutes I was useless.  One day, I forgot to put liquid in my e-cig and almost lost it. I made an excuse to her and went home. It was a NIGHTMARE.  Ten times worse than smoking cigarettes ever had been. I attempted to quit one week and eventually had to fake sickness to explain my withdrawal behavior (I eventually realized that it would take longer than that to quit and begrudgingly went back to puffing). I just wanted to write this to you, so that my story may serve as a warning to anyone who is currently, or is considering using e-cigarettes to quit.  YOU WILL STILL BE ADDICTED. Any amount of nicotine in your body disrupts the neurotransmitter function of your brain.  As long as you are taking in nicotine, you are addicted. If you are planning a step-down approach, then at the very least, throw the damn things away when you are done! Nicotine is an evil drug that completely hijacks your brain's neurotransmitter function and literally makes you a different person.

For anyone that is curious, I finally caught my break. I took two weeks off and went home to see my mother, at which point I immediately quit and began one of the worst suffering processes of my life.  I am now 28 days without nicotine and still dealing with heavy withdrawal. Here is my quit smoking map:


Day 1 - Some loss of concentration, but no depression. Probably because I was so depressed already.

Day 3 - By day three, some of the concentration loss had subsided, and a general malaise had taken over. I was thinking that this wasn't going to be so hard after all, since everyone says day three is the worst.  My mother thought I was drunk at one point, and I had to explain withdrawal symptoms.

Day 6 - The concentration loss had somewhat subsided, and was feeling very neutral.  

Day 7 - BOOM. That's when it finally happened.  Complete loss of concentration.  I didn't speak to anyone because I couldn't think of anything to say.  Some things would come out garbled.  A crippling depression set in.

Day 11 - It had only escalated from before.  The lack of concentration would be present 12 hours a day.  The depression was some of the most serious I have ever felt in my life. I was regularly calling my mom for help and was pursuing professional help. I wasn't suicidal, but it made me wonder if what I was feeling was close to what suicidal people feel. 

Day 14 - Days 12, 13 and 14 saw a moderate cessation of  the withdrawal symptoms from days 7-11.  It was still nowhere close to out of the woods.  I was depressed about many aspects of my life that I had been confident about before. Uncertainty in my career and my schooling was a major issue. Seeing other people who were enthusiastic about their lives depressed me substantially.  I just didn't have enthusiasm for anything anymore. Nor the energy.  Nor the mental ability even if I did.

Day 15 - A new emotion.  Anger.  I snapped at her.  She did nothing at all to warrant it. I was a total asshole.  I think it had a lot to do with the fact that I had let down a lot of my mental barriers because it was so difficult to keep my brain together, and I was unprepared to experience anger and short-temperedness, which just sort of came out of nowhere.  A deep-seated anxiety had snuck in somewhere as well.

Day 16 - The anger went away, and anxiety and depression were left.

Day 19 - The withdrawal symptoms had significantly subsided by day 19.  I was still having trouble concentrating, and the anxiety was still present, but the depression had gone from bad to neutral.  Thoughts of my career and my responsibilities at school plagued my mind.  I was getting by though, and that at least was something. 

Day 20 - The concentration loss went into extreme mode again on day 20. To make matters worse, I had a presentation to complete for presenting the next day. I ended up relaxing in the evening to wait for concentration. I started my presentation later, only to realize that it would take me many more hours to complete than expected.  I stayed up most all night - half to finish my presentation, and the other half because I couldn't sleep.  That triggered extreme depression and anxiety and brought the concentration loss back. I ended up calling my mother at 4 a.m. in the morning.  

Day 21 - After talking with my mom, I calmed down.  It had gotten so bad at one point that I threw up. Some three week milestone.  What bullshit.  Despite this, I actually went through the day okay.  I was noticeably out of it, but something just clicked when I gave my presentation and I did a great job. 

Day 22 - Things improved substantially.  I can't say I was happy, but I was more focused than before.  A lot of the career thoughts had gone away, and I was feeling more confident.  The concentration loss came back in the evening though, and stayed most of the night. Despite this I had no depression, and very little anxiety.

Day 23 - Day 23 started off great.  I was more focused, and was feeling okay.  I went out to dinner with a friend and had a great conversation.  Things were looking up.  No depression, not much anxiety.  After the dinner though, moderate depression kicked in.

Day 25 - The moderate depression lasted two days. There was little anxiety however, and the concentration loss was now restricted to about four consecutive hours per day.  

Day 26 - Something just turned back on in my head.  It was as if someone turned a switch.  A lightbulb went off. There was a new star in the sky.  I felt GREAT.  It literally happened as I was walking down the hallway.  That morning had been just like the last two, a lingering depression.  But then, nothing. Just a sudden wave of happy euphoria washed over me that brightened my entire day.  I was joking around with friends, laughing, enthusiastic about everything. It was a great day. It was as if my brain just opened up.

Day 27 - An even better day.

Day 28 - The concentration loss came back rather potently today.  Unfortunately, it happened right before I was set to give another presentation, and I did a bad job.  Even right now as I'm writing this, I feel like someone has saran wrapped my brain. But I'm not depressed or anxious, and I'm optimistic that tomorrow will be better :-)
