Finally ready to quit. I need help.

I promised my girlfriend that I would quit smoking. I made that promise the week we met, when she told me she wouldn't date a smoker. She has a bloodhound nose and there is literally nothing I can do to mask the smell of the smoke, so she's basically been holding her breath for two years while I kept promising and promising and promising that the quit date was coming.



Yesterday, we had a fight that almost ended everything. 



I've gotten lazy. Unambitious. I'm twenty six years old and I'm selling phones for a living, not really attempting to move any further in my life. She's a few years older than me and she's ready for children... ready to buy a house and get her life started. We love eachother dearly, but she's been patient for a really long time and all the while, I'm "cutting down" and "smoking less", which is basically just me rationalizing while still trying to enjoy all the fake benefits I think I get from smoking. Brainwashing myself into thinking that it's making me feel better when work and life get stressful, even though I *know* it's only leveling me out and I was never this cranky before I smoked. 



I know this is a ramble-rant. I'm sorry. 



I've convinced myself that I need to smoke, and that I ENJOY smoking.  I know that neither is really true... the smell is atrocious, my teeth are getting stained, and I've been throwing away thousands of dollars over the last eight years, all the while puffing away. When my girlfriend told me that she was considering leaving me, and this empty promise I made was one of the things on the list, I did exactly what I figured I would...



I got mad. 



I threw it in her face that you can't just quit for someone else, that you have to do it for yourself. I told her she didn't know what it was like. Essentially, I became a fifteen year old kid and thought I knew everything. The truth is that I want to quit smoking... I just don't know how. It's what I use when I'm writing, to clear my head and come up with creative ideas. It's what I do when I'm upset. Or bored. Or walking to work in the morning. I don't even know where to begin. 



I tried the gum, a few years ago. I broke two teeth and it didn't help me in the slightest. I don't think the patch is going to work for me either. I think I just need to quit cold turkey, and the support of you guys, my girlfriend, and maybe just getting this all down and written somewhere will help. I know there are a million threads here of people giving tips and advice, and this is no different from those threads. And know that I've read them there already, silently lurking this board for awhile now. But please, just... give me the same advice you've been giving to everyone else. 



Let me know I'm not doing this alone. 



Should I set a quit date, or just... quit? What do I do about the temper and the crankiness? How long are the cravings REALISTICALLY going to last? I've been Googling this crap for years and it's always so... dismal. I really appreciate any comments... thank you so much, in advance. I'm not quitting for her, or for our relationship-- it's the catalyst, but I'm doing this because I don't want to be stuck with this cancerous ball and chain for the rest of my life, and I don't want to lose someone who has put a lot of trust and faith into me since the day we met. I don't want to be the guy who picked smoking. 




Thanks for letting me rant, and for reading.



TL;DR: Every "I need to quit" post ever. Please humor me. This is really my last bastion of hope. 