Today's my 40th!

It's my 40th day without smoking today. I've found browsing through the posts on this subreddit very helpful when I've been craving or wavering otherwise, so thank you to everyone.

I've given up many times before and faltered and gone back on the evil weed in whatever form it took - pre-mades, roll-ups, e-cigarettes. This time, though, I feel much stronger. Perhaps other parts of my life have aligned to help me. I'm certainly much more confident and in general relaxed than in the past and I'm clear that smoking was something I did to deal with my insecurities. 

This weekend I was visiting friends at home and my fianceé stayed in London. Usually, I would be smoking away during a trip like this. I didn't this time, and it wasn't even difficult. I didn't even want to smoke, apart from fleetingly, near midnight, walking back from a pub.

I held my breath for more than a minute last night. I am now a much calmer person. I can run farther and faster and cycle harder than I did before (I never let smoking stop me from exercising while I partook). The benefits are huge and amazing and I'm so grateful to be enjoying them. I no longer feel as tired when I wake up. I have much more energy. I find it easier to focus. My appetite has decreased (I realise this is paradoxical and won't be most peoples' experience - I have actually lost weight since quitting).

This time, I never want to reset my badge (either on here or metaphorically). I never want to pick up and smoke another cigarette. It's hard to describe, but I feel as though I've made some unconscious breakthrough. In the past, every time I gave up I would need constantly to fight my deep-rooted desire to smoke. This time, it feels like not smoking is the right, natural, correct way of things and that to smoke would be a transgression. I don't feel like I'm fighting, I feel like I'm accepting a new and better order of things.

I smoked for over a decade, from the age of 15. Actually, it would be fairer to say I smoked for almost half my life. For a long time I never even considered giving up; neither as something I could do, nor something I wanted to do. 40 days into what genuinely feels like my final quit, I wonder what was wrong with me that I couldn't take the first step and stick to it. I don't know the answer, but I know I'm glad to be on the right track now. I hope that in 325 days I'll be able to come back and tell you all I've made it a year.