Three years and one day since I had my last cigarette! Two years and 364 days since I quit...

At the end of August 2014 I caught a chest infection. I was miserable, I was coughing constantly, I couldn't sleep, and I was upset because it was my fourth in a year and it wasn't fair. 

Monday, September 1st 2014 I went out on to my balcony at 10pm and smoked half a cigarette - I'd had the first half a few hours before but the cough was too bad to finish it, despite being menthol. I went to bed. After sleeping very little in a sitting position I got up the next day (three years ago today) and sat on my sofa, muscles aching, chest killing me, sleep-deprived and still miserable. I could not have smoked if I'd wanted to, and to be honest, I didn't want to. Nicotine withdrawal didn't let a look in when I was so miserable with other symptoms. 
Wednesday I wasn't getting better quick enough and I thought I might need a line for work (to prove I was sick and not just slacking off). 

My doctor told me my asthma (dormant since childhood) was back, and when I asked why, and why I'd had so many chest infections, he gave me a look. Half pity, half patronising, and slowly spelled it out for me. 
"You smoke. If you didn't smoke, your asthma wouldn't be back, you wouldn't keep getting chest infections. You are damaging your throat and lungs". 

I left thinking about this, having turned down his offer of nicotine patches, with an inhaler and antibiotics in my bag. I hadn't smoked in two days - the withdrawal must be mostly over by now and I hadn't even noticed it.

When I got home I handed my cigarettes to my husband (who quit later) and told him I wasn't having any more. 

I'm free of cigarettes. I still get cravings, but less often and they're less strong. I still have asthma, but I've never had another chest infection in these three years - I used to get them at least annually, often more. I didn't notice a change of taste or smell, I don't think the smell of smoke is disgusting - I don't tick all those lovely boxes - but just not having chest infections is enough for me. Totally worth it. If anyone reads this and wonders if they should try to quit, if they're struggling with quitting, if they're on the edge of smoking again - It. Is. Totally. Worth. It. 

Edit: TL;DR: Quit smoking three years ago because of a chest infection. No chest infections since. You: Quit smoking / stay quit.