Survey-- Did Anybody Get Addicted To NRT After Quitting Smoking?

I made it through hell week... with a little help. I've been using 4 mg lozenges twice a day. Now, we all know the dangers of smoking. We also know nicotine is the main addictive component in cigarettes. I've been mostly at ease through my first week of smoking. Mostly because NRT is a beneficial "in case of emergency" substitute for not becoming overwhelmed by withdrawal from the physical habit or the other chemicals in cigarettes.

It's also a slow release method as oppose to the 10 second it takes for nicotine to hit the brain through inhaling methods. I didn't initially have cravings for immediate relief when I woke up because I couldn't have coffee and lozenges together. But I got over it after a new routine was established. 

After severing the nicotine addiction from the physical addiction of inhaling I began to do research into the best ways to wean myself off the nicotine. I don't want to do it too abruptly because of the temptation of not being over inhaling it. The research separately as a drug was rather surprise. It actually has cognitive benefits for treating Parkinson's disease, ADHD, and preventing Alzheimer's disease. 

http://discovermagazine.com/2014/march/13-nicotine-fix

Most of my quitting smoking was made simpler by Allen Carr's method. The only part I'm skeptical about is the zealousness about NRT because research always point to nicotine being harmful because of it's ties to cigarettes. Carr passed away before the vaping culture was started. I'm starting to disagree with NRT being harmful overall as a drug. There's also too much scare tactics and shaming around nicotine (despite small amounts naturally being in potatoes and tomatoes) because of it's association with the harmful effects of tobacco. 

I don't think I'm caught up in junkie thinking by questioning the harmfulness of NRT. However, I also don't want to depend on nicotine to function anymore than I want to depend on caffeine to feel normal.

So, has anybody became addicted to NRT long term. Or formerly addicted to nicotine while vaping. I'm really curious to know if others really found nicotine to be addictive. If you were addicted was it because of inhaling it or because of repetitive physical conditioning? 