Goodbye /r/stopsmoking, I got my star!

First off I'm sorry I'm not a more active member of this sub. Everyone here has been so supportive for my first few days/weeks on here...I wish it was easier for me to find supportive words and time. I guess my excuse is a consistently packed schedule and some light social anxiety, even from behind a keyboard.

I'm so happy to be done. Parts of it have been hard, but it was easily the best choice I've ever made. Today is the 4th anniversary of my mother's death...she would have been 56 had her addiction to smoking not taken her life. I understand I'm only 31 days into this, but I know without one doubt in my entire body that I'm done for good. The impact of my decision coupled with new perspective on my mother's death have solidified my hatred for tobacco.

Every day I woke up as a smoker I thought "this could kill you, but it's OK because one day you'll quit...it's under control. It's OK to finish this one last butt, this one last pack. Just be done at the end of this week, this month...oh shit, I've been smoking for 13 years." I can't imagine living with that constant fear and then, like my mother, come face to face with cancer. I still might.

I've taken control and at least, AT LEAST, I won't let smoking be an addiction until my last breath. She smoked into her final days, she gave up...nobody including myself helped her put it down. That's not me. If smoking is still going to kill me, I won't go down without a fight. 

Too many people depend on me and only after quitting do I remember why I was fine with starting in the first place. I was depressed and didn't give a fuck. Despite knowing they smelled awful and would kill me, I started. I was a depressed and overweight 18 year old that thought he wanted to die. I couldn't kill myself, I didn't have the courage or lack there of to end it...so I just gave up. I was an alcoholic, I was addicted to drugs and the attention that excessive using got me around my "friends". Then, after the first wave of depression passed, I was addicted and felt I needed them. There was always a reason why I needed to smoke.

I'm done. I'm typing too fast and not checking my grammar....spell check got my back a couple of times and I'm sure everyone will pick apart my punctuation..... I won't be here to respond so have at me grammar/punctuation Nazis! /r/stopsmoking I'm done. I'll check back in when I get my year badge. I'd be lying if I said I won't check for responses to this post...but I'm not in recovery anymore. Mentally I'm done and don't need this sub anymore. I'm taking my last step in recovery by not looking for anymore help...I don't need it.

Thank you everyone. I haven't been active posting or replying but I'm a very active lurker. You've all helped me whether you know it or not.
