Quit smoking

My names Jonathan, I'm 18 And I've been smoking on and off now for a 6 years. I started back in 6th grade at the skatepark. Whenever I went, I would have a cigarette or two and then call it a day. After a year or so, i would smoke with my friends all the time, inhaling some and not inhaling others. My neighbors older brother would give them to us and that's when I started to get addicted. I still went to the skate park almost every day and when my older friends weren't there to give me a cigarette, I would pick up half smoked cigarettes off the ground and smoke those. I know that's disgusting, But I only did that a few times. literally probably 3 times. I stopped that right away and would just light paper on fire amd put cinnamon in there and smoke that when I was really desperate. Take into consideration though that I was only 12-13 years old so I didn't know what I was doing. I continued to smoke all the time with my friends until I got caught by my parents twice and stopped for good in 9th grade but still would have a few here and there whenever I was offered one or could get a hold of one. The summer after 11th grade I had about 5 packs total after I turned 18 because I thought it was so cool to be able to go to the store and by them myself. BUT WAIT!!! I didn't inhale them. I decided not to inhale them so I wouldn't get addicted but so I could still at least enjoy the flavor and have a cigarette in my mouth. Out of 100 cigs I inhaled about 3 of them. I'm a senior now and have just recently bought a pack and have smoked 5. I've inhaled all of them and I'm scared that over the course of 6 years, smoking on and off, that my lungs are filled with plaque and that I'm going to die sooner because of lung cancer or mouth cancer or gum cancer etc. I feel like my lungs are pretty much ruined now so there's no point of stopping. Is this true? Am I guaranteed to die sooner now? Or if I stop right now and never pick up another cigarette in my life, will my lungs be just as good as a non smoker in only a couple years? Will it all filter out of my body and be 100% healthy again? Please help!! I've read a couple things on here saying that if you're under the age of 30 and you stop smoking then your lungs will be as good as new as if you've never smoked before but i don't know what to think. I've been searching the Internet for a while and decided finally just to ask myself and talk about my own situation so I can get the best answer possible instead of reading about other people's situations that are similar but not quite mine. Thanks in advance.