365...Yay me, yay you

Wanted this 365 day post to be magical but Ms. TL:DR is experiencing writers block and a bad case of "I'm so tired I can barely see". Make no mistake, I am elated. I began today like I did when I got the first day. I texted everyone to say Yay me 365 days! 

I don't have great pearls of wisdom or anything magical but there is one thing I want to speak about. I've spent a lot of time writing and reading about this sense of emptiness or "the void" that quitters often experience. For me, it was almost painful and the singlemost reason I can never visit cigarette land again. I want you to know that that emptiness is a mirror of what cigarettes/smoking/dipping/vaping/nicotine, actually offers to enhance your life. It's a big nothing. You think you are missing the kings ransom but it is less than sand in your fingers and more like water in the desert.  It took 2 quits for me to learn this. I can't imagine that this isn't the last one. Cigarettes are not diet aides, smart smoke or stress busters. Where those things need actual treatment or attention, cigarettes are not on the list of solutions or remedies. When you find yourself falling into that hole of irreverent fantastical beliefs just paint whatever picture you have of an addict and look in the mirror. 

/R/stopsmoking has been a godsend to me. I have worked out more than a few issues and triggers through you. No doubt you have said WTF a million times but seriously just putting it out here has helped. Needy Nancy, Slutty Susan, my voluptuous, divorced, depressed, happy, big ass thank you for listening. We are learning to integrate. 

Some personal thank you's to those who've hammered the lessons home: /u/my_vape_self who taught me about compassion for myself and others and made quitting a kindness. /u/Armison who gave me facts and encouragement I could count on. If my quit has any bulletproofing it is solely through her. /u/sonsue who writes the romance of quitting so well I can truly appreciate not smoking. /u/BikeRidinMan, it is hard to find affection greater than yours. When unexpected triggers come I have learned to rely on today. /u/contemplatehorizons thank you for a thoughtful awesome comment my first post here. I carry it with me and share the sentiments often. I don't know how this sub always finds the right words but collectively it always happens. 

Thanks to all you for the smiley face that mirrors my smiling face and I am sorry for this case of writer's block. 