Nine months...

Just felt like getting this out there…

Started smoking back 1992, finally moved to vaping in April of 2015. I really enjoyed vaping and smoked my last in June of that year – I was out camping and I ran out of batteries so went and bought some tobacco – I hated it. It hurt my throat and my lungs, it made everything stink and it tasted absolutely awful. How had I been doing this to myself for almost a quarter of a century?

I started running and training for a half marathon. I decided to bin the vapes and go onto nicotine lozengers.

Man I love those lozengers! I used to eat that like smarties! Sometimes had three at a time in my mouth at any one time!

Then, 9 months ago, I was in Munich for the Oktoberfest. I ran out of smarties and I was too ashamed to walk into a German pharmacy and ask in English if they had nicotine for me. 

So that was it. I came off the nicotine. 

It was a bit of a rough ride. For a quarter of a century I had been a hopeless addict, and now there was this huge nicotine-shaped hole in my life. And I tried to fill that hole with beer and food.

My appetite became insatiable. The cravings would translate into pangs of ravenous hunger and I piled on the weight!

………………

Nine months later though, and the cravings have virtually disappeared. I rarely even notice them anymore and the entire concept of smoking seems completely alien and abhorrent.

Whats more, my appetite has returned to normal, and for the first time in 9 months, I am able to tolerate being hungry again.

I have signed up for the same half-marathon I ran last year. 

I need to lose about 30pds to get back to where I was before.

But I’ll get there.

For all those in the early stages of quitting – Yes, it’s a bumpy old ride, but its totally worth it.

Running in the evening sunshine yesterday, looking at bunnies and wild-flowers, feeling the warm breeze on my brow, endorphins pumping, smiling with sheer *joie de vivre*, my breathing steady and measured, I felt so good to be one of the living, rather than one of the dying. 

Jack it in with the smoking. 

Stop being one of the dying and start living again!

