6 days ago exactly I gave up.

Essentially checking in. At 12:40am on the first of March, listening to 'Lucy in the Sky With Diamonds' whilst snow was falling around me, I had my last cigarette, my trusty Marlboro reds.
For reference, I'm 20 years old, and have smoked since I was 17. Just prior to quitting I realised I had been smoking for three years. I thought to myself how many cigarettes i'd actually smoked, and assumed it MUST be under 1000, surely? I worked out a rough average in this period of having about 5 a day (less initially, was about 10 a day + one pack every time I went 'out'.). That equated to at least 5000 cigarettes, or 250 packs.  The funny thing is, I only considered myself a smoker a few months ago. Prior it was only when socialising, or drinking...

Anyway quick overview of the days so far.
Day 1 Surprisingly didn't have any noticeable cravings. No other effects.
Day 2 Again, no cravings, no real effects.
Day 3 very slight craving(s) triggered by routine (i.e walking, socialising with friends) - Noticed on way home that my sense of smell was a huge degree better. Was strange.
Day 4 No cravings at all, but when I woke up coughed a large amount of 'black' mucus up. I assume my lungs are beginning to clear themselves...Was satisfying if nothing else. 
Day 5 Strangely have found it pretty difficult today. A couple times I found myself thinking about having a cigarette, or asking a friend for one. It only lasted a minute or so...I did find myself getting rather pissy today for no real reason, I assume it's due to nicotine withdrawal.
Day 6 (today). So as of right now, i'm entering my 6th day. It's certainly early days, and I have been avoiding alcohol (and will do until I am sure I am in control) but I do generally feel better so far. If nothing else I have suddenly taken notice of my finances, and realised the £2500+ i've spent on cigarettes in the last year is an incredibly poor decision. 


Other notes:
One of the stranger things is that I feel like there is something missing from my life. It can feel almost awkward walking somewhere now, as usually i'd have a cigarette (or two) in the time, whereas now it's just..walking. 

I am determined to make this my final attempt at quitting, and am doing surprisingly well so far. I do have nicotine gum, however i've been trying to avoid using any nicotine whatsoever. I figure if I can make it 3 weeks without smoking, I might as well get off the nicotine itself. 


But yeah....I'll be trying to update this post with my progress. 

Good luck all.  