1 year since my last cigarette.

Today is exactly one year since my last cigarette.  I smoked for 12 years, and the last half of that was about a pack a day.  I tried stopping while I was still in the military, but I kept relapsing.  I spent about 2 years repeating the process.  I'd quit for a a month, 2, 3, then I'd head to a bar get drunk and start again.  Almost immediately after getting out of the military I tried again.  The change in atmosphere was the last piece of the puzzle.  I haven't smoked since.

I quit cold turkey.  I also quit drinking shortly after because I knew it would just drag me back in.  July 6th will be my 1 year mark since my last sip of alcohol as well.  Overall it's been a tremendous year for my health.  I'm currently training for a half marathon with a current long run of 10.75 miles.  I actually ran when I smoked, but I had difficulty getting past 5 miles without being severely winded.  I'm never winded anymore...  What limits me now is the physical limitations of the human body.  

I almost never get urges now.  From time to time they still smell good, but I'm able to squish the urge fairly effortlessly.  I haven't been sick for more than a day since I've quit.  I use to have massive long lasting colds.  I'm talking 3-4 weeks on the really bad ones.  Now I occasionally get allergies that upset my sinuses, but I don't even need to blow my nose when waking up.  I remember waking up in the middle of the night when I smoked because the tingle in the back of my throat woke me up.  I never get anything like that anymore.

Quitting smoking is the easiest way to have the greatest benefit on your overall health.  If you don't believe that you need to reconsider your strategy for quitting.  The greatest mental trick I used was continually telling myself it was easy when I quit. 

I can't remember the exact timeline for urges, but I did whatever possible to not think about smoking.  I know I still had very strong urges 6 months after I quit.  After that they just kind of came less and less frequently.  I always told myself that if I made it to a year I'd have it beat.  Now that I'm here I'm redoubling my efforts.  If I smoke just one cigarette I will probably start again.  That's why I'll continue to do whatever is in my power to not have that one.  

It is possible to quit.  Almost everyone I know who has been successful has relapsed multiple times before they were finally successful.  You need to have a strong reason to want to quit.  I can't help you find that reason, but mine was most definitely the associated health benefits.  Good luck. 