I've seen some day 1's popping up. There's an army of Day 1's still lurking. I'm deep in the shit. day 155. Pretty sure I've got this at this point but I haven't let my guard down yet. Not even for a second. (part 2)

[part 1](https://www.reddit.com/r/stopsmoking/comments/3d8k5w/i_noticed_a_lot_of_day_1s_popping_up_im_deep_in/)

Where to begin. 184 days. One hundred and eighty-four fucking days. To be honest, completely and utterly honest, it feels like a small life time. Not so much in length, as time also has a way of passing tragically fast and summer is almost over. It feels like a small life time because the day I quit, It was like I became an existential "bubble-boy". You know from Seinfeld, straight up a metaphorical bubble-boy. Me stamping out my last cig, something we will talk about in a few minuets, was me meta-me nervously, determinedly, um, fed-uppedly, Zipping up the door on the bubble, psychologically freezing, protecting the part of my mind that was determined to quit. The part of my mind that had existed from the first drag of the first cigarette. That subconscious effigy coughing and dry heaving in horror at what I had done. He was there crying, suffocating with me. A part of myself that I had always told to shut up. 

I was raised with the anti-smoking ad's. I had parents who smoked and it made me sick as a child both physically and mentally. I knew my clothes stunk at school, and at home when my mom would light up I would hold my breath, some primal sense of danger/something's-not-right abstraction clicking on like an evolutionary trigger.
 
My last cigarette, it was about 12 pm February 8th.  I used a free version of easy way on youtube. That really was my savior in the beginning. My walking stick. Reaffirming my anger and the tickling feeling that I was addicted to something that was adding nothing, taking my happiness, and then returning it to me, peice by piece, cig by cig, dollar by dollar.  

An illusion of control, they turn off your "feel-good" juices completely without the drug, and then when you smoke and give yourself the juices your controlling the lever by which your robbed sense of well being is reintroduced to you. 

Ta-da now your addicted. Imagine standing by some large 19th century lever, in rags and dark iron shackles. Told to pull it to turn back on a chemical system that took millions of years to evolve to reward good behavior. Running from the lion, taking care of your tribe. Working hard. All these deeply ingrained survival mechanisms in which dopamine was a incredibly nuanced part, utterly taken over, with your initial acceptance, in the most mechanical way possible. 

Spend money, lift arm to mouth, inhale toxic smoke, exhale toxic smoke, repeat. 

They turn you into a kind of mechanical apparatus. Man turned to stone. Man turned to machine. The motifs exists and as smokers we became, in the act of smoking, an organic life form turned inorganic, in our willingness to do something we really don't want to do. to do something that we know harms us.  A testament to death itself as death.

One that makes them money, and in my opinion, literally sucks your fucking soul.  I've said it before and Ill say it now its not about cancer it's not about about money, its about breaking those chains, smashing the lever and seeing in a nuanced emotional way just what cigarettes are and why its of the upmost importance to never smoke again. 
Like I said there's an army of day 1's lurking.
I want you guys to know it takes everything to quit. Everything. and then you get it all back. That emotional/physical amnesia melts away. Like Christian Bale in Equilibrium ripping the grey paper from the window to see the light. You breath feels like a soft blanket and your skin feels less tight, like it has more water in it in a good way, and your head and back don't just hurt. your whole body feels like a submerged man breaking the surface and drinking in that amazing air.  A shackled man unshackled and straightening his torso for the first time in years.  

*ty for reading and commenting, good luck to anyone preparing to fight the good fight, if you need help you can pm me.*