I noticed a lot of day 1's popping up. I'm deep in the shit. day 155. Pretty sure I've got this at this point but I haven't let my guard down yet. Not even for a second. (part 1)

I guess Ill give you a day 1 people a timeline of my own. That was what I was looking at for the first few weeks was timelines on quitting. 


The first week is the start of the battle. A story that begins with it's climax. The first shots are fired and it has begun and along with the start of things comes the excitement of starting them. This excitement, to change, to be a better version of yourself and knowing quitting smoking is the step to doing that. Let's say you smoked your last cig yesterday. Or a few hours ago.  All the additional benefits are now set before you entirely including the fact that you no longer are a smelly disgustoid! If you haven't showered and washed your clothes since your last cig do so. In almost victorious fashion, have fun doing it. Smelling good and taking pride in not smelling terrible is so important and really is a hallmark change in who you are now. Social stigma is real, you just quit. You don't stink. You're one of the clean ones. It's not even really about judgment imagine someone came up to you with terrible body odor you'd automatically relegate that person in your mind.  

That first week is the body's massive gasp for breath. You finally have taken a pause in the relentless damage you have been doing to yourself. Your body is a metaphorical drowning man that just breached the surface and that magnificent  first gasp of air is reminiscent of all that one gains in that first week. The best way to describe it for me is when I briefly find myself outside. Checking the mail, going to my car, taking out the garbage. That little journey out into the sun walking kinda boringly conscious of myself and my breath, and holy fucking shit. I can smell. I can smell the air and not only that that my skin can feel the air all around me in a way that was like blocked before by some terrible humming static. The suffocation of capillaries is gone. I feel...unbeleaguered...finally... this is just the beginning right now days' 1-7 your in the heat of it. Amidst the cravings which are child-like in thier blatentcy, you will begin to get these bright glimpses of whats to come. You have to be sensative. You have to be doing this not for anyone else, or some abstraction. The goal line, the end of the tunnel should not be a darkness, it should not be an unknown, going in. I know this because it took me 12 attempts total to quit. and each one I learned something. Something about nicotine's cunning and how to battle it and I learned that you need to be willing to give anything to leave that oxygen deprived state. It's about your body feeling good and what role and how important a good feeling body is to being happy. 

Really ask yourself that. If I feel like an out of breath, mt dew drinking dried out piece of clay, because I smoke cigarettes and don't even try to eat right, do you think that has anything to do with my lot in life and how I feel on a moment to moment basis emotionally? 

You're doing this. You will be gaining your life back, you're ability to breathe, your ability to sit in the sun and run around and sweat without the residue of cigarettes seeping into and off of you. 

Can't do it? Started and starting to freak out? Fuck that shit. I'm at 155 days and I'm telling you it get's so much better to the point of calling quitting smoking a full revolution of the self. It's like the ability to smell the wind and feel good in the sun and not be out of breath, and not hurt, and not have your dopamine locked behind a pay wall. You will be free of a lie. 

It's not just about money, or cancer its about quality of life right now. and that first week you will see as you cough up tar and get a runny nose and become annoyed at everything woven with that will be glimpses of a totally forgotten existence where you didn't feel like absolute shit all the fucking time. 

That's why your browsing. You know your done and that rage at cigarettes and the satanic willy wonka scientists who work them will give you strength in the beginning. 