A personal plan for quitting smoking.

I'm a stress person, that was what kept me smoking. Scare stories, etc. None of that did anything for me, I'm young who cares right? The thing that I found was I had to change my life to stop smoking, and really admit some things so this was my approach. I like writing, so I wrote all this down and kept it with me, it really helped.

1. Think of and write down all your generally habits and little things you do that lead to smoking. Going out for lunch, drinking after work, talking on the phone outside to smoke. Find your reason for smoking. Mine was stress so my habits were more like, fighting with my wife, having a lot of work to do, etc. Whatever your reason is, write down what leads to it.

2. Really take a look for myself at what the dangers of smoking were, not just healthwise, but in my life for me, not scary shit. For me it was my wife not wanting to kiss me, having yellow teeth, getting congested in the morning, having bronchitis twice a year, etc. Things that bothered me. These are your reasons to quit. But find some real things that apply to you.

3. Admittance and acceptance. Admit that you smoke and it is ruining some part of your life, whatever it is, admit it. Tell your friends on this step, family, whatever, just really accept it.

4. This is the hardest step and is a little confusing. I missed really doing this everytime I failed quitting. I don't know exactly how to describe this. But what you need to do is really spot what you are doing that is actually really bad, that leads you to smoking. If you want to quit and can't, something is here. For me, being lazy at work, not talking to my wife or sorting things out, it could be summarized into leaving my life a wreck and smoking instead. Maybe it's partying and not being constructive in your life, who knows.

5. Change your life. For me I changed my work schedule so I had no breaks. I eat lunch at my desk, work straight through the day and don't have breaks, and I drive to and from work with my wife. So much easier to quit when you CANT smoke from when you go to sleep til 6PM the next day earliest. 

6. Make rules to solve the problem. I resolved to never leave work with stuff still on my mind I need to do. Yes it was some later days, but I found my work started going better. I resolved that anytime I fight with my wife or argue, not to walk off but keep talking until we are happy. Our relationship improved. For someone it might be, don't have a beer every night. Go out only 1 day on the weekends, etc.

Just my advice from personal experience. I've found this plan to be very personal and relate to me, and see how anyone could do it. I needed something personal.