Anyone with high anxiety/depression that managed stopping?

Hi everyone, I am posting quite a lot all over reddit these days.  
I am a bit in rough moment of my life, dealing with chronic pain and some scares about mouth issues.

Anyway, I have always had anxiety moments and I take antidepressants (doing nothing, taking them away slowly).

I have been smoking quite a lot for 15 years, but especially with a crazy strong addiction.  
I never managed to stop not even one day.  
Only the idea of stopping smoking gave me anxiety and when I tried just crying.

Five years ago I managed to substitute smoking for vaping.  
But I am now badly addicted to vaping, maybe even worse than I was with smoking.

I want to stop, first because I vape constantly and cannot control the addiction.  
Second because of my health "scares" (had a bump for a while that disappeared just before biopsy in June and now since few months I have an ulcer on and off on the back of my palate.. dentist seen today not concerned but will need to go to a specialist).  
Nobody saying that vaping is causing the issues I have so I don't want to scare anyone with that.  
But the most sensible thing to do would be to quit vaping, at least I can remove some irritation from my mouth.  
And I can feel less anxious and less powerless.  
Maybe my health will be sh.t anyway, but at least I can tell myself that I have tried.

The problem is that I read a ton of stuff, books, allen carr, CBT, went to a psychotherapist years ago, etc, but still I don't manage to stop anything not even for half day because my anxiety goes through the roof and then it comes the depressed feeling that "I am not able, I can't do it".

Anyone has been in a similar situation and can relate?

I know I need help, there are long waiting list for psycotherapy and now being Christmas time all is kind of stuck.  
I will be going to doctors anyway so I will ask for support, but I doubt to get it.

My plan is to keep planning, trying, maybe trying the patches, but not sure even which strenght?

And yeah, hard because I can't exercise much as I am coping with a chronic pain still undiagnosed which makes my life miserable. So vaping I guess is my "fix" for the stress also of the situation. And be able to cope with health issues plus stop vaping seems immense task, but I want to be able to do it.

Thanks everyone if you read until here :D