Submitting my story to hold myself accountable

Hello,

I have been smoking for about 4 years now. Not a long time compared to others, but any amount of time is bad in my eyes. I have always known smoking is bad and have ALWAYS wanted to quit the entire time. Literally, everyday I smoke I feel guilty after and at night say that tomorrow is the day. Here is my routine, I smoke during the day and feel guilty, at night I get super motivated that tomorrow is the day I quit, I wake up in the morning without the motivation and push it off one more day. This has totally affected my confidence and well being, because I feel like a failure and literally think about it every single day. I have had a few successful (for a while) attempts at quitting. Where I have gone 1 day, 3 days, 1 month (my longest) without smoking. I have now decided this is it I am done. I want to post here to gain some support and hold myself accountable, something I can read later and have some motivation.

I have tried Alan Carrs book and it works every time I do it, for about 3 days then I give in. I know I can quit for good I just have to get through one week and I know it will get easier. That one week is the hardest. Any tips?

I am currently living abroad in Vietnam. Let me tell you, this is the absolute hardest place to quit smoking. This place is the reason I began smoking again and the reason why it is so hard to stop. Absolutely everybody smokes in this country, and I mean everybody. There is no social stigma attached to smoking here like there is in the US. So you can literally smoke everywhere (and people do). Not only that but, cigarettes are $1 a pack here, yes....$1. And you can buy a single cigarette for a nickel. I have always just bought singles because I am always trying to quit. I don't want a pack because that means Ill keep smoking for 20 more cigarettes. It's super hard to quit when each one is only a nickel, the cost is a big factor and motivation to quit for everybody, and for me it is just not there.

I feel good about this time though. I am going to read this community everyday. And just try to get past that first week. Any advice or support would be great! Or if you have any questions feel free to ask. 