After close to 4-years of smoking, I'm clean from tobacco since the past 4-months. Here's few things that helped me the most, in no particular order.

Identifying the problem: Knowing how much you smoke and how it'll affect you in the long run is important. If I continued to smoke 15 cigarettes a day for the next 10 years of my life, I would end up losing a lot of money, and destroy my health at the same time. All these just for the sake of 2-minute buzz, instant gratification? This had to go.

Quitting cold-turkey: There are various other ways, I chose this because I wanted to give my 200% in trying not to smoke another cigarette. The evening I decided to quit, I couldn't sleep just because of the thought of being unable to smoke again. I tried to take it one day at a time, telling myself to go through the day without a cigarette, and try to smoke one tomorrow. Tomorrow never came :) 
I replaced the need of cigarette with drinking fruit juices, eating some healthy food, and green teas. Triggers came, just the action was replaced with something healthy which made me happy as well. I used to be very happy about drinking a glass of fruit juice instead of smoking a cigarette back then. :D 

Motivation: Day 5-15 are the worst, at times you're not able to sleep, withdrawals were pretty strong. So in order to fight that, you need to have a stronger motivation. I tried quitting 4-5 times in the past, never went past 3 days without a puff. What motivated me here was if I would not be able to push myself past the 1st 3 weeks now, I would have to go through quitting once again in the future, and those painful Day 5-15 AGAIN. So I promised myself to try going through day 21 before picking up a cigarette again. 

Triggers: The single most thing which makes someone light a cigarette - Trigger. The trigger can be anything, waking up from sleep, going to sleep, need for smoke before taking a dump, after food, with tea, coffee, ALCOHOL, social smoking breaks at WORKPLACE, and what not. The idea is to stay away from triggers if possible, limit your alcohol intake or make it zero for a while, and keep yourself busy with other things while taking a dump, or after you wake up. ;) 

Once the initial phase is over, you won't feel like smoking again. Smoke-free life makes me happy about myself. I'm pretty sure you'll feel the same. Let me know if there are any questions, or if you guys need any help. 