Need advice on how to quit the e-cigaratte - trying to conceive

I might be a bit of strange case as I never really got addicted to smoking cigarettes. For years and years I was a very occasional social smoker...maybe once a month I'd have 3 cigarettes on a night out drinking and was always repulsed by them the next day. Then e-cigrattees came out / became popular..my ex boyfriend got one to help him quit cigarettes, I tried it and thought wow next time I'm tempted to smoke when drinking I'll just get one of these things then at least I'm not doing as much harm. I then got hugely addicted to the e-cig! 

I've been on the e-cig for about 5 years now. I actually think it's more addictive than smoking as you can just chain smoke it all the time, don't have to go outside etc. It's really taken hold of my life to be fair, I'm stressed when I can't use it, like at work and even sneak it in the toilets at work and plan my day / habits around it. 

Ive tried to quit twice now...once for about 5 days another for about 4 months. The second time I told myself I had successfully quit but missed it when I was drinking and told myself I could have 'just one night' on it and then throw it away the next day - yeah right! Although I managed to quit for 4 months I was having panic attacks on a weekly basis and generally not over the psychological addiction. I think it was masking an anxiety disorder which became very apparent when I didn't have it. I also felt quite depressed....so yeah not looking forward to that again.

Me and my husband are planning on trying to have a baby in the new year so i now NEED to quit but I'm so worried about the panic attacks and depression coming back. I'm looking for advice on how I can help manage this and does it ever get better or am I just a really anxious person without some sort of comfort blanket / drug!

I've tried cold turkey (thats where I lasted 5 days)...I've tried weaning with nicotine patches (4 months). I'm tempted to try cold turkey again because I want to get it over with more quickly but wondering if weaning is better for the anxiety symptoms. Any advice would be much appreciated, especially if you have anxiety issues!