Found this sub and thought I'd share my recent scare that led me to quit!

I'm 26, been smoking nearly a pack a day for 7 years, and my last smoke was on August 4th of this year. I wouldn't have quit if not for a certain discovery that lead me down a rabbit hole.

I woke up one morning with a sore throat and assumed it was irritated from the two packs I smoked the night before, coupled with drinks and company. Believing it would go away on its own, I set my Spirits aside for the day to allow my throat to "heal". Several days pass and a sharp pain developed near the left side of my throat during every swallow.

As though a thumbtack was lodged inside my throat, I decided to flash a light down my mouth as though it could somehow reveal the source of my discomfort. To my horror, something was indeed revealed. On my left tonsil grew a fingerlike uvula (pictures included if you enjoy this stuff: https://imgur.com/a/Ri48Tu7), which scared the living hell out of me.

This is when I introduced myself to Dr. Google, who was always available and perfect for increasing my anxiety. Now, I tell my doctor the symptoms and the characteristics of this growth. Immediately, Dr. Google shows me links to cancer pages then proceeds to tell me other symptoms I haven't told him, such as swollen lymph nodes and ear pain. Once asked, I maneuver my fingers around my throat to feel for any lumps. Surprise again! A swollen lymph node was discovered under my left jaw. For that whole day, I poked and prodded my lymph node to determine if it was cancerous, as Dr. Google explained.

The following day, my lymph node has swollen to an even larger size and now coupled with ringing ear pain, which Dr. Google determined it to be a malignant tumor and that I must see a REAL doctor ASAP. So I went to see an ENT specialist as soon as I could. 

Immediately, the real doctor examines the mass and determines it to be a "benign papillary tumor of the left tonsil" which is most likely a result of my smoking habit and common to occur with people of my heritage, not something I should worry about (he did a biopsy just incase, which matched his diagnosis). The throat pain is a simple result from an infection, which my lymph nodes inflamed in result of fighting it off. Me poking it only irritated it, making it larger, which pushed on a nerve causing me ear pain (which went away after I stopped molesting it).

A whole two week of anxiety and stress, I learned that I love my life and threatening my health was very stupid. From the start of my discovery to now, the idea of smoking immediately causes me to think of cancer and that my health is already in poor shape from the habit. I lost my compulsion to smoke and other unhealthy habits that could possibly kill me earlier than I should. I also took up yoga (pranayama exercises) for the breathing exercise to improve my lung condition and overall health, which also helps reduce my anxiety over my "tumor".

Hoping to stay in this mindset, thanks for reading!