The method I used to quit, which I would highly recommend trying!!

So 2 years ago I started taking some medications and the warnings said I had a much higher chance of medical issues if I smoked more than 15 cigs a daym and that really scared me, so I thought why don't I just quit smoking all together. 

So I created this system to help me stop smoking and I think it is a really good plan to slowly quit and wean your body, and your mind, off of the nicotine. It also helps to wean yourself off of the whole habit of smoking. A big part about quitting is just finding other things to do instead of hold a smoke in your hand!

So heres the system I used:
1. First requirement is to roll your own cigarettes. It really is extremely cheap and takes no time at all, compared to constantly having to stop at smoke shops and buy really expensive packs of smokes. They have all sorts of machines and gadgets to roll your own, and I used a very basic machine (like 
[this!](http://www.thesmokingstore.com/gambler-cigarette-rolling-machine/) also [this is smaller and easy for travel](http://www.thesmokingstore.com/top-king-size-cigarette-injector-machine/) )

2. Start off with your typical amount of cigs... I started at about 18 a day, and I would only roll 18 so that was my limit... you have to have the will power to not roll any more, and also to completely cut out store-bought cigs. (I later noticed a HUGE difference in store-bought to home-rolled, the store ones really seemed like much more nicotine and just horrible cigs)

3. Smoke that regular amount for 1 week, so I had a limit of 18 cigs per day, for one week.

4. the next week, cut back one, so I rolled 17 each day for a week... 

5. continue cutting back 1 cig each week until you get down to 3 or 4 a day.

6. once you are down to 4 cigs a day have that limit for 2 weeks, then 3 cigs a day for 2 weeks, etc.

7. once you get down to 1 cig a day per week do that for maybe 2, 3 weeks tops!

8. NOW you are done! 

Your body has slowly gotten used to less and less nicotine a day, which also means you probably won't have any nicotine headaches like usual when you last tried to quit... you also should have found out how to occupy yourself or find new ways of spending all that time you used to smoke... 

personally for me when I was driving that was a big thing to try to not smoke while driving, so I kept those little flossing sticks in the car to pick at my teeth, or get a really great music mix you love to sing along, or keep suckers in your car and have a sucker while you drive to occupy your mouth instead of a cig.