I have a unusual relationship with smoking and have some questions?

Hi there. I am a 22yr old female outdoor enthusiast and athlete. I regularly run between 4-5 miles 5 days a week and do additional circuit training on top of that. I live in a beautiful northern state and spend all summer and fall running, biking, hiking, camping throughout the mountains. I guess my point is that I'm a really active and fit person. When it is warm and sunny, the idea of smoking never crosses my mind unless its maybe sharing a cigar around a campfire deep in the woods. Additionally, I have never really "felt" the addiction of smoking, if that makes any sense? It doesn't cross my mind in the summers and falls, I regularly travel and work where it'd be inconvenient or inappropriate to smoke. I've never felt in a foul mood or had a craving. 

At the same time, I have never found smoking disgusting like so many people my age, despite no one in my family doing so and freely expressing their disgust about people who did. I am fully aware of the effects. Still, ever since I was a child, I thought it smelled kind of nice. I would not consider myself a regular smoker, however every winter, it snows and grows bitterly cold, I find nothing more delightful than lighting a cigarette and going for a stroll. It's very hard to have to resign myself to the gym and indoors every year. I have to stop running, biking, and exercising outdoors all together. All you can do is walk really and I think a cigarette acts as a bit of tactile entertainment that makes a very cold, slippery walk worth it. The colder and snowier it grows, the more fun it is and I will go out once or twice a day for a walk (only 1 cigarette a walk). In a few months, it'll be to cold to walk and I just stop altogether. I'll smoke a bit in the spring as it stays chilly and snowy here that season. Once the first warm weather hits, I just forget entirely about it until next winter. 

Well, I'm fully aware of how awful smoking is. I'm also fully aware of what a spectacle I must be, a young fit woman smoking. I was on a stroll a while ago and this older woman just sneered at me. At the same time, as twisted as it sounds, I love that it gets me outside for a bit, which I absolutely couldn't stand otherwise. Does anybody have any advice for my specific situation? Maybe someone could recommend a more healthy tactile activity to keep busy/entertained on winter walks? 