2 weeks free after release from 26 year sentence.

I feel free.I wanted to quit for so long. I hated my habit. I hated what I thought other people thought about me. I hated the smell in my car and the perpetual layer of dust that lingered in the crevices of everything. I hated the paranoia of getting too close to someone for fear that they would smell it. Then they would know. They would see my weakness.I hated the way my lipstick would bleed a little more as the grooves deepened around my mouth each year. They remind me I am old, and these things that enslaved me made me older still. Yellowed teeth, skin pasty from smoke, and that once youthful voice is deep and almost masculine in its constant smoke induced drought. Oh I despised the rope around my neck. I tried to ignore the wheeze I heard when I breathed in each morning. I staved off thoughts of cancer like if I thought of it, then maybe it would find me and I would get sick. I pretended daily I was immune to all illness and secreted the fear of those illnesses even from myself. I hated freezing alone in the winter on the side of my work building, by the dumpster, hiding, hotboxing smoke and returning coughing and red faced back into the office. I hated dodging rain, seeking temporary shelters and looking shabby each time I had to return from the elements so that I could smoke. I hated riding with my window always a little down. My hair never looked done. I always was a little mussed. I hated the way security would track me down and hassle me every time I  lit up outside a hospital. I spend an inordinate amount of time in hospitals because I have a close family member who is ill. I hated dodging security like a kid trying to skip school. I hated the indignity of always having to be on the fringes of acceptable. That is what being a smoker is. I am two weeks free. I am fucking Andy Defresne after he has crawled through a sewer and is washing the shit off of himself in the rain. I am happy, relieved, a little scared sometimes, but mostly I am just free. 