Quitting chewing tobacco

I originally posted this to r/addiction and was told to check you guys out.

I just have to get this off my chest and see if anyone on here has gone through anything similar. I have been chewing tobacco (or dipping) for approx 8 years, on and off, I'm in my early 20s and have been doing it since I was a teen. It became much worse the past 2 years as I had broken up with my long time girlfriend and it became more constant. More or less I was doing it whenever I would study, and being a student in a very demanding program, I am studying every night for at least 3-4 hours per night, and if I am not, I would enjoy just sitting watching tv with a lip in, or going for a drive while chewing. It was outrageously calming and whenever I was stressed I would throw one in and could relax for a few minutes, or it would help me focus while studying. I am incredibly secretive about it and never wanted people to know I was doing it so I'd do it either at home or by myself. I never really thought about the long term consequences of it even though I know how significant they are, until about 3 weeks ago. This summer and fall I have been waking up just having awful dreams about my chewing habit, I would have dreams of my face aging rapidly and having holes in my face, just awful, terrifying stuff, and so I would wake up and say to myself I was going to try to quit, but by mid afternoon I wouldn't care anymore, all I wanted was that pinch. So what finally was the last straw was I went to get a tin at about 2am because I had a report to write and needed to stay awake. When I went into the gas station, this drunk 40 something old woman is in there talking with the cashier, she sees me and starts saying some taunting words, I can't remember what exactly but she kept calling me "pretty boy", and when she saw me order a tin she says "no way a pretty boy like you is doing that". It was right then and there that I realized that I am still young and healthy but for this one addiction. I started thinking about what it was doing to my mouth and teeth and how I need to stop now before it causes more damage. I decided to buy a vaporizer and supplement it that way, but the damn thing broke yesterday and I don't have the finances right now to justify buying even a cheap vaporizer, but I can't go back to dipping. That being said, the last tin I bought was a few weeks ago, but I have bummed 2 in the past 2 weeks from friends. I've heard with nicotine if you make it past the first 3 days you're off to a good start. Has anyone tried to quit dipping?