My advice to every smoker who has tried numerous times to quit and can't seem to get it. (90 days smoke free)

Hi everyone,

I'm currently 90 days smoke free and before that has been trying for over a year to quit with multiple degrees of success including the use of champix, chantix, mouth mist sprays, nicotine tablets, gum, patches, hypnosis etc.

I found that hypnosis although expensive, didn't really empower me to want to quit, it certainly took away the cravings for 90% of the time but it eventually led to a relapse in heavy smoking so if you must, please use hypnosis as a last resort (especially considering the cost)

I also have had previous family/friends who have agreed to quit smoking with me but they always opt out which leads to me feel I failed them and therefore return to smoking.

I know there are numerous smokers who have successfully quit using the above methods and tactics however I read Allen Carrs easyway to stop smoking twice within a month and it's been hands down the only technique that has helped me quit and with very minimal cravings.

When I first read the book I thought I had followed every instruction and felt elated at quitting however, I relapsed after a week due to stresses with work and re-read the book after finishing my last packet of cigarettes (It took me two weeks to smoke a packet of 50 cigarettes which would have usually taken a day so in some aspects the book significantly lowered my dependance on cigarettes)

After re-reading the book and following each instruction, I feel so much better and at 90 days free, I know I can easily achieve a year smoke free and a life time smoke free.

What I am asking is for each smoker who wants to quit to write down a list of reasons of why they want to quit. I then want the smoker to use an app like SmokeFree or QuitNow to calculate the costs they will save by not smoking.

Then to read Allen Carrs book. You can find the physical copy in most bookstores and also a free pdf if you search for it on google. 

Keep in mind that in the first few weeks you still get an odd craving and urge to smoke but they become significantly less over the first month.

You'll even surprise yourself when you start thinking about how you're thinking less and less about smoking, the apps I've described also keep you on track when you're able to see how much money you're saving and how your health is improving etc.

Other tips
- Drink lots and lots of water
- Use gum sparingly 
- Find a jar and make a savings goal e.g. holiday or new dress or suit or teeth whitening etc. Label the jar and start putting the money you are saving into the jar. The physical and visual feel of the cash will help you further understand just how much this habit is draining you.
- Try to avoid caffeine for the first few weeks as your body retains more of the effects of caffeine, you can reduce the caffeine if you're already a heavy user otherwise switch to apples/bananas to give you a buzz if you feel you are getting the shakes.
- Keep it a secret plan, if you want to boast about your progress feel free, just remember you don't need praise from others to help you quit smoking, this is for you. If you're involved in social circles that have smokers and are worried you may be judged, there's nothing to worry about, your smoking friends are more than happy to help by not smoking around you (Plus they don't have to share cigarettes so it's a win for them)
- Notice every time something seems different now that you don't smoke e.g. better lung capacity, longer sleep, better smelling hair and clothes etc. 

The main point with quitting is to keep trying, if you are a first timer and don't succeed, just keep going. If you are attempting to quit for the 27th time, just keep going! It gets easier each time you try to quit

Hope this helps! Feel free to add your own tips :)