I am just trying to make it through a rough patch.

Hi there. I have a week today. I am super depressed. I am not the depression sort of person. I smoked for 26 years and I was glad to be rid of them. Last week I went cold turkey. I had a bitchin plan, I rode the wave right here. I made it. It felt great. It was hard, but I knew I wasn't going to Disneyland.I planned my quit during a relatively stress free part of my life so that I could have a chance at being more successful. On Friday, 4 days into my quit, my lawyer calls me and says, "surprise, you need to be in court Monday." I won't go into detail, but I am part of a custody case that has gone on since 2014. It is emotional, expensive, and more than a tiny bit stressful. Things did not go well yesterday, not catastrophic, but I might loose my job. I am a chef. People tend to eat in the evenings and weekends. I work mostly days because I manage the kitchen, but I now have an order that says I can not be away from my family for more then 2 hours. I asked about after school, if school lets out at 3, and I get off at 5, and then have to drive...The judge looked at me and said "2 hours, not 2 hours and 1 minute." The judge does not care one wit what makes the money for my family. In Texas Mama's better keep their butts at home with their kids or they will loose them. This was my message and I got it loud and clear. Ooh, it smarts even now in the telling of it.It is not the end of the world.  This is the first little life hiccup I have faced as a non smoker. I have had crutches for 26 years. I used to run to the garage when an emotion got too high in my house, light up and escape for a minute. I am the kind of person who makes plans and moves on. Right now I am not moving on. I am depressed. I am immobile and instead of seeing answers my brain is in this weird haze. I am not thinking dark stuff, or doing self pity. I need some help though. I would like to hear from folks who have had real life come crashing down on their quit, and what new coping mechanisms they came up with to deal with stuff.BTW smoking is a thought, but I refuse to let my x be the reason I fail at this, sooo I am cowgirling up. I have a week. I am keeping that week. This is me planting that stake in the ground. This is mine. This is one step closer to the freedom I have been looking for. I just need to know how others are coping.