It Could Have Been A Year

A year ago (and a few days, not really sure anymore) I had decided to quit smoking for good. I set a date, prepared mentally for it and quit two days ahead of time, just because. I was very excited about quitting and it was the first serious attempt on my part. And it went really well.

Back then I lived in Hanoi with my boyfriend. The cigarettes were a dollar a pack and not too bad. But we were planning on going back home in September last year. Being in Vietnam that year changed me in many ways, for the better, so I wanted to quit smoking while there and have one last big thing to remember it by.

A series of events out of our hands took place that month. We could not get the flight we wanted, on the way back we could not get on the bus we wanted and go to the city we wanted. Long story short we were robbed upon our return and stuck in the neighboring country without money and documents. And wouldn't you know it, I took a cigarette. Not that I needed it, but simply because I could not care less and I knew it would make me happy.

It took me seven months to summon the strength and quit again. This time around bf and I armed ourselves with nicotine replacement stuff and quit together. We supported each other throughout April. Having been robbed and our money never found, we had to take up some work over the summer to save up for the fall (we both enrolled in a Master's program in another country and money was tight, thus we had to take the best paying short term work we could find).

In May we went to Croatia to work in a store. Not to expand too much since the post is already long, it's enough to say that we were stuck in a village with ten residents, worked three miles away in an isolated camp and had zero contact with normal humans. We were alone, stuck, penniless and in a very toxic work environment. At the start of June, we spontaneously decided that we actually wanted to smoke. We had no cravings, remember? We had the nicotine gums which worked wonders for us.

And we smoked.

At first we smoked two or three a day, then five, then seven and so it went until we were smoking more than half a pack a day. A pack even, depending on the day. It was the only way to sit down a little during work because we were never given any days off or breaks (except ten minutes to eat and since everyone was smoking nobody dared complain about smoke breaks).

We smoked the whole June and July, knowing we needed to quit. We could not afford to smoke while studying abroad. We knew of all the health implications. We have both seen loved ones die from lung cancer and all of them were smokers, no exception. But we kept delaying it. We'd stop once we spent the rolling papers, we'd stop once we ran out of filters, why not buy another pack of tobacco, after all it only lasts us three and a half days and it's cheap...

It makes me sad to think that today could have been the start of my second year smoke free, and instead it's day one. Still, we quit last night and we are holding up with some general self-doubt but fairly well the whole day today. And I am determined to make it last this time. See, I don't think I'll be able to look back a year from now and realize that I lost another year.

Note: I am really hyped about not smoking now. Maybe my post does not rely that very well, but it was written in a moment of sadness for the time I've lost. I'm bursting with energy now. Love you all. Reading your milestones makes me super happy. Stay strong and so will I!