Cigarettes are not your friends.

Smokers feel like they are missing something when they dont smoke. This is the addiction to nicotine. You are being emotionally manipulated and murdered slowly. You need to see cigarettes for what they really are: your enemy. destroy the enemy.

you need to truly realize that in reality you are getting nothing from the cigarettes.

you are neo and the cigarettes are the machines depleting your energy. Some smokers are not ready to be unplugged but you are.

The cigarettes communicate with your emotions and lie and tell you that they are your friends but your logical mind knows the truth. You can accept the lie or you can wake up and act on the truth that you now know. 

All your power lies in the hours of today. And this is where your power will always be. Take it one day at a time. And crush your enemy. Destroy all cigarettes. Never let them in again.

Dont wait till tomoro or any special day. That day is exactly like today. Today is where your power lives. Throw away the cigarettes and never look back. Everytime cigarettes enter your mind all you have to do is say no. Nothing more. At no point is a cigarette good for you. At no point will you accept a cigarette. At no point will you change your mind. The answer is no. The cigarettes will die and you will live.

everyday you wake up and remember that today is the day you say no to cigarettes. you remember that you are making the right choice. You are not a slave anymore. You are the master. You are in control. You will never falter. You will always be the victor. Cigarettes have no power over you. You are in control. You feel good every time you reject the lie. Your strength grows everytime you reject the lie. Cigarettes are for the weak who have become slaves. You are choosing everyday to be too strong for cigarettes. You have too much power for cigarettes to effect your mind. Your mind is too clear for cigarettes to lie to you. You make a quick decision everytime you feel for a cigarette. You say NO. Everytime. 

Luck is for the weak. You made a choice to say no to cigarettes forever. You are stronger than everyone who ever tried to quit. For the weak ones it was hard and they complained. They didnt really want to stop. You accepted everything that came with saying no to cigarettes because you made up your mind that this is the way its going to go. You decided that no matter what happens you will always say no to cigarettes. 

You see the slaves smoking and you kno that they have no control over themselves. They are literally slaves to the poison. You are not a slave. You are the master of yourself. Forever. You know that the feeling of being in full control of yourself is much more satisfying than kneeling and buckling to the destructive desire to kneel before another master.

You say no to cigarettes regardless of the feelings that may arise. Because you are in full control of yourself and will not allow another force to make you submit.