Day 3 with the patch. I just need to vent.

I'm 24 and have been smoking for about 9 years (jeeze). In that time I've volleyed from a few a day to almost 2 packs a day. For the past year I've been pretty consistent at about 10 cigarettes a day, after a "cutting back" quit attempt. For the past couple weeks I've only been smoking half a cigarette at my regular intervals, and on Wednesday I bought the patch.

Smoking has always been a part of my identity. You know that stereotype of goth kids chain smoking and drinking coffee? That's me. I go to shows and spend half the time outside chatting and chain smoking. When my boyfriend and I have a day off together, we spend the day drinking coffee and smoking. 

I've been sick of it for so long though. The headaches after going out and smoking way more than is necessary. Waking up and HAVING to have a cigarette. The, "oh, I guess Janet is going out to smoke, I know I just had one but I haven't talked to her in awhile." The smell. The wasted money. The gross gums. The huge, disruptive, disgusting crutch.

So, this time I'm doing it for real. I have to for my body, my health, my bank account, my bike, my mental well-being.

I chose Wednesday (the 19th) because my boyfriend is on the road for a month and he's a heavy smoker. It feels like I don't have a chance to rid myself of the addiction if he's here. I'm having oral surgery on the 3rd, and I've suffered through drysockets once and I don't intend to do it again. I'm going to get my teeth cleaned and bleached and I want to feel good when I smile. I'm so sick of waking up and needing to smoke. I'm sick of being young and out of breath.

So here I am. Day 3 with the patch. It's my first day off and I don't really know what to do with myself, but I know that I won't smoke. I have to go to the gas station, but I won't be buying cigarettes. I had a drink for the first time last night and I wanted so bad to have the physical sensation of a cigarette with it, but I didn't.

There's still so many triggers I haven't surmounted yet. I haven't gone to the bar. I haven't really hung out with anyone. I haven't gone to a show. I haven't seen my boyfriend (that's the one I'm most worried about when he gets back). But I have woken up, walked to the bus stop, stayed inside while my coworkers smoked, had a drink and drank coffee, all without a physical cigarette. I think those are all things to feel proud of.

