Can I smoke ever again?

I've decided to quit two weeks ago. I was standing outside my work on a cigarette break when my boss came in from the lunch. He asked me when I was going to quit and I responded that I was planning to do it soon. He jokingly said that I should give the pack to him and quit now, because there's no reason to wait for it. He has been smoking himself for 20 years and I knew he knew what he was talking about. So since I didn't have any argument against, I gave him the whole pack.

I've tried many times before and i always failed because I'm apparantly too addicted to nicotine. When I quit I get headaches, hicgh blood pressure, feel lighheaded, dizzy...and so on. So this time I decided tp back up my effort with nicotine gum. And it sure worked! I felt awful still, but it wasn't that bad thanks to the gum I could still do my daily bussiness and just keep on going.

Besides cigarettes, I've been smoking pipe. But while I started to hate cigarettes I've always loved to smoke pipe. Somehow I imagined that I didn't get any nicotine from the pipe, at least it felt so. After every pipe I smoked, I smoked a cigarette just to fullfill the dirty need of nicotine. And now, when I quit, I thought that there wouldn't be any problems with smoking just one pipe.

Woke up today with worst craving ever. Whole body shaking, dizziness, can't do anything...feels as if I quit only today. Is this normal? I fear that I won't be able to smoke anything ever again without theese effects? Is it so? Or will I be able to sometimes to smoke a pipe without feeling like this next day?


EDIT: Thank you everyone for your answers. I'm glad that I came up with this question already that early in "no smoking" part of life, I see it's pretty important to decide right now to never smoke again. But honestly it feels worse now, partly because pipes are not just nicotine, it's a hobby...and I got a new, awesome pipe just before I decided to quit, it hurts me to think that I won't be able to smoke it :( But I guess I have to motivate myself to it.