Being sick from smoking but smoking anyway

I went to the gym the other day with a friend who is going through a bad breakup. He's looking to lose weight and I'm looking to gain muscle so we did about 30 minutes of free weights followed by a half hour on the treadmill.

I like to think of myself as being pretty fit, so I start off at about an 8 minute/mile pace and move down to about 10 min/mile, then down to 15min/mile, then back up, eventually running at a 6 minute mile pace for all of about 30 seconds. I did cross country running at around that pace in high school, now, ten years of smoking later, its about as fast as I can run, period. I was more than ready to get off that treadmill after about 32 minutes (he started walking after me, taking a pretty good pace and finishing more than two miles, getting bursts of running in). I was pretty ready to step off after fifteen minutes, but there was pride at stake, so I over-exerted myself. I left the treadmill lightheaded and dizzy. I skipped my usual cigarette in the car but still had one before I went to sleep, which gave my newly stretched lungs a truly powerful nicotine buzz that I miss already.

The run felt fine in my legs and arms, but the next morning I get a serious case of lung-butter, you know, the gooey yellow-gray snot that comes out of your throat when a smoker clears their lungs out.

I felt miserable, but I kept smoking. I had four cigarettes the day after the gym and one today, but the coughing fit I've been having is something else. I feel absolutely lethargic and weak. I've been going through cold sweats. I don't want to have to go through this again, which means I'm going to need to work towards quitting. for most of the last ten years I've smoked about five to ten cigarettes a day, mostly socially. Over the last few months it's gotten closer to 20+ a day. 

I wasn't sure why at the time, but now that I put it to paper I think it's a combination of no longer really worrying about the price of cigarettes and being generally less active in the winter months. Regardless, I have made myself very sick and I'm thinking that I could really use helpful resources from people who have been there.

I tried e-cigs with an ex-girlfriend, got her to quit smoking, she stuck with it before leaving a few months later, I went back to cigarettes hard around this time and decided that if I ever quit again it would be to quit nicotine for good. I don't want my lungs in twenty years to look like tree rings alternating in e-cig residue and the tar I've been coughing up for the last 36 hours. 

I'm hoping the cold sweats and soreness go away soon. I'm mostly posting to get my experience off my chest -I don't have much faith in my ability to quit- but I would sincerely appreciate whatever resources and advice this community can provide.

I own a sub-ohm battery which replaced my e-leaf, which replaced my MVP2, which replaced the MVP1 that I gave to my ex while I was looking for my first upgrade. I'm not convinced the e-cig thing is doing anything for me, I never stop missing cigarettes and the e-cig keeps me thoroughly addicted to nicotine. I can't even think of hitting any of them now, anyways, because of how red and raw my throat is. E-cigs always dried my throat out worse than cigarettes, so even as bad as I've felt, if I'm going to smoke, it's usually going to be the real thing.

**TL;DR:** Went running on a treadmill for half an hour, wound up coughing up a few tablespoons of cigarette-scented lung butter. Looking to wait out my nicotine withdrawals while I feel like shit anyways. 
