Quitting-advice for an 83 year old (my mom) who wants to stop smoking?

So my mother is 83 years old and in generally-declining health, mostly due to her having smoked most of the past 61 years.  She has high-blood pressure, but it is managed.  She's not on oxygen, breathing can be labored at times if she's walking uphill or long distances without her cane.  She is a bit overweight, but not diabetic and HBP is her main issue. 

Mom is normally a busybody who gets REALLY anxious and frustrated whenever she goes without cigarettes for long.  When she's tried to quit in the past, there's been drama.  I've seen her experience everything from depression to anger during each attempt in the past.   Of course, she was a 2-pack a day smoker in the 80s, nowadays it's maybe 4 to 6 cigs a day (I've tried to monitor her cigarette packs and quiz her housekeeper, and that seems about right).  So I'm wondering if it might be easier to quit?  Her last attempt was a few years ago and despite everyone being supportive she started up again.  

Recently her friend who makes cigarette runs (Mom no longer drives) and her housekeeper were not available for a couple days --- she left her retirement community and walked a mile or two up the road (at 81!!) to a convenience store to get her fix.  She never takes long walks, got confused, and a cop saw her and was worried enough to stop and bring her home.  She gave us quite the scare during that nic fit.   Supplied her with the Nicorette patches & lozenges a few years ago during a solid attempt to quit, only to find her smoking while wearing a patch a month into it!  True story!   I've tried to do what I could to help her quit over the years, but someone really has to want it.  You can't make somebody  want it, or do the work for them, but I have always been supportive during each attempt.  

Of course, she's at the age where just about everybody says: "quitting? at that age?!  too stressful on the system! quitting might be more dangerous than a few cigs a day!".  I do worry about that.  

This time she sounds like she really wants to quit, after a recent bout of smokers cough (lungs are poor but no cancer thank God).  While I've been down this road, she seems determined to try and told me that she isn't going to buy cigarettes and I want to be supportive.  

So I'm seeking any advice for elderly people who quit.  I was thinking of meds (have a friend who says Wellbutrin helped a ton in quitting) but may not be an option for an elderly person taking HBP meds who gets anxious.  I plan to speak with her Dr on her upcoming checkup about this too, just thought I might ask here as well.

**tldr; 83-yr old w/ HBP (managed) who has smoked for about 61 years wants to quit, but she gets *really* bad nic fits. Seeking advice on curbing cravings/anxiety and to not stress her system.**