Need help quitting. Smoker for something like 3 years and have never made it more than a week

I've tried quitting so many times in the past two years. I always seem to give in. It doesn't help that I live with my mom who is a chronic smoker herself but I simply cannot afford to smoke anymore, physically or financially, let alone the long term health risks. I smoke anywhere from half a pack to a pack a day and lately it's pretty much been a pack a day. I used to try to quit all the time and fail constantly but at least the effort would curb my appetite and help me cut back a little bit. I don't know what it is about cigarettes, because believe me I've done more drugs than you can imagine and have made it out alive from all of them, but I really can't fucking break this habit. I get these weird physical withdrawals when I don't smoke for even a few hours straight while conscious. It's kind of like I can feel my veins start to work again without the muscular inhibition provided by nicotine, and the blood rushing to my head makes me light headed and feel like my eyes are burning holes in the back of my skull. Sometimes tears just flow senselessly as a result, it's not the same as crying, it's just this strange physical release that gives me horrible anxiety and a strange kind of pain(it really is just a disorienting mental cloud of perpetual irritation). I always end up giving in because even if I make it a day or two or three without smoking it just gets worse and i start borderline hallucinating from the lack of nicotine. I'm told my grandpa(who died before I was born) was horribly addicted to smoking as well. Just something about my genetics I guess but it really feels like I can't live without smoking. With that said I just wanted to ask a few questions:

1) Does anyone else have these kinds of withdrawals when they quit smoking or is it just me? I find it hard to believe it's just me but I've never really heard anyone else describe what I feel.

2) Do you have any advice outside the obvious(chewing gum, keeping busy, exercising) because I'm already taking the obvious advice to heart as of right now?

3) How long does it usually take for the withdrawals to progress to the stage where you're only battling against the nostalgia of smoking?