48 hours later and I feel pretty good about myself.

Just someone else's story, read on if you will.

I decided last Sunday I'd give this another shot. Spent a week slipping up every day while already on the patch, but resolved this Sunday night that Monday morning was a new week and I was actually done.

It's been two days but I feel pretty good, last night was a test; met some friends at a bar to watch the NBA finals and drank more than I normally would over the course of a night, and even sat by the street-side open bay windows. So with a random breeze every once in a while I'd catch that framiliar smell and almost regretted our seating choice.

Then came half-time; and I got to watch first hand as a flood of smokers made their way to the doors and on to the street right on cue. Just a week ago I would have been one of them, but now I was able to watch with the confidence and arrogance of a non-smoker and felt damn good about myself. It was nice being able to look down upon a past version of myself.

Then came the end of the game and OT, and if you're not a basketball fan or haven't seen the highlights, I suggest you YouTube "nba finals game 6". I was able to enjoy the high of the playoffs all without a trusty cigarette ever coming to my lips, but on to the end of this story.

After the excitement died down and we were paying our tab, packing up and getting ready to leave, a friend realizes his phone is no longer in his pocket or on the table. Son-of-a-bitch... 

In the excitement of the last five minutes some asshole's swiped his two year old samsung. As were going through the motions checking under the table I realized this was the exact excuse I would have used in the past to sneak out for one last 'stress smoke', and I didn't.

In the end didn't find the phone, so we took a shot in its honour,  I went home, slept it off, and went for a run this morning before work, feels good man.

TLDR; use the patch if you're making a serious attempt.

Sorry for typos, posting from phone.