I got shitfaced last night

And for the first time in my life, I did not smoke a cigarette while very, very drunk. For me, smoking has always been something I only did when drinking. I used this as a justification, since I didn't smoke while sober I thought it wasn't as big of a deal. But when I did drink I'd chain smoke up to a pack and a half in one night and then wake up feeling like an 18th century chimney sweep. At the height of my debauchery I was drinking at least 3 nights a week and going through as many packs, so I don't know who I thought I was kidding about not being a "real smoker."

That said, I am so hungover this morning. I do not recommend drinking to excess, and it seems odd to make a celebratory post while experiencing the aftereffects of doing so. But I had a blast last night with friends, and I have to say that a hangover is so much more manageable without the aching, constricted feeling of my poor lungs suffering from me bombarding them with hours of deeply inhaled toxic smoke. I enjoyed drinking and celebrating every bit as much or MORE without cigarettes as I did when I still smoked, which was a fear I always had about quitting. 

I've still got a long journey and more temptations to overcome, but getting through last night has done wonders for my confidence. Before I still felt unsure, but now I know that I can break the association between cigarettes and alcohol. Despite having my judgement impaired I can maintain that stolid and unmovable decision that come what may, I will not smoke. And if I can do it, anyone dealing with the same deeply engrained associations who might be wavering can too. I smoked for seven years, from the ages of 17 to 24, almost exclusively while drinking.

I've lurked in this subreddit quite a bit since the New Year when I quit, but before this I haven't had something I felt was worth making a post about. Everytime I've wanted a cigarette or thought about caving in, I just come here instead to read the inspirational posts and remind myself that I want to be a part of this community. So thank you! Without the support and stories of everyone here I wouldn't be able to contribute my own small victory today. 


