I honestly thought I would die a smoker. One year free from the prison of nicotine.

I had smoked since I was 16. I got a job at a bowling alley, back when most of the staff and customers that came there were smokers too, back when you were still able to smoke inside. Bowlers would leave partial packs when they went home, so I’d snag them and share with the other employees, rather than throwing them away. My mom smoked and I absolutely hated it, so why I even began who the hell knows. 15 years later, thousands of hours lost, tens of thousands of dollars spent, smelly clothes, smelly car, fucked up teeth and gums, difficulty sleeping and breathing. I finally said enough is enough, and quit cold turkey about a month before my 31st birthday. Today marks a full year without so much as even a single puff. 

Unfortunately, I live with other smokers, so it was a bit tough at first, but I’ve fought any temptation to cheat. It wasn’t the first time I’d try to quit, but I was absolutely determined that it would be the last. Failure was not an option. Having “just one” was not even a consideration. The mantra that I kept repeating to myself was, “The only thing cigarettes do is make you feel bad.” And it’s true. The only reason that cigarette does make you feel slightly less shitty when you smoke it is because it satisfies the withdrawals from the previous one to make you feel “normal” again. It’s the same with the next one, and the next one, and next one. 

It’s a cycle that doesn’t ever end unless you end it. You’re a drug addict. It’s just as bad as heroin, or opioids, or alcohol, or any other drugs. It may be even worse honestly, because it’s legal, readily available, for the most part socially acceptable, incredibly addictive, and you’re not really at risk to overdose like other drugs. But it will kill you eventually. Slowly, and painfully. It takes your money, it takes your time, it takes your sanity, and it takes your health. You’re a slave to cigarettes just like any other drug. The sooner you can realize this and free yourself, the better. 

One thing, in particular, that I noticed after quitting that was one of the biggest changes was just how regimented all of my days had been previously. I partitioned all my time in between smokes. I always had to figure out “When’s the next time I can go out and smoke?” “Do I have enough to make it through the day?” “Do I have to stop on the way to grab smokes?” And just how many times of day where a smoke was “necessary”. Wake up. Cigarette. Cup of coffee. Cigarette. Eat a good meal. Cigarette. Jump in the car. Cigarette. Take a break. Cigarette. Have a beer. Cigarette. Work’s too slow. Cigarette. Work’s too busy. Cigarette. All of you guys who’ve smoked know how fucking soul-sucking it can feel sometimes.  This was one of weirder and harder parts for me, was restructuring how I spent my time every day. It's no longer segmented into one or two hour blocks. My time is mine, and that really makes you feel like you have a much greater sense of control of your life. 

Admittedly, I'm a very lazy person. I always have been. I hate putting in the effort to do things that need to be done and generally very unmotivated to do stuff I don't absolutely have to. In most circumstances, this is pretty detrimental when it comes personal betterment, relationships, or work, but I tapped into this innate laziness to help me quit. I figured it's always much easier to not do something than to do it, right? It takes effort to go outside every hour or two, especially if it’s really cold or really hot. It takes effort to have to stop at the gas station several times a week when you otherwise wouldn’t need to, or go out of county to buy a carton of cheap smokes. It’s pretty rare, if you think about it, to be both lazy as hell and achieving your goals simultaneously. So take advantage of this unique opportunity. Be lazy. Be a non-smoker.

Something help I did for first couple weeks after I quit, I would write that mantra I talked about in marker on my hand each day, stick a post-it on my bathroom mirror, my work computer, and my dashboard to remind myself of this fact anytime there was a craving.
 
THE ONLY THING CIGARETTES DO IS MAKE YOU FEEL BAD.
 
After a few months behind you, you start to rewire your brain, and all those triggers and times you need to smoke seem to not matter anymore. There are fewer cravings, farther apart. Most days I completely forget about cigarettes entirely. It’s not easy, but it only gets easier. 

Starting smoking was possibly the dumbest decision I ever made in my life, quitting is without a doubt the smartest. I’m never going back. 

A sincere thanks to you guys and gals at r/stopsmoking for the tremendous support and daily inspiration that this sub provides. Thanks for letting me rant a bit too.