(Rant) My Smoke Free app says I’ve successfully quit for 2 months and 12 days. If only it knew...

I tried to quit cigarettes two months ago, and I felt great for all six days of it. I distracted myself with running, and fought off the cravings with jello and chewing gum. But I started smoking again after six days, partly because I was drunk and partly because I was starting to feel the withdrawal, and I couldn’t afford a withdrawal fever in the middle of my final exams (yet somehow I could afford to get drunk... damn you, brain).

I just feel that quitting smoking would change the way I live my life, but not necessarily for the better, you know? I’d continue going to uni, to my part-time job, and back to my miserable home. Having a cigarette with coffee or a stiff drink is a treat I allow  myself for just making it through another day, and I don’t know how I’d go about my days without that treat. 

It makes me wonder, do I smoke/drink regularly and excessively because I’m unhappy, or is it the other way around? Sure, I quit six days and felt great, but that was due to the novelty and empowering feeling of having recently quit. It fucks me up to think that I’ll still be the same person living the same life whether I quit or not. 

I’m thinking of quitting again, but I’m still on my last semester of college. Thinking of the sleep I’ll be losing, the stress that’ll accumulate, and the beers I’ll be having with my friends... I can’t just step away from those triggers, you know?

I don’t even have a real reason to quit. I previously banked on the thought that, maybe quitting will help me with my unhappiness, but no cigarettes does not equal no bad days. 

I just wish I knew what was on the other side, like if I could be given a contract by maybe God or Morgan Freeman as God, that said “If you quit smoking you will be a happier person.” And Morgan Freeman would surely stick to his word, right? 

I desperately want something good to look forward to if I quit. I don’t want to think of quitting as a miserable ordeal. 

