I really, really want to quit

I am a 28-year-old and have smoked since I was 18. I went immediately from trying a cigarette to a pack-a-day since. I have had some periods of life where I have cut back dramatically, but for the most part, that is where I have been consistently. 3/4 grandparents smoked (two have died of smoking-related illnesses), and both of my parents now smoke, though did not while i was growing up.

I work from home in academia in a job in which I have to be able to process a lot of varied information and then write a lot of information off of the top of my head all day. Nicotine seems to help me tremendously with keeping my thoughts focused and distracting me to some extent from getting bored with all of the reading and writing i do all day, which can get tedious. 

I go through little periods where I "quit" for about 12-48 hours or so maybe once every two months. This is always triggered by common-sense things, like health concerns, the cost, a desire for a sense of freedom, and the fact that I really do hate feeling like a drug addict. I can get desperate when it comes to smoking in a way that feels really dirty. 

However, the symptoms of not being able to stay focused when I stop are horrible. I also very quickly become short-tempered (I'd say within two hours of not having a cigarette I start getting noticeably irritable) and that is a hump that is really tough to get over, because it's so hard to be around myself when I feel so mean and so frustrated with myself. If I make it that far, a feeling of self-loathing comes over me around the second day of not smoking that is really hard to deal with. I've definitely broken down crying when in this state and just feel a general absence of happiness that is very hard to deal with, and also tends to prevent me from working through it, because when you feel nihilistic and self-loathing, the tendency is not to care what happens, and making the hard choice to quit takes resolve and a level of care about yourself.

My reasons for wanting to quit are the usual: Health benefits (specifically my skin. I haven't had clear skin without being medicated since I was 21 and i strongly suspect that smoking is a big part of that, but have not had the opportunity to test this theory as I have never quit smoking long enough); the cost; the social stigma; wanting my body to naturally smell good again; to prove to myself that I can conquer it; generally making a positive change; getting back in touch with who I am when I remove this "filter" of nicotine, etc., and so on. However, like I said, it is extremely hard to get through that first period when the "depression" stage hits. It's bad enough going through the short-temperedness and the foggy brain and the frustration, but then the black sadness hits and I just don't care, even with external support from loved ones. 

I have an extremely healthy lifestyle aside from this. I have done yoga since I was 18 and exercise daily. I walk my dogs daily. I garden. I am a vegan and I love to cook. I eat very healthfully. I have a healthy, comitted relationship with a fun sex life. I write and draw as a creative outlet.This is my sole vice or area of lack of healthfulness, but I really go hard with it. I know for a lot of folks replacing smoking with a healthier habit is something useful, or that people who smoke sometimes have generally unhealthy lives or linked addictions, but I don't think that's the case for me (don't drink, don't party, don't do drugs or smoke weed, social circle doesn't smoke). I don't know what else to swap this habit out for that I don't already consciously make time to do.

I smoked half of a cigarette this morning and then threw it out. I am ready to try this again, but this habit has got a chokehold on my brain and I recognize I am going to need a ton of feedback and support from people who have been through this and are going through this to quit. I could really use some advice and support.
 