Day one and my reason for quitting.

Smoking is one of those things. It's just part of life. 

Smoking contributed to my father's day on June 8th of this year. He was 66 years old. The man who was in perfect health up until his first heart attack in 1997 , when I was 10, smoked up to two packs a day while working a stressful job in pharmaceuticals while living in New Jersey. All those things make for a reason to smoke. I grew up around it. He smoked in the house and I never thought anything about it. That was normal to me. So when he had that first heart attack in 1997, things changed. There was no more smoking at all. The house was deep cleaned, and remodeled or repainted where the nicotine had stained the walls. He got a motorcycle again, went through a little bit of a mid life crisis. He was the cool, non-smoking dad. I loved my dad. But, fuck. We butted heads. 

When I got into high school, he had a tremendously bad motorcycle accident. We joked that he broke the left side of his body, but legitimately, he did. Nothing was left untouched and we had a hospital bed in our formal dining room for about 3 months after he came home from the hospital. 
Another massive heart attack and several stints came a couple of years later. The running joke soon became that he 'will never die', 'nothing can kill this man'. 

Now, we left New Jersey in 2005- I was about to graduate High School and dad had accepted a more relaxed position at another pharmaceutical company in Tennessee. 
Around 2008-2009, my mom fell ill and was basically in a medically induced coma. Dad was laid off of work. Through two bouts of this and  mom's rehab to regain muscle memory, dad had failed to take care of himself, or allow me to help him with anything as he was too focused on keeping mom alive. He had several heart attacks (or cardiac infarctions) of varying degrees of severity throughout the time mom was incapacitated. He began gaining a lot of weight and at his heaviest, he found it difficult to do small tasks without becoming winded. 

When my mom finally made her miraculous recovery, we were able to help him. As a veteran of the Vietnam war (82nd Airborne) he applied for, and after much difficulty, was accepted to receive VA benefits and care at the VA hospital in Nashville. Upon his first exam, the doctors were astonished to see that he was still alive, let alone able to function and walk. His heart was operating at 15-20%. Tests, medicines, surgeries to place more stints and cardiac caths. His medicine cabinet looked like something you would see in a movie. Pill bottles everywhere. He was being kept alive by the very drugs he had helped to develop for all the years he worked in big Pharma. He hated it. He knew he was ill, knew he had fucked up somewhere along the line, but never understood how it got like this. He was once a vibrant, athletic man who dreamed of walking the Appalachian Trail again.  I begged with him for the past year to try to start walking a little bit at a time. Try to get back into shape where he would be able to start doing things again. But it was a catch 22. He couldn't work out because he was so heavy, and he was so heavy because he couldn't move.. All because his heart wouldn't let him. It killed him that he couldn't do anything.

He had an implanted defibrillator put in about a year ago. Was prescribed oxygen to be worn at home (he never used it). And was put on a C-Pap machine to help him sleep. 
The man took up smoking cigars pretty much daily for the past year. He figured that since things were not going to get better, he might at well enjoy himself on the way out. He also started talking to god. Sitting out on the back porch under the blazing north Georgia sun, he would stare at the scenery, making comments about how god was in the trees blowing in the wind. He took up reading the bible again. I feel like during the few months leading up to his death, he knew. 

My dad was hospitalized on June 7th, 2017 for pneumonia. On the morning of the 8th, he was moved to the CCU (Cardiac Care Unit). My mom fed him breakfast that morning, but due to visiting hours, she had to leave by 11am. He was in good spirits. They were going to put in a PICC line as he had become septic around 11:30am. I called my mom around 2pm, and she mentioned that he was in the hospital- this was the first I had heard about it. I had an incredible sensation that something wasn't right. Mom kind of panicked, realizing what the nurse had just told her and told me to get there. She was at home, about 40 minutes from the hospital and has received a call from the doctor letting her know that dad had taken a turn for the worse.  I left work, and called the hospital. The nurse said that I should get there as quickly as possible, as he does not have much time left. My boyfriend picked me up and drove as fast as he possibly could. 

I missed him. I miss him. 

10 minutes sooner and I could have said goodbye. I cried. I absolutely lost my shit. Then I went outside and smoked a cigarette.

I'm fucking done. My dad died. I am following the same god damned path he took, and he died- alone in a fucking hospital bed. 

Why do we pay to kill ourselves? 


I smoked my last cigarette at 4:35pm yesterday. 


(This was going to be a really light hearted post about how I went grocery shopping to be better prepared to quit and which items are helping me the most right now. I'm sorry that this turned into a sob fest)

(Also, please excuse typos, grammar, etc.- I typed this thing out like a emotional waterfall, just going going- tears)

