Almost just bought a pack.

So. My quit story is a little different than most. I was a pack+ per day smoker for 10 years. This past Christmas morning (12/25/17), I woke up in extreme pain and had my boyfriend take me to the ER. Turns out I had a kidney stone. It wasn’t my first but it was double the size of my last one and extremely painful. The hospital gave me Percocet and Phenergan. I don’t take pills for anything except maybe for a headache every now and then, so I didn’t react to the meds very well. I essentially spent the next 48 hours not eating, in pain, sleeping and vomiting. 

I woke up the third day and thought “I want a cigarette”. Went out to smoke. Took 1 hit and it was disgusting. It smelled awful and tasted even worse. I took one more hit thinking it was just a bad hit (like when you’ve had a bad cigarette every now and then).  It tasted worse than the first hit. I couldn’t do it. Went back inside and didn’t smoke anymore that day. 

Day 4: woke up, wanted another cigarette and tried again. Same as the day before. Totally gross. I hated the taste and smell. Got 2 hits in and put it out. I never went back. 

I can officially call myself a “non-smoker” now for 1 month, 9 days, 6 hours, 10 minutes, and 26 seconds (but who’s counting?). I never went through any withdrawals because I slept through it all. I know that was lucky and it should not have been that easy. It has been 40 days now and I haven’t had a “craving” per se, but more I just think about cigarettes. Like - when at work, I do a lot of meetings and used to have a cigarette in between or after meetings. Today for example, I had 2 back to back. After my first meeting I thought “This would be the time I would smoke a cigarette”. But not “I NEED a cigarette”, if that makes sense. Overall, it has been way easier than I ever thought it would be. My boyfriend still smokes and every time he comes in from a smoke, he smells DISGUSTING. I can’t even kiss him. I smell it all the time and it is so gross.  

Tonight, I got in a pretty bad fight with my boyfriend over something that happened at work. Went to a hotel to stay the night. While I’m packing, he is still fighting with me. I’m crying. Worst cravings I have had since I quit smoking. Packed a lighter knowing I was going to buy a pack on the way to the hotel. I’m still thinking about it. Drinking wine while packing, thinking about how badly I want to chain smoke. Thinking about getting a smoking room at this hotel so I can run through an entire pack tonight. The only thing stopping me is knowing how lucky I got with not having to go through the withdrawals. Oh well - I can just do it tonight and be done with it by tomorrow, right? 

I didn’t buy a pack. I will be okay. I made it through that but it was by far the WORST craving(s) I’ve had since I quit. Can someone please tell me how you’ve gotten through rough times without smoking? It’s easy when it’s easy. But when it’s hard... it’s HARD. I don’t want to go back and I LOVE being a non-smoker. 

TIA for any advice. 

-a lucky non-smoker. 