Just realized I recently cracked the 1,000 day mark. Couple of things I learned along the way

Mr. Allen Carr is my personal saviour. He is my GabeN and my Bernie. I consider myself lucky to be among the people the easyway method works for. I took a weekend off to do nothing but read his book. I started on saturday morning and by sunday evening I was a non smoker. Here's what happened next:

I got myself some running shoes and started working out, which turned out to be a good idea because I started to gain weight almost immediatly. Apparenetly, cigs and snacks trigger the same "reward" mechanisms in the brain. While stopping smoking can be surprisingly easy, it is surprisingly hard to not have those suddenly really tasty donuts. If you're careful and start watching your diet this phase will also pass though.

I didn't stick to running, I also tried swimming and ended up with a lot of lifting. Doing sports in general is a great way to help you quit imho. Because your lungs regenerate and your blood flow gets better everyday you will make exponential progress. This will give you insane confidence and more to lose if you relapse, you will definitely think more than twice about lighting that cigarette. Find out what works for you, but get moving!

Sex, your SO is in for a big surprise.

Dreams can be weird. Shortly after I quit, I had a lot of dreams about smoking again. These turned into "Oh no, I smoked again!" dreams after a while and ended up becoming "No thank you, I don't smoke anymore" in the end. Although I didn't think / remember about smoking for days at a time, dreams always seemed to come back. But so do dreams about ex girlfriends or preschool (wtf brain).

I don't avoid smokers, nor do I act like I'm better than them. This has always been my personal recovery and I don't drag other people into it. The only thing i did was making a buddy of mine promise that he wouldn't try to persuade me to have "only one cigarette" with him. Apart from that, I still take "smoking breaks" with my coworkers and have those 5 minute chats with them, the only difference being that I'm not smoking. I still sit in the smoking area in bars when I'm out with friends who still smoke (although I strongly prefer the non smoking areas, because once your sense of smell comes back, you'll realize that they really stink). Since day one other people smoking hasn't been an issue for me.

Do not smoke anything. No cigarettes, no cigars, no vape, no trees, nothing. Treat this shit like a dry alcoholic treats booze. You will do perfectly fine without any kind of smoke in your lungs. Really.

You will be happy again. In fact, you will be a lot happier about yourself and about what you achieved. You will have chill moments, you will have a great time out with your friends, you will sit on the beach and watch the sunset and it will be perfectly fine to not smoke in that moment. Really, don't be afraid. [Read the damn book because it will explain all that shit to you so clearly that quitting will become easy.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nuHfVn_cfHU)