Just finished reading Allan Carr’s easyway to quit smoking

A while back a friend messaged me to say this book helped her sister and to read it when I was ready. Last night I was struggling to fall asleep. Usually, I try to mindfully breathe when this happens but I was particularly disturbed by how shallow and blocked my breaths were. (Additionally, my struggles with limbs and digits falling asleep [circulation] are getting worse and I’ve developed stiff pains in my legs when reposing). I searched and searched my messages with this friend trying to find the book and when I finally found the link, I downloaded it for my kindle app.

I devoured 60 pages before finally making another crack at going to sleep. Feeling gross about my shallow breathing and inspired by the book, i was ready to go about the pain in the ass business of “willpower” quitting like I had time and again before (and, I would have woken up with almost no nicotine in my body).

I knew the books advice was to delay the last cigarette until finishing the book. Because of that, I was almost desperate to finish it before morning so that I wouldn’t smoke that morning cigarette. But I wanted to follow the method in earnest, and so, I didn’t fight my morning craving.

I finished the book the following day, but by the time I got to the chapter with the “instructions” (they’re something positively inane like 1) don’t smoke 2) be happy about it) and I just started to cry. I really thought this could be the easy way for me like it has been for so many people; a miracle. I approached it with an open mind and really felt like I had internalized all the un-brainwashing (cigarettes are nothing more than a delivery device for nicotine, they don’t relieve stress, they cause it, quitting is not to deprive yourself of anything, etc etc) but by the time I got to the part that insists you must solemnly swear to quit and be happy about it I just couldn’t muster that kind of conviction.

I can rationally understand all the points and arguments. I cannot simply conjure a happiness over being a non-smoker simply because Allan Carr wills it.  And then, of course, the smug fucker has the audacity to claim that an inability to do so is because one simply hasn’t “understood” or “followed” the instructions, the antidote for which is of course reading the bleeding thing over again or giving his seminar centers your money.

I feel like a huge sack of shit and more convinced than ever that I’ll never quit smoking or be able to. I’m so let down that this didn’t work for me. All the reviews are like “I don’t know why but it works!! It really works!” And the seminar success rate had gotten me excited to quit and have it be as easy as he claims it will be. But I’ve finished the book and all I want is a cigarette. And i just can seem to say “YIPEE, I’m a non smoker!” Like he advises when going through withdrawal.

I’m more depressed right now than in any other quit attempt. And I’m sure everyone will simply suggest that i haven’t understood something, somehow. Are there any other Allen Carr haters here?