April 24- my day of infamy

April 24, I quit. After 18 years, I smoked my last cigarette at 12:30 p.m. with my roommate. After a few beers in our basement, she said she was proud of my decision. I'm proud of my decision. 

I started smoking when I was 12. Heather B. and I would steal ciggies from her holder sister and hide in the woods to smoke. It was gloriously rebellious. Her sister eventually caught us, beat the crap out of Heather, and yelled at me. It didn't matter though, we were already hooked. By age 14, I was hanging around gas stations, asking people to buy me smokes. Once the mall rat days hit, it became a lot easier. I never smoked inside my high school, but you can bet your bottom dollar I had a ciggy in my mouth before leaving the parking lot. 

I smoked throughout college and, though smoking, met most of my friends. They all smoked and some still do. I started running in college too. Freshman year, I was up to six miles in an hour, while smoking. It tapered throughout the remaining years of undergrad. I smoked in graduate school. I started noticing the yellowing of my teeth and decreased lung capacity. It didn't matter though, because to me I was still active and wasn't wheezing. 

I switched from Reds to American Spirits Light Blues. I smoked those from 2012 to 2018. I'm not promoting the brand, because they're all bad, but I started smoking less after switching. 

I've been running, consistently, five days a week since Oct. 31 2017. I'm learning to climb and started around the same time. Smoking hasn't been pleasurable since. I could feel my body gasping for air, similar to how I felt the first time at high altitude- it didn't matter how big of breaths I took, I wasn't getting enough oxygen. In December 2017, I found out I have Raynauds, which is exacerbated by smoking. 

Smoking has been a beautifully disastrous experience. Without it, I wouldn't be where I am, with the people I have. With it, I've destroyed my body and part of my mind. Habits are hard to break. I often compare smoking to an abusive relationship - you know its wrong, but god damn if its hard to leave. 

So I finally made the decision. I heard it's best to start/stop habits on Tuesdays. So Monday night, I bought a box of Nicoderm CQ patches. I know this will be a long process and I don't expect it to be easy. But I'm proud of myself for making the decision. April 24 is my day of infamy. I'm beginning a new life for myself, a new identity, and a new chapter. I'm excited, pumped, and ready. 

2018 is about me. 

Thanks for reading :) Have a lovely weekend everyone! 