Day 1

Sorry that this is a little all over the place. I'm just so excited, guys! 

Just smoked my last cigarette. I feel happy and hopeful and driven to make it the actual last cigarette forever. Only a little nervous, but I know I can make it through this! I've heard a lot that you should wait for a day off or wait until after the holidays, but I just didn't want to wait anymore.

Last year, on New Years Eve, I told myself I was going to quit this year. I had a few 2-5 day periods over the year in which I had refrained from smoking, but kept  ending up going back to it. Every other time I told myself, "I'll quit tomorrow after x" or "next week after y." I told myself, "I'll wait for my weekend and I'll assuredly be better off trying to quit when I don't have to go to work!" I kept pushing it back, and here I am now, almost at the end of the year, still a smoker. 

Last week, I thought to myself that enough is enough. I'm not going to let myself be pushed around by cancer sticks anymore. Searched Reddit, found this sub, found some inspiration and here I am now!!! I read the Allen Carr book and it didn't make me feel any different about quitting, but it got me super hyped to quit. Reading everyone's posts here got me hyped to quit. 

I'm excited. I have quit, and will continue to stay quit. I don't need to smoke to make it through Christmas. Christmas Day is my actual birthday, so I've been thinking about it as a birthday present to myself. I'm giving myself better breathing and an extra ~$2,000 a year. I'm giving myself more time to do things, better breakfasts (because cigarettes and coffee is NOT a food group) and a happier, healthier life. Smoking is what has been keeping me from going back to play a sport I love because I was nervous I wouldn't be able to keep up. I am enticed and eager to see the difference in my physical performance without smoking. 

Lastly, I'm so incredibly appreciative that this sub exists. Thank you so much to everyone here who posts, and to everyone who comments with encouragement. I'm not going to lie, I'm not sure I would have end up here if I never found this sub! You guys are the best!