I’m not ready

That’s what I keep saying.  I am 100% not ready to quit yet.  Just the thought of quitting makes me want nothing more than to chain smoke indefinitely.  I’m really addicted.  There’s no arguing that, so of COURSE I’m not ready.  It’s going to be miserable and I’m definitely going to fail, again. It’s pointless to torture myself because after countless attempts, I know when I’m not ready and I’m 100% definitely not ready.

But I needed to lose weight and smoking wasn’t going to stop me from doing that.  So I did it... 10... 20... 40... 80 lbs lost and I feel great.  But I’m still not ready to quit.  The thought of it sends a panic through every inch of me and I smoke furiously until I’ve convinced myself I am definitely not ready to quit.  Someone that was ready to quit wouldn’t panic at the thought or chain smoke an entire pack.  No, I can relax now because I am a confirmed smoker and I am not ready to quit.

And then there was Nina.  Nina is an acquaintance at the gym and someone with the fitness I envy.  All it took was one statement, “You should join the half marathon”.  I’ve never been a strong runner, but I’ve always wanted to be the type of person that runs.  The fact that it even occurred to her that I might be able to do it confirmed in my mind that I had to try.  “I can do this,” I tell myself.  “I’ve lost a ton of weight through hard work and discipline. I’ll start training now and I’ll be ready in 6 months time.”

I start training on my own and a couple of months later I join a run group.  I’m feeling great!  I’m still losing weight, I’m running miles without stopping, my resting heart rate is down to 61 BPM... and I’m still smoking two packs a day.  I’m NOT ready yet.  On my way to the gym I smoke.  I keep a cigarette and lighter in my runner’s pack just in case I decide to smoke on my warm up or cool down walk.  I’m smoking again before I even make it to my car.  

I am 100% not ready to quit.  The thought still fills me with panic.  But during a run I lose my breath.  I’ve always had strong lungs despite my smoking.  I know how to pace my breaths, but I cannot exhale quick enough.  My chest is tight and something is NOT right.  I recover and I light up as I walk back to my car.  I’m still not ready to quit, but I give myself a week to get ready.  I want to be fit.  I want to be able to run. I want to reach my goals.

That week was up on Monday.  I made it until Monday evening before I remembered that I was really 100% not ready to quit.  I smoked an entire pack between then and Tuesday morning.  Then I made it another 24 hours to Wednesday morning before I realized I couldn’t handle being at the gym without smoking, so I better go grab a single so that I can get my workout done.  I smoked the single, but did not return to the gym. 

That was my last one.  I’m on day 3 now and I’m still 100% not ready to quit.  I’ve been unsure of this quit attempt from the start, but I’m also sure that I’m never going to feel ready.  At this point, I’ve gone through too much withdrawal to give up now.  So for anyone else out there that isn’t ready to quit yet, you’re not alone.  I’m still not ready, but I’m doing it anyways.