I made it to day 3!!! But, work days are definitely the hardest! I WILL NOT SMOKE TODAY!

So, I've been thinking about quitting for quite some time.  The past year has been nothing but self-loathing smoking....I do it when I'm so pissed at the world, nothing matters (especially my health).  I do it to procrastinate.  I do it out of habit...But I hate it.

11 years a smoker.  I went to the gyne 2 weeks ago and they made it clear that next year (when  I'm 30), I'm either going to have to change my birth control prescription or be a non-smoker.  They've been telling me to quit for fucking years because I have a case of HPV that just won't go away (will get smaller each year, but never full DIE).  If my immune system wasn't so fucking compromised, I would probably not be having to go every 6 months for a pap or colcopascapy.  

I run.  I am fit. I eat right.  I take care of my body....yet I smoke.  Its so idiotic.  I seriously would come home from a strength training session or get home from a great run and have a cig.  How gross is that?  How...hypocritical.  Make my body work hard, then poison it for the trouble.

Well, I had a family wedding on saturday.  After having one in the morning, I decided not to bring the pack with me.   Its a small wedding and I would never ever smoke in front of my mother.  We got home about 1.5 days later and I thought 'wow-why not just quit now?  I've already made it 36 hours'.  My boyfriend was ecstatic 'YES!  YES!  YOU'RE ALREADY HALFWAY THROUGH THE PHYSICAL WITHDRAWAL YOU CAN DO THIS!'.  I know he hates it...he's so fucking good at not making me feel bad about it...not acting like I smell/taste like shit.  He deserves a healthy normal-smelling girlfriend.  It was our 4th anniversary last friday....what a great gift to give him.  We both love to be fit and while I usually just blame my much shorter legs for my much slower pace...maybe I'll actually be able to keep up with him on the trails now!  There's only one way to find out!  I ran the Tufts 10k for Women yesterday and while I've never run so far in my life.....I was able to keep my mile pace what it normally is for a 5k!  I was pretty impressed with myself and I know I would have struggled os much more if I had had a cigarette 48 hours before that race.  All I can think is.....how much better will it be after a month of no cigs?  Maybe I WILL be able to accomplish my life-long dream of running the Boston Marathon for the charity I work with, Community Cooks!

But, to be honest....I'm super worried about work days.  I work in the city and often take smoke breaks w/ my book.   There were points in my life that I ONLY smoked at work and never at home!  I never want to go back to being ANY kind of smoker. So, I ask you all to send me some encouragement and any tips/tricks you may have.  You people are such a support.  Any tips you have for making it through workdays?  