Day 23-and what an amazing thanksgiving holiday it was without cigs

Thanksgiving day was spent with my boyfriend's family-12 people, 2 kids (baby and a 4 year old), and 6 dogs.  One of them is my new rescue dog.   I love my boyfriend's family-they're really fun, funny, laid back.  It doesn't mean that this day wasn't stressful and overstimulating.  My dog was bit by one of his sister's dogs....so my poor 50 pound dog wouldn't leave the mud room and just trembled for a while.  It took about an hour to realize he was bleeding.  As the day progressed, my dog would get growly and upset at anyone that came close, even the nice 4 year old sophie.  Sophie refused to nap because of all the fun so she was tired and growchy pretty early too.  Boyfriend and I slept on a broken air mattress that was deflated in about 30 minutes.  We all slept there, but every time one of the 12 people farted, all the dogs would go nuts.  I ended up leaving around 430 am because I was just so uncomfortable and tired.  Not ONCE did I think of smoking during the stress.  My old 'i'm pissed off and have no control in fixing it' coping mechanism of smoking wasn't even thought of.

On Saturday, I went to visit my family.  They're wonderful.  Just my mom, grandma, aunt, and cousin met up with her new baby.  We all had a blast telling stories of our thanksgivings, and I just love spending time w/ my mom.  She never knew I smoked.  Usually on holidays, I'm just waiting and waiting for her to go to bed so I can step out of the house for a cig.  Not this time!  I was happy to have her stay up a lil later with me!

Sunday, I ran a 5k.  GREAT time, shaved 22 seconds off my mile pace with hardly any training!  I went home to be greeted by a friend who was house/dog sitting.  She's a smoker.  I left boyfriend with his family (he's heading to his grandma's house to go hunting this week) so normally, my friend and I would be chain smoking and talking outside. Especially with boyfriend not around to make me feel guilty for smoking (I would always cheat and smoke with this friend) Not this time!  I didn't even want one!

I am learning to deal with stress/anxiety without even fathoming using a cig as a coping mechanism.  I have lost tth craving.  I have lost that 'I'm doing something bad its so fun' childish shit I used to feel when having one.  I am becoming faster and stronger!

Not smoking improved each and every day of my holiday weekend.  Just thought you all should know!

Thanks everyone for your support.  I consider most of these to be pretty 'indirect' advantages of not smoking.  I thought they may help some of you considering to quit just how great your Christmas or new years could be without those nasty lil fuckers!