Half a Year! How I did it, and some of the really great perks!

Today, I ran a 5k in 27:13.  That is an incredible personal record-I've shed 2 minutes off my mile since I quit smoking.  I'm incredibly incredibly proud of myself.

What led up to the quit:
- I was already a runner and loved working out.  I had done two tough mudders, many 5k's, did a bootcamp multiple times a week....and I would literally love to have a cig after working out or running.  But... I was always coughing up stuff, wheezing, feeling like i couldn't breathe....the rest of my body was find, but my lungs were always so angry.  
-My boyfriend.  When we met, we were both smokers.  We had both quit two years before, but I picked it back up.  I moved into his house and I just knew he hated my smoking.  Short kisses, a slight hesitation to hug or kiss me when I got home from work, I wouldn't initiate sex unless I had just gotten out of the shower and brushed my teeth....life was full of shame.
-My doctor made it very clear I wouldn't be able to get my birth control prescription from her when I turned 30 if I was still smoking....really hit home how bad this was for me.

How I did it:
The day I quit, I was going to a family wedding.  My mother would be there and she never knew about my smoking....so I left them at home.  I didn't want to have the option of smoking and my mom catching me (I may be 29, but I still care about my mother's opinion).  By the time we got home from the wedding, I had made it 36 hours and I hadn't really even thought about smoking that whole time.  As we turned into the driveway I thought 'why not try again?'.  And so I did.

Whenever I got cravings, I had a few things I would do, depending on where I was.  If I was a work, I would go talk to the only remaining smoker and smell him, or come to this wonderful subreddit, watch youtube videos, or breath in deep for 10, hold for 10, slowly exhale for 10.  It's amazing how much easier the breathing could get in just a few days and weeks!  Sometimes, I would go talk to the smokers at work-just so I could smell how bad they smell.  If I was at home, I would talk to my boyfriend about the craving, go for a run, or smell my cigarette butt bucket outside.....that thing could make me gag, even when i had the most crazy cravings.  

Another important key was making sure those times I usually smoked (like waiting for my bus after work) weren't so long.  I still left work at the same time...but I would go to a bar near my bus stop and have a beer there until 1 minute before my bus would get to its stop.  I would have to RUN to the bus stop to make my bus, so I was never waiting around in my normal smoking spot thinking about how I missed smoking.  I also stayed away from my old smoking friends.  Friends i would just chain smoke and shoot the shit with.  I was really honest with them 'I can't hang with you right now because I'm quitting smoking and I'm taking it seriously enough that I know don't want to put myself in that position.'  Some thought that was lame and weak, but most were fine w/ it and cheered me on.  

I also would allow myself a pretty big treat every Sunday after another week of not smoking.  A whoopie pie or a slice of cheesecake or I got us lobster for dinner or whatever I was feeling.  I definitely gained weight...a good deal of weight....but in the past 2 months, I've finally started losing weight again.  (Thank god.)  I didn't let the weight bother me.  I knew smelling better for my boyfriend, having an easier time running/strength training, and not losing all that stupid time smoking was well worth it.  There is no longer this....boundary between me and my partner.  More cuddles, more kisses, more sexy time.....what a great motivator!  Don't be afraid of a lil extra fat.  That non-hesitant kiss when i got home, the not coughing every morning when I woke up, the sleeping better, the better mood...it was all worth it.

I know it was super hard the first 2ish months, but its hard to remember how awful it was now, 6 months later.  I kind of feel like I could do anything now....losing weight is such a smaller challenge than quitting smoking.  Running a 10k is such a smaller task.  Everything is a smaller challenge because I've already conquered this silly addiction.  

I don't need to have a beer after work and run to my bus stop anymore.  I don't need to whiff smokers to remind myself of how smelly it is.  I can even hang out w/ my old smoking buddies with no problem.  It's a new and brighter life....and today, on the first beautiful day of the year, on this day full of sunshine and warm weather....I just needed to share with all of you.  You can do this.  You just have to keep at it.  I quit 3 times before it stuck.  Three times of more than a week.  Each one made the last one easier.  Keep at it.  Know you can accomplish this.  I believe in you, and so do so many others here.