Wish me luck.

Every time I quit I leave the house with a lighter thinking, "Who the fuck am I kidding, I can't do this." I pocket the lighter and off to work I go, where a thousand and one smokers are chit chatting ready to bum me one if I ask.

Tomorrow I'm going in for some overtime and I'm not taking my lighter. I have one cigarette that I just bummed from a friend. I am going to smoke a bowl I have (don't plan on quitting trees, just ciggs), write in my novel for a bit, and then top it off with a cigarette, like I normally do. I will smoke that cigarette in my fancy, picturing myself as a classy old school Kerouac wannabe cigarette-smoking writer kind-of-way, and then I will throw away my ash tray. 

I will go to bed remembering the disgusting smell on my fingertips. I will remember the putrid ash taste in my mouth. I will feel the flem in my lungs from smoking so much recently. I will remember the cold that I just had to endure for no reason so that I could smoke that cigarette. I will remember the great lengths I went to obtain this single cigarette, asking a friend on FaceBook down the street, taking a walk, having a smoke, then I will remember the humiliation of asking for another right after I had one so that I could have my last one before bed, like I normally do. I will remember the times I've lit cigarettes backwards and smoked plastic on accident. I will remember how I have not worked out in the past 5 months because I smoked ciggs again, and I don't work out when I smoke, I just don't. I will remember the yellowness of my teeth, the spit shared when I share a cigg with someone else. I will remember the damage I've done to my body.

I will wake up and glorify in the fact that, tomorrow morning, I will be a non-smoker, and that every minute my body is repairing itself. I will be slowly getting rid of my cough. My teeth will become whiter. I will not stink. I will save five minutes a day times twenty ciggs in a pack which I smoke a pack a day so that's literally an additional 100 minutes a day I have now to do other things... like write. Like exercise. Like live. Like learn not how to use like so much in a sentence.

Please, I need your help, please, wish me luck.
- The Iron Ball At The End Of The Chain