Today is my 3rd day not smoking, can't believe I've made it this far.

I've tried quitting at least a hundred times in the past year alone, but this time was different. I am obsessed with the number 4, (I know, stupid), and when I failed quitting on April 1st (April Fool's Day, to remind myself that I was a fool for smoking...), I realized that 2015/04/04 was coming up. So I decided to make that my new goal to quit smoking, and I also ended up quitting on 4:44PM as well. That's a lot of 4's. Haha.

Anyways I know numbers have nothing to do with it, but having an "anchor" of sorts has helped me. Every time I want to light up I realize that 4/4, 4:44PM has passed and that I don't want to ruin those perfect OCD numbers.

Also, [this](https://medium.com/behavior-design/can-t-kick-a-bad-habit-you-re-probably-doing-it-wrong-17ecee97a2f3) article really helped, I had applied that to drinking (over two years now, yay!) but never thought to apply that to my non-smoking. I've also recently got into comic books, and bought myself an early reward for quitting; $80+ worth of comics haha. My plan was to read a few panels of my favorite comics when I want to light up; and so far, it's working. I don't know if it's the bright colors (tons of colors has been proven to make people happier, hence why I like anime, too...) or the storyline that makes me focus on not having a cigarette, maybe both, who knows, but it's working. Today at 4:44PM while I'm at work about to go on my first break, I will be 3 days free from smoking!

I still have urges and for some reason I am dreaming about food A LOT. I am blowing my nose a lot too and there is blood here and there, but I think that's from suddenly quitting and suddenly exercising again too hard (been jogging). Either way, I feel healthier than I've been in many months, and I owe it all to this sub, my amazing supportive GF, and the X-Men/Catwoman. Lol. Thanks guys! I'll keep going, and I will, as long as I think, "I *don't* smoke", not "I *can't* smoke...".