Sigh. I need some help, guys.

Okay, so I was nicotine free for 31 days, stupidly relapsed...had a few cigs, and and then decided I'm done forever. It did nothing for me past the first 5 minutes of nicotine buzz and by my second smoke I wasn't even consciously smoking. That's when I knew it was over. 

Fast forward 5 days to today. I get an email from a potential employer. I'm 95% sure I just got the job I've been trying to get for the past 3 months. Yay right!?! 

In the past month and a half, I have been busting down all these triggers and reversing brainwashing like nobody's business. 

Coffee? It's infinitely better without a smoke. 
After a meal? Nicotine interrupts digestion and causes nutrient absorption problems! Why would you want that?
In the car? Music, a can of soda, a piece of gum, whatever! I don't even crave smokes anymore when I get in the car. 

I also now know smoking does not help: anxiety, depression, relaxation, boredom, whatever. 

I remember my second week of nicotine withdrawal...and it felt so weird even being on my laptop without a smoke. I'm thinking to myself...why does smoking rolled up tobacco make the experience of surfing the web better? It doesn't!!

Anyways, point being...I've kicked this addiction's ass. . . Well, most of it. 

I'm nervous as fuck about starting this job. I'm starting to panic. The anxiety is coming on strong. I find myself mistyping things, forgetting important things, and having slight memory lapses (these aren't due to the anxiety, they've been here this whole time---my mind hasn't been performing as well as it normally does). I'm thinking to myself...they're going to fire me. I can't perform in this position without nicotine. This job is my chance to change my life and I can't not be able to concentrate. I can't be misspelling things. I can't have panic attacks like I've been having. I need this job to survive and thrive. I just don't know what to do anymore. I feel like I'm being forced back into the cage of addiction. 