Day 185 - Reset.

I've been on a roll, haven't smoked since weed since Christmas, 185 days going strong without cigarettes, five courses working ahead in all of my classes focusing on the positive BAM I get hit with a major episode of depression two days don't come out of my room. But I get through it. *I can do this without weed.* I say. I consider seeing my therapist again, slightly depressed here and there, but still pushing strong, keeping myself busy with anime and books and homework and BAM another episode a few days ago. Cigarettes isn't even on my mind at this point. I'm at 185 days, I feel great, I just want to get high. Cigarettes are the last thing on my mind.

I just can't handle it. I'm super stressed. Five courses is tough. I keep having using dreams (not weed, a hardcore drug I used to do). I keep having depressive attacks. I hate myself, call myself names. I go smoke some weed thinking, "I just don't care anymore." I instantly felt better... for five minutes.

Then the paranoia sticks in. I realize I'm this close to finishing my degree, but could screw it all up if I got caught now. I focus on being high and I'm having a good time here and there but I'm so gone I know my parents are going to know (or think they will), I start tripping. I say things I don't mean to other people, forget that a conversation is with two people (I wouldn't shut up, super hyper high), and then to top it all off I'm still completely depressed/anxious/manic at the end of the night when I'm with a friend about to go smoke some more. I get so nervous and scared and my friend asks if I want a cigg, I say no thank you, haven't smoked in 185 days, BAM, a minute later I'm asking for cigarettes. I'm smoking cigarettes feigning for another after another, I mean smoking them back to back to back. I wake up with disgusting mouth and mad at myself, but I all I want to do is smoke again. I'm already texting my friends I was with the night before, trying to find out how, I'm rushing through chores and half-assing homework and I just want to get high again I'm fiddling around my mom, I look like I haven't slept, and then finally I find a friend that will smoke me out. More awkward moments. More things I didn't mean to say. I say things differently, I notice. I buy a pack of ciggs and smoke non-stop. I mean cigarette after cigarette after cigarette. I bought my pack a few hours ago and it's already almost gone.

I'm so incredibly pissed at myself. I just wanted to get high. But for some reason when I'm high cigarettes feel like the only thing that can make me stop shaking and being paranoid. Fuckkkk.