First 3 days, this quitting attempt has been unlike all the others, and I think I know why... (meditation has made all the difference)

I used to meditate about ten minutes a day, after reading online that mostly, studies that show when meditation helps (and I did research) shows that you must at *least* do ten minutes a day for the benefits. However. I've been doing that a while, and when I found out that David Lynch meditates twice a day for twenty minutes, my brain started churning. Could an additional ten minutes a day really have an impact on my life? Turns out, at least so far, it sure does.

I'm only doing it once a day (not twice like David) but it's almost bee three days that I've quit smoking. It's weird, because I broke up with my GF, and she was *always* getting me to try to quit. Even after we broke up I smoked a pack in a day (as normal) after I had quit for two days. *The first 3 days are *always* the toughest for me, but this time, I don't even mind it.* Since I started meditating twenty minutes a day instead of ten, I've been ten times more focused in everything I do, I started caring about my health a lot more, I am *enjoying being at work*, even (I know, crazy, huh?), but most importantly I don't even think about smoking. I'm just a non-smoker, end of story. Usually I feel these benefits when I do ten minutes, too, but only for a short while afterwards... but with 20 minutes, now that I'm being consistent with it, I am feeling these benefits *all day*. 

I know meditation isn't for everyone, and that's fine, but I definitely suggest trying it out. I have literally tried to quit smoking probably at least 150 times in the past year (I hate smoking but I also fucking love it as a writer), and the common denominator on quitting (whether it's that time I made it over 30 days and then failed, or the time I failed after just an hour) was that the first 3 days were ALWAYS the hardest, because it is the time that the nicotine is still in your body and your body is trying to leave. But somehow, this time, and I think it's because I started doubling my meditation time, I've been not even caring about cigarettes... not even thinking about them. This morning and yesterday, for example, my ride to work had cigarettes and I didn't even care to have one. It felt damn good. I always smoke with this guy. Hell, this guy has seen me pick up refries out of old ashtrays at work (I know, gross). 

If I make it past a month I will post an update. *tips hat
