My quit-smoking expericence

Hi there, been smoking since I was 14 years old, One pack a Day, I stopped One month after turning 19. You would think that because i'm young and not a 30 years smoker this was much easier for me, but I don't think so. Being young, you don't have that maturity, that discipline that makes you wanna quit. Those 48 days and 3 hours of smoke-freeness are the result of a 2 years process, but, in order to be fast, i'll just tell you about how I stopped, why I did and the effect it had on my health.
It was 2 month ago, like always, I would light up my cigarette, play some LoL and go to the university, it was my routine, the thing I enjoyed the most was smoking in front of the computer, always had been my pleasure, but that time I was sick of it, tired of it, I didn't want to smoke, and I realized I hadn't enjoyed smoking for a very long time, as I just had the impression that it was a pleasure for me. I decided to quit. I needed something to motivate me, something simple, that would immediately remind of the resolution I had taken, for me, this motivation was a song by Ramones called "Commando", I don't know why it was this song, but it worked.
I decided that if I was gonna quit, I would be in the healthiest body possible, some kind of redemption for all the years that I had spent fucking up my lungs. I decided to buy Insanity (a 60 days fitness program), I didn't realize but Insanity was one of the best thing I could have possible done to help me quit smoking, as I replaced one addiction for another one, which was healthier. instead of smoking, I would put on the DVD each day and do my 30 minuts workout. 48 Days later Im on month 2 of Insanity, smoke-free and quite sure im done with this shitty cancer-candy !
The early insanity days were hard, I almost couldn't breathe, the first 2 days I almost fainted at both workouts, and that made me realize how fucked up I was physically and mentally for a 19 years old, but don't worry, It got better over time, and now I can climb the stair without having to catch my breath for 5 minuts ! 
To conclude, If you want to stop smoking, I advise you to take a fitness program, or just to pick up a physical activity (running, swimming) as it will clear your mind and, most of all, accelerate the process of lung healing. Oh, and.. eat healthy too, you will notice that after the first month you will eat double as you were when you were smoking !
If you have any questions, just ask me, have a nice afternoon, cheers !


Edit.1: Oh and, now i'm trying to stop masturbating, it sounds fucking retarded, but after clearing the body, I wanna clear the mind ! For more question about that, go to : reddit.com/r/NoFap 
Edit.2 : Like I said, if you don't get the NoFap, just go check the subreddit, give these guys a chance, you'll say what they say is not that much of a bullshit afterall ! ;)

