Here is my story

Hi fellow Redditors

I am a smoker since i started high school 13 years ago. For the most part of it, i smoked 10 cigs a day. Couple of times a month it goes up to 20 a day when drinking is involved.
Last year i tried e cigs but it didn’t work out for me so i switched back to tobacco.
I have never been a “first thing in the morning smoker” but i always enjoyed my ciggies so much after meals and during coffee breaks. Not even saying how much i like it when out on sesh, drinking :) i never even tried quitting. I always said i like smoking and might consider quitting in the future..

The problem is my lung capacity must have been decreased very badly i struggle to catch my breath even after 2 floors stairs. It really annoys me and i cant imagine how bad it will get when i am in my 30s or 40s...
3 months ago i started boxing classes in my gym and that was another time to realise how much it sucks to run out of your breath so quick. I think it really hinders my endurance and performance even though i am in a fairly good shape and condition thanks to casual fitness.
Apart from these visible effects, i just want to stay healthy in general. I always envied people running in the mornings but i never bothered doing that thinking i am ruining its benefits by smoking anyway..

 I finally decided to quit yesterday. it has been 32hours since i stubbed out my last cigarette and decided to quit cold turkey. I had my last one on the airport just before i travel to visit my parents in a different country. I was already planning to quit lately and i thought it would be easier to have withdrawal pain while i am feeling cozy, happy and surrounded by food at my parents. To be fair, nicotine withdrawal did not hurt much so far but i know it will peak on day3. I will try to embrace the cravings and just wait them pass. Hope it gets easier by time but i know it is gonna be hard journey.

I just wanted to share my story and wish you guys good luck on quitting.

Sorry for the bad English, i am not a native speaker.


Stay strong buddies.


