110 days - status update

Quit 20.1.2014, not smoked over 2200 cigarettes and "saved" over 400€. 

So, I just want to share details from my non-smoking life a little after a while, cause I remember how much reading those helped during my first steps. 110, unimaginable only a couple months ago, now seems easy. That's not to say that everything is always fancy-dandy, just that smoking has now somehow became something distant&irrelevant for me. Days pass, I meet smokers, hang out with them and sometimes hardly even notice that they smoke. If I do notice, it is mostly due to smell. Tobacco now stinks a little and smelling stale cigarettes is a real turn-off. Last thing similar to real craving happened weeks ago and even then relapse was simply not an option. I feel like I'm getting indifferent to tobacco. It is becoming a distant memory of a habit I used to do for long 17 years. I realize that I still need to be careful and tough on myself from time to time and that I must never forget how short the way back is, but I know that if current state lasts, I won't be a smoker ever again. And that's simply great. To all who are still in that sucky-shitty first phase, I didn't quite believe it when I was there, but hang on, **it gets unbelievably better.**

In the process I kicked myself in the butt many times, learned a lot about myself and found out the strengths of my determination&willpower. A win-win. :) 

The timetable that got me here was like this:
1st week was quite OK. Was using e-cig and feeling like a champ to finally do what I was trying to do for years. 2nd week was pure shit. Kicked e-cig, had first true withdrawal symptoms. I was sad, angry, depressed, almost caved in numerous times and could not stop thinking about cigarettes. Somehow I had enough strength to not relapse, but I wouldn't bet on me that I could do it again. Shitty crappy deppressed days I never ever want to experience again. The only victory was one non-smoking beer with my friends. Then at the end of third week I finally felt like I'm getting better. First time I felt like I'm finally winning - a big reward! Around 1 month I think I had my first day where I didn't think about smoking for one full day. But around that time I had a new battle - I smoked a couple of joints during first month, but each time I felt really bad afterwards. I was infrequent marijuana smoker (3-4/month) and I didn't know if I smoke joints due to my nicotine addicition or because I want to get high. So, I decided to stop smoking joints for at least a month and see what'll happen. Due to this I probably had some more craves than necessarry during my second month, but now I feel that I don't connect joints with tobacco anymore. Smoked a couple (<5) since, but only took a couple small puffs, since tobacco really stinks and I found out I really don't even stand it anymore. Around 80 days into I had my last  true event I could call a craving. Due to problems&stress on job (a HUGE trigger in the past) I thought about a smoke. I stopped a little, tried to imagine if that would help and decided it wouldn't unless I first get addicted again. Heh. Now for the last 20 days I somehow don't even notice cigarettes anymore, or so I think. 

TL;DR: Same old :)