Online survey for a dissertation on the potential application of psychedelics in treating addiction.

Hello all, I’m currently doing my MSc in Psychology at Leeds Beckett University in the United Kingdom. For my dissertation project I aim to explore some of the psychological factors that may play a role in mediating the relationship between psychedelics use and ability to quit smoking.

To assess this, I’ve made an online survey that contains questions on psychedelic use, smoking habits, general demographic questions, and three questionnaires that assess personality, impulsivity, and spiritual connectedness. The survey will not involve the administration of any substances.

If this sounds interesting and is something you’d like to participate in, please follow the link below to see if you are eligible for the survey.

Briefly, I’m looking for people that fall into 5 groups:

1. Psychedelic users who currently smoke cigarettes but endorse wanting to quit or reduce their nicotine intake

2. Psychedelic users who have quit smoking and attribute their ability to achieve this to a significant experience with psychedelic drugs.

3. Current cigarette smokers with no history of psychedelic use

4. Ex-smokers with no history of psychedelic use

5. Non-smokers and non-psychedelic users

**Survey link:** https://leedsbeckettpsych.eu.qualtrics.com/jfe/form/SV_aWa5YZYCvuWMeGN

If you know of anyone who may fit the criteria and may also want to participate, please let them know about this survey.

To be clear, should you participate, your information will not be used to identify you or used for any purpose other than data analysis and writing a dissertation. The survey is completely anonymous.

Given this is a community designed to help people quit smoking, **I want to stress that current findings are not conclusive, and the taking of hallucinogens is not recommended if the motivation behind it is to quit smoking.** If this post is not appropriate for this sub, please let me or the mods know so that it can be taken down.

If you have no desire to participate but want to learn more, here’s an article for you to read https://www.psychologytoday.com/us/articles/201705/radical-new-approach-beating-addiction

Should you have any questions about the study or your eligibility, either post them here or send me a message and I’ll answer them to the best of my ability.

Thank you, and best wishes to you all
