I can be part of the rock & roll scene and not smoke, RIGHT?

Hiiiii fellow reddit users. Let me give you a little background about myself. Raised by my grandparents (in Port Arthur, TX)... I was forced to become very independent at an early age. No complaints there besides making unquestionably bad decisions before the age of 21. Moved off with a few friends to Poultney, Vermont after spending a year bullshitting around back home. Spent a year at Green Mountain College and buried myself in to more college debt than I am willing to admit. My college experience ended quickly and I moved back home and stayed with my grandma until I worked enough to afford my own place. 

:::fast forward to present day:::

I am 25 now and living in Beaumont, TX currently. Oh, and for those of you that don't know... Jefferson County (in which I live) is home to numerous huge refineries that process 900,000 barrels of crude oil a day, and is also the proposed end destination for the Keystone XL pipeline. What a joy, right? This place is dirty. The people are dirty. <---- that I do enjoy

Anyway, I picked up smoking after I moved back to Texas. The most awful part about it is that I am singer. A damn good one too. I also have Systemic Lupus/Rheumatoid Arthritis/Sjogrens Disease. 

Every single person around me smokes... and don't tell me to make new friends because well... that's just stupid. All of these people are damn fine people but we live in a shitty, polluted area soooo if we are all dying of cancer anyway.... why not suck down a cancer stick too and speed up the process? I know, I know... what a terrible outlook.

As far as my health is concerned... I am a FREAK about food. I eat mostly organic and am on an Autoimmune Paleo diet. It's really been a lifestyle change... a wonderful one I might add. I was able to get off a couple of pharmaceuticals (fuck big pharm) and solve a lot of my issues with nutrition alone. Anyway.... I still smoke. I don't waste money on buying packs when I can just bum them off my roommates--especially since they don't care. I might smoke 6/7 in a day... definitely more if I am performing somewhere that night. It may not be much... but damnit, I have three autoimmune disorders (20 years has already been taken away from me haha) and if I quit eating sugar, gluten, dairy, legumes, and nightshade veggies.... SURELY I can quit smoking???? (cigarettes only) ::::Marijuana is the love to my arthritis:::: <---- i mostly eat edibles anyway

I am moving to Austin in about 6 or 7 months to finally pursue some kind of singing career (and also to be within close proximity of friends) but I want to be free of nicotine by then. Today is my first day without smokes. Any tips you fine folks have for me? 

Spank youuuuu (in advance)

UPDATE: 3/11/2015

Just wanted to say that I have been cigarette free since my last post. Honestly, I am realizing now that my smoking habits were mostly due to being on Tramadol. Being on any painkiller always made me feel like chain smoking. Weening myself off the tramadol was incredibly difficult but I am so glad I stuck to it. I am quickly learning that I may have some discipline after all. I am off ALL medication now and have no desire to suck down any cancer sticks. When I am surrounded by hundreds of peers smoking at shows... I just walk away. I smell so much better too!

Thanks for the tips!




