Quitting while on Adderall?

I'm 24 and take Adderall for my ADHD. I started taking the medication again around three years ago. Before then I had had a smoke socially very rarely, and had never really had any desire to start or buy cigarettes or anything. However my first social smoke while taking my medication was intense, and I was INSTANTLY addicted to it.

Recently I got a job (and I also go to College) so I don't really go a single day without taking my adderall now, as I'm generally more productive (and really, besides the smoking, I eat healthier and get out a bit more) and frankly if I don't take it, I get lazy and get weeks behind on school work since I'll manage my time poorly without it (play video games or hang out with friends when I really shouldn't be).

When I'm not on my adderall, cigarette cravings are a small nuisance and many times I've gone weeks without a cigarette (mostly when I didn't have class and didn't have a reason to take my medicine, generally don't go to summer semesters, or in the weeks between semesters when there's no class) but as soon as I take my adderall, it's the most intense craving I've ever felt and I start smoking again that day.

Basically I don't really think cold turkey is an option for me, the craving is much too strong while on my medicine, and not taking my medicine isn't an option either. I bought an e-cig the other day to try to start to wean myself off of nicotine, but I guess I got one that had too little in it (was 15%) and I wound up buying a pack again the next day because I couldn't take it anymore since the e-cig was doing nothing for me. I suppose if anyone knows what I'm looking for % wise that would be a help in that regard.

If anyone has had a similar experience, or has any experience trying to quit while on adderall, please throw some advice my direction.

Changing my medication isn't really an option, it may sound weird, but finding the right medication for a person for ADHD can be a pain in the ass, and adderall works for me, I just ruined it with the smoking shit.

Edit- Was wrong apparently, it says 24mg of Nicotine, but it literally never did a single thing for me, it was one of those Blu disposable ones, which I know you wouldn't normally use that if you're serious about e-cigs or whatever, but just wanted to see how it was. Maybe I got unlucky and it was bad or something, I dunno. But it didn't help cravings one bit.