I haven't had a cigarette in over 72 hours. A rundown on my experience with e-cigs.

Now, let me begin by saying that the best method for your health is to quit smoking entirely. I've found it very hard to turn away from cigarettes and not go back. So I've decided to go for other methods. So far my best success has been e cigs. 

I picked up an analog and absolutely hated it at first. I smoked my cigarettes in between because I had a very strong urge to smoke actual cigarettes. I decided to love the analog despite the difference because I would much rather inhale liquid nicotine than the carcinogens and multitude of toxins found in cigarettes. 

Day 1 - I felt like I hadn't had any nicotine all day. Despite chugging at the ecig I was having huge cravings for my cigarettes. 
As the day went on I started to get a bad headache, stomach ache, and felt like I did when I quit smoking cigarettes. I couldn't focus at all. The day was a blur. I was hacking and coughing all day. On top of that I had an insatiable hunger that had me raiding the pantry all day. I was beginning to think ecigs will not be better than going cold turkey in terms of symptoms. 
I fell asleep at 2 am (normal bedtime is around 9-10) and woke up around 2 pm (usually wake up around 5 am. 

Day 2 - thought about cigarettes less. I could breath so much better but I was still coughing up phlegm. I still craved junk food to no end. But I could smell everything. I stepped outside to smell my mom smoking and I couldn't tolerate the stink. The headaches were still there, and the stomach aches were there but started to calm down. Did some research to find out that this was withdrawals from the many thousands of additive chemicals found in cigarettes. But the ecig started to sound a lot better than a cigarette, which meant I was changing mentally. Slept like a baby but still slept in late. I lost my ecig charger at around 7 pm. My mom offered me a cigarette and I declined. Didn't have my ecig until the next morning, but surprisingly, I didn't find myself running to my mom for a cigarette later that night. This was probably the first big achievement. 

Day 3 - I feel amazing. I still have a nicotine dependency but I have not had long lasting headaches. I can smell the pine trees again, and I've discovered that my clothes smell absolutely horrible from the cigarettes. It's kind of embarrassing. But overall, I haven't had one single cigarette craving. Appetite has returned to normal to an extent. I can focus better. I have much more energy. I've even noticed that my anxiety has gone way down, which could be life changing. My pulse feels better, and in general I'm already feeling happier. 


The changes hit me quick. As they say those first 3 days are very important. I thought that wouldn't apply to me by switching to ecigs, but so far it has. I went on a walk just to smell the trees, and it was amazing. I could walk without getting winded in a minute. I still have a long ways to go. I intend to ditch the nicotine over the next month to 2 months. But this is a start, and so far I'm very glad I made the switch. 

The fight isn't over yet, but I will never turn to cigarettes again. I feel too damn good already to run back to them. 

For those of you who have considered replacements for nicotine, but haven't gone through, give it a thought. Nicotine is bad for you. But no matter how you cut it, it beats cigarettes. And so far, in my own experience, it's getting me out of that "I need a cigarette now" mindset. 