The only secession product that has worked for me (recommendation)

10 year smoker here. I just eclipsed 30 days, 33 actually. I quit in the past cold turkey twice, once for 15 days and once for about 30. Both times I relapsed.

I now have young kids, my house is constant chaos of spills, screams, and nursery rhymes. I knew I had to really quit but I just couldn't cold turkey without getting cps called to my house. I'm a pretty patient guy, but you know how the nic fix is.

A long time ago I read something about quitting cold turkey and how it was the only true successful method. It messed with my head. I tried everything over the years (patch, gum, lozenge) and never went more than a few days. I hated the taste of gum, the patch messed with my skin and sleep, and the lozenges were huge and disgusting.

Finally, I was recommended the nicorette mini lozenge. Game changer. This might sound like a plug or endorsement but I promise I'm not affiliated. These things taste fine, pretty much like a tic tac. They cease the cravings pretty much instantly. Combined with exercise, I've been able to pretty easily beat every craving. At this point I don't even think about cigarettes. I went from 8-9 lozenges a day to about 4-5  now. Sometimes less. 

It's also worth noting that I recently began working in an office environment  (previously all blue collar where many people smoked) and I hated coming back in knowing everyone could smell it. So I had extra motivation.

I used to worry that nicotine replacement would just replace the addiction and it would be pointless, but that's just fucking stupid to me now. If I have to use these for another 3, 6, 9 or even 12 months or hell, forever, I'll still save tons of money and be a non smoker. I do, however, believe I will be able to wean off these in the coming months but I'm not rushing it.

Good luck to fellow quitters. It's possible, believe me. And don't be like me and be skeptical of nicotine replacement. I simply can not do a cold turkey quit at this time in my life but I can still quit.