How I quit (long)

I decided to post my story about how I quit, just because I feel it might be helpful to hear how others did it.

I started smoking at the age of 14 already, smoked until I was 20. In my worst days I smoked a pack a day towards the end I managed to reduce it to about 10 a day, more on the weekends though.

I had my last smoke on New years Eve. I didn't even try to quit, I just had a tonsil infection and smoking was anything but enjoyable.
A week later I had recovered mostly, but it just seemed like it's a good idea to stop now when I'm already past the initial days.

I really wanted it to work this time, so I tried to avoid my triggers, for me that included coffee, alcohol, and just anything related to smoking. I even unsubbed from this subreddit, and didn't tell anyone I quit so that nobody would bring it up. I drank alcohol at the end of week 2 but almost smoked then, so you should probably avoid it longer.  
Aside from that I tried to distract myself. I kept busy and filled waiting periods with phone games and eating(mostly cucumber and carrot).

I also kept a pack of cigarette hidden in my house, where I wouldn't randomly see it. I think it took a bit of this anxiety of being without smokes but by hiding it, it wouldn't serve as a reminder. Allthough I think it helped me, I wouldn't necessarily recommend it.

My plan was also that if I relapse, I will try to quit immideatly after the first cigarette.

In the end what really did it was my conviction. All the previous things surely helped, but my determination this time was greater than ever. A tonsil infection might make it easier for a few days, but in the end you just need to be in the right mindset.

You need to really get into your head what smoking does to you. You constantly smell, your teeth yellow, your lungs are full of tar, you get stressed when you can't get your nicotine, you're spending a lot of money on it, your blood vessels narrow, increasing the risk of heart-attacks and losing limbs, your cancer risk increases. There are so many good reason to stop and exactly none to keep smoking. I think lurking this subreddit before my final attempt has helped me really get that into my head.

Now I'm 16 months smoke free, I seldomly get mild cravings and when I do it's easy to ignore them. I feel all around healthier and my life has been improving in other areas since then. Work, family, friends, love, and on top of that I have more money. At the moment I couldn't be happier.