11 months ago I posted that my Mom had been diagnosed with COPD from smoking. On Nov 13 she passed away from it.

I don't know how to link my original post, but I don't submit often so shouldn't be hard to find for those who are interested.

My apologies for the long post lol.

Anyway, it's been about 2 years since my mom got diagnosed with COPD. She was a lifelong smoker, and never stopped smoking until about a week before she passed, and died at 62 years old.

The first year wasn't as horrible, looking back. She was doing PT &amp; trying to stay active. I visited as often as I could, about once a week or two (more often as time went on). 

But about a year ago it's like she gave up. In the beginning of 2017 she started having major flare ups (panic, trouble breathing, sleeping all the time) and because of her low lung function (approx 10-14% function at last testing over summer) she could not expell Co2 when she exhaled. This resulted in her being admitted to the ER/ICU about every 3-4 weeks, depending. This was so they could hook her to the bipap machine (sort of like a CPAP machine) which basically forces air in and suctioned when she exhaled to remove the Co2. But she still smoked.

She stopped eating any type of proper meals about 6 months ago. The act of chewing depleted all the oxygen in her blood &amp; left her exhausted. I had to hire people to come in and help around the house, and had Senior Services help out as well. She lived off the cases of Boost I would bring her. She stopped bathing or any type of personal hygiene maintenance around this time as well. But even as much as I'd try to help, I'm finding out now from her roommate that there was alot she didn't tell me or want me to know about how bad she was feeling. This is around when she started sleeping close to 16-18 hrs a day. Because she'd become so inactive, she had almost no muscle tone left and had to use a walker because she started falling quite often. She probably fell down about a dozen times this year, just while trying to walk around the house. Most of these I didn't find out about until a few weeks ago. I was watching her waste away &amp; there was nothing I could do to help. She began sleeping on the couch permanently, and her only activity was walking to the bathroom or into the kitchen.

The last 6 weeks before she passed were definitely nerve wracking. She couldn't have been eating more than a couple hundred calories per day. Barely drinking anything. But still smoking (or trying to) about half a pack a day.  I went to visit one day, she collapsed walking back from the bathroom, and ended up breaking a bone in the top of her right foot. Her legs just gave out because she had no muscles &amp; not eating. She was becoming increasingly disoriented &amp; hallucinating because of the Co2 build up (the average person has a Co2 lvl of 30-40%, her base line was 90%). This is like having a tiny gas leak in your house, but only opening the windows once every couple weeks to get fresh air). 

About a week and a half before she died her roommate called me saying something was wrong. I went over, she was clearly disoriented &amp; now hallucinating. She threw the remote down the hall "at the men", and was talking to people who weren't there. So, back to ER we go. After 3 days on the bipap machine her stats hadn't recovered really &amp; she was still hallucinating. Her lungs no longer functioned enough to sustain life. This is when the doctors tell me it's either time for hospice or to do a tracheotomy &amp; hook her to a ventilator to breathe for her (which was against her wishes). The doctors explained this to her 3-4 times, and I also had to keep explaining to her that she wasn't going home. Only during one of those conversations did she become lucid enough to understand what was going on, and that she couldn't go home. I almost think she sank into her hallucinations after that, so she wouldn't have to deal with it. 

7 days before she passed away she was admitted to a hospice facility. She was only awake the first day and a half she was there (I say awake, but really could only talk to her a couple minutes before she started talking to the invisible people in the room), then never really woke up again &amp; stopped eating/drinking. They kept the oxygen on, but all preventative medicines stop. She got pain medicine &amp; heavy duty anxiety medication through a port, to keep her as comfortable as possible. After day 3, the only response we'd get was hand squeezing &amp; maybe 10-30 seconds of her opening her eyes. Days 4-6 she was completely unresponsive, except for extremely shallow breathing &amp; facial expressions when we'd talk to her). We did her last rites &amp; prayers, and she passed away a few hours later.

I lived at the hospice that week. I saw it all. I watched her life slip away because she refused to stop smoking. I watched her go from being awake to wondering if she was  going to open her eyes again, and then to knowing she wouldn't. I cried more than I thought possible, probably more than I have ever before. 

The doctors told her 2 years ago if she quit smoking and did PT she could build up her lung function &amp; easily live 5-10 years. But she didn't, so she only made it two. 

She was only 62. She only lived 7 years longer than her own mother. I'm 33 &amp; now the reality that my mom isn't going to be around for (most likely) a majority of my life is setting in. She's going to miss out on so much of mine and my sister's lives. 

All because she wouldn't just stop smoking.

Thanks for letting me vent &amp; taking the time to read this. I just needed to get it out, wasn't planning on writing a novel lol.