You CAN quit. Don't do this to your family

My mother is 61 and been a life long smoker. Last year she was diagnosed with Stage 4 COPD. This is often known as the final stage, or end stage, COPD.  After several rounds of breathing tests, we were told that she had approximately 15% lung function left and was put on oxygen. They recommended a lung transplant, or even some kind of surgery where they just remove the dead parts of her lungs. She declined to do either and she continues to smoke and is inactive.

We went back for follow up testing last month.  In the 9 months since her initial diagnosis her lung function has fallen, and she now tests between 10-12% lung function. The doctor's have instructed her to get me POA, and her affairs in orders. They've warned her that her lung function is so low that she is at extreme risk for slipping into a coma due to lack of oxygen, especially if were to get any kind of upper respiratory infection, bronchitis, etc. She continues to smoke.

For Christmas Eve my partner and I took mom out for dinner and to stay the night at our house.  That required 3 portable air tanks, and her air machine that plugs into the wall.

In the 200-300 feet from the car to the restaurant door we had to stop 4 times so she could catch her breath. As soon as we got inside we had to get her a chair because she was out of breath and starting to panic. You could see on her face that she was struggling so hard but could not catch her breath. She had to sit for 5 minutes before we could go to our table. After we were seated it took about 15 minutes before it seemed like she was calmed down and breathing easier and could enjoy herself a little. 

This is like a slow torture for me. I haven't always been close with my mom, but that doesn't make it any easier to realize that I'm watching her literally suffocate to death. Walking from the living to the bathroom winds her.  She's constantly puffing on inhalers. But she continues to smoke.

I unfortunately predict that I will be having a funeral for her sometime in 2017.

Please quit smoking.  Don't do this to your loved ones.