I just stumbled across this little satirical article about the benefits of smoking in Germany.

This is my own translation:

"Smoking serves the Fatherland

The federal government has raised the tobacco tax, in order to relieve the industry of the eco-tax. Expenditures on micro-chimneys are thus being raised in favor of their large-scale counterparts. The Fatherland is becoming more and more dependent on the productivity of its smokers, whose financial contributions are already powering our nation's War on Terror and health insurance. Now they also bear responsibility for the competitiveness of German steel mills. For a long time now, most smokers have only been keeping up their tireless efforts out of their deep sense of patriotic duty, overcoming their disgust day after day, so as not to jeopardize jobs or the ammunition supplies to Afghanistan.

However, many smokers have reached their breaking point and cannot continue to bear their burden any longer, their sense of patriotic duty being the only thing that keeps many of them smoking. This excess strain on the smoker's conscience leads to more frequent incidents of high blood pressure, lung cancer, yellowing fingernails and, all-told, over 100.000 stress-induced deaths per year. Those affected require a stable environment, which reduces their anxiety at bearing the brunt of the responsibility and guilt, whenever a theater or swimming pool is lost to insufficient public funds.

Solutions for this problem need to be introduced soon. For example, Germany might be forced to recruit highly-qualified smokers from foreign countries to make up for the profits lost with the dwindling number of smokers. A novel method of training sleeper smokers, who buy, but do not smoke cigarettes, has also been suggested as a promising alternative solution to outright quitting for many burned out smokers, so they can continue to serve our nation's treasury."

While written from a specifically German perspective, I'm sure the incentive of paying less taxes might stop a lot of people from buying their "failure pack." In Germany and elsewhere.