Quitting is a process

So, here's the story if how I quit. I hope it's finished, if you know what I mean..

I have smoked a total of 6 years. Been off it for 9 months and started smoking again after that, because a) I thought one couldn't hurt and b) I got introduced to smoking hasj, which is great stuff. But after a while I figured half of the time I didn't want to get stoned, I just wanted the nicotine. The "reason" I got hooked again was because I was feeling depressed and smoking "helped".

A year went by. I have a disease and smoking makes it worse. I don't like being addicted. I missed being calmer, smelling better, enjoying food and other stuff more. When I smoke, it just feels like everything revolves around smoking. I hate it. I just want to enjoy the moment, not think about stepping outside for a break.

So I wanted to quit, but I was afraid my depression would come back. So I started vaping, which just made me obsessed with cigarettes (I allowed myself 4 real cigs, then 3, etc). One day I just had enough, so I just quit. Read Alan Carr, got super motivated. Quit right after reading it (Got this herbal tea stuff to smoke hasj with).

I loved it. Absolutely loved it. I get this kick out of not smoking, the world is great again. I don't feel guilty anymore, my body feels way better, I'm more in the moment. Withdrawal isn't that bad. Except for in the evening. Then it was horrible, I didn't know how to relax anymore. Should've just toughed it out but..

After I think 2 or 3 days, I was with my bf (only smokes hasj) and rolled one. As soon as I started rolling, the craving was gone. Proof it was PURELY psychological.

After that, I fell off the wagon. Thought, well, I'll just smoke one in the evening. But one became two, and then I had a bad day, and then I just smoked full time again. After a few weeks I was a smoker again.

But that only lasted for a few days, because I still wanted to quit. I just knew I was an all or nothing person. I can't smoke one. I smoke one, i'm definitely going to smoke two. And three, etc.

I quit again 2 days ago and I know I can't ever smoke again, because I will get addicted again. Quitting is easy, staying quit.. not so much. But it's a process, and I'm confident I can make it. I've learned from the past.

Btw, I'm not trying to bash on vaping. If it works, it works. Just didn't for me.

Good luck everybody. And if you fall of the wagon, don't think you failed. And DON'T think "well I've already smoked one, might as well smoke two." If there's one thing I've learned it's this: smoking is a choice. The more choices, the harder it gets. If you keep arguing with yourself over one or two a day, you just make it harder and harder. Instead, make one choice: not to smoke, ever. It's way easier than smoking one or two. Trust me.