Why I smoke: escapism and procrastination

 I've quit many times, sometimes for months at a time. I felt better and more at peace when I was rid of the cigs, but also started smoking again as soon as things got rough. Now I'm ready to quit again but I feel the need to explore the reason I smoke, in order to do it and to stay quit. Maybe it can help you guys get some insight, too. I think smoking for me is a way to escape reality and to procrastinate on life.   


I'm gonna do something, but I'll smoke first, because it feels like I'll be more “ready” to do it then. I want to exercise, but why bother, I'll wait till after I've quit, I'm not fit now anyway.   


In social situations, I often feel uneasy or stressed. If I go outside to smoke, I can escape the situation for a while and “regroup”. If we're all outside, I light a cig to distract me, take the edge off of it. But I often feel the need to light a cigarette even when I already have a lit cigarette in my hand. So the cig doesn't help.   


I feel like I can't handle “big” emotions without cigarettes. And it is true that when I'm a non-smoker, I “crash” more easily. When I feel panicked, or angry, or sad, it really helps to light a cigarette. It helps me shift my view, helps me get unstuck from the circling thoughts in my head, just because I'm doing something besides thinking. When I don't smoke, I just think and think and get more and more stuck.   


And I can't do anything but think, because these emotions feel so urgent that I convince myself I can't distract myself from them. I'm not allowed. But I'm allowed to smoke, so in my mind, smoking helps.   


In the few moments I do allow myself to shift my focus to something else, I find that it can, in fact, make things better. The emotion gets smaller, and I'm able to really look at it without getting stuck. So smoking isn't really what's helping, it's the shift in focus that helps.   


Smoking is easy. It lets you procrastinate a little longer. It's something to do with your hands to take the edge off things, or an excuse to excuse yourself for a moment. It's something to shift your focus so you don't get stuck.   


For all these things, cigarettes are replaceable. It's just more difficult to replace them, than to continue smoking and have a crutch with you at all times.   


So, I guess, that's why I smoke. I hope knowing this will make quitting a little easier.