Fidgeting helped me tremendously

So I have had many attempts and many fails, for many reasons. Now I succeeded and I know I'll keep it up this time, and I want to tell you how, I really hope this helps for you as well!!

This may sound familiar to many of you: I need something in my hands.

Especially while I'm talking with someone. I used to chainsmoke when I was outside with someone, I couldn't bear just BEING somewhere and not doing anything. When going swimming at a lake I would drink alcohol just so I wouldn't smoke so much. Or coke, or I'd eat. At parties I would always have a glass of alcohol in my hands, I'd go nuts without. 

When I went to the movies I would take lollipops with me, because I'd go crazy without a smoke for so long. 

When I was on the bus I'd get super hyped up when the bus wasn't moving. 

I have been a fidgeter all my life. I'd fidget with my pyjama sleeves, mostly. Or other sleeves. It kept me calm. But fidgeting with sleeves isn't good for your clothes and it's hard to find something "satisfying" to fidget with.

My friend gave me a fidget cube and I also have a fidget pad, both really great stuff for long conversations, classes and movies. But I didn't find them calming enough. They are great for concentration though. 

Now I invented something which helps REALLY well: a piece of shoelace (a hollow one)  that I turned into a bracelet. A large bead keeps it in place and you can move it around so you can take the bracelet off whenever you feel like fidgeting with it. It's also great to put little beads inside and move them around. My favourite one has a small rubber band on it which is great also. 

This thing really calms me down. I used to overeat or drink a lot of tea or coke or alcohol to help with the cravings when I quit. I do that way, way less now. I just fidget. I have been cigarette free for a few weeks now and patch free for almost 2 weeks. Hardly any cravings. 

Just wanted to let you know, hope it helps. I'll post a link to an image if I ever figure out how. If anyone could tell me that'd be great!

**tl;dr: I invented a fidget bracelet which has helped me quit smoking**