(UPDATE) 29f and just quit - I could really use some advice – am feeling fairly ... hopeless ...

[Link to original](https://www.reddit.com/r/stopsmoking/comments/3q3285/29f_and_just_quit_i_could_really_use_some_advice/)

Hi all. I just wanted to say how incredibly thankful I was for all your replies to my post on Saturday. Your success stories made me feel calmer and see that this awful feeling is just a temporary step.

For anyone with OCD/ADHD, you'll know that tiny, tiny, tiny things become HUGE issues in your mind. So when there's something "big", it feels catastrophic.

Last night, it occurred to me the main thought going through my mind was "this will never end. For the rest of my days I'll think about nothing but not being able to smoke". 

Then I thought about other things I felt the exact same way about – getting dumped and feeling like going through life without this person was going to be torture non-stop, that I'd never have a good moment because he was no longer there. I got over this.Multiple times. 

More OCD related (welcome to our world, guys): getting a minor scar, and then convincing myself that I'd forever feel ugly and gross, and I'd never be able to show my face without being ashamed. I got over all these things. And while it wasn't easy, it was absolutely necessary.

One thing I have hopes might one day take up residence in my thick skull is something Allen Carr brought up: namely, cigarettes are not treats. They do not "feel good" and I never enjoyed them. I enjoyed the feeling of relief I got when I fed my physical addiction to nicotine. Thinking back, I know this to be true. I didn't feel calmer when I was smoking. The smoking (nicotine) caused the tension I was feeling the first place!!!! Every time I put out a cigarette, tension was building. Unless I chain-smoked, there was this empty feeling! Why not just put out the empty feeling!!!

Unfortunately, this is hard to CONSTANTLY remind myself of.

I feel annoyed that I somehow did not manage to "happily quit" with the book. So many people seem to have success with it. Can anyone relate?'

Anyways, thanks again for your encouragement. Also, you've restored my faith in the internet.
