Three Months in: Quitting Smoking Didn’t Kill Me, and it Won’t Kill You

You guys gave me such comfort and support when I first started my quitting journey, I thought I’d pipe up, and hopefully give new quitters a hopeful look at the future! I’m only three months in and hardly as experienced/certain as the honorable veterans of the sub, but here goes.

Things that happened to me/things I’ve realised since I quit

1. We are told early on that smoking is some kind of personality flaw we have. We are weak and immoral, and smoke because we can’t get our shit together. Early on, I realised this was never the case. I was, without frill or pretence, addicted to nicotine! I needed nicotine to feel okay. Nicotine is a drug. Even your most holier-than-thou friend is not immune to a physical addiction to a drug. It is a scientifically proven fact that nicotine is addictive! I was not some evil, spineless person. I was addicted to a drug.

2. I got help. Get help! Hours in I called my country’s hotline for smoking cessation. I have never ever done such a thing in my life. And guess what? It was super comforting. The lady on the phone didn’t tell me much I hadn’t heard before, but it felt nice to hear “WOW congrats for taking that step, it only gets better, call me anytime you need a little support”. I also talked it over with my therapist who hypnotised me. I (probably like most people) assumed being a smart person I’d never we susceptible to it, but it was amazing, and while it didn’t “cure” me, it gave me a rosier outlook on the whole process.

3. People who quite smoking often say, oh I love having quit because: I don’t smell anymore, I don’t spend as much money, I have a lot of health benefits. That’s all true, but for me, I don’t really think about those things. What makes me relieved is simply: not having to smoke. I can go about my life without having to break every hour for a cigarette. I don’t have to constantly worry whether I have enough cigarettes left. I can have a multi course dinner without constantly looking for opportunities to sneak out for a smoke.

4. Life goes on. I gained weight. I went through a gut wrenching month that nearly cost me my sanity. Sometimes I genuinely think I’d commit a crime to get a single drag. But I’ve also gotten engaged, gotten further in my career, and had an awesome vacation. Life is life. Smoking or not smoking doesn’t change that. It’s immaterial in the great scheme of things!
