DAY 5: Diary of an ex-smoker (updates on the hour)

8:00 am Woke up. Had a fantastic sleep. Boyfriend is sound asleep- Think to self: he is so handsome. I'm so lucky to ... shit, today is just another day I'm not allowed to smoke. Glance forlornly at the window sill where I enjoyed many a smoke. Correct self. Did not enjoy smokes. I enjoyed giving myself reprieve from nicotine withdrawal.

8:30 Walk to the metro station. Am nervous and jumpy. Want to smoke. I don't have cravings, my life has turned into one giant craving. Stop at supermarket. Buy pack of candy gums. Miserably eat said gums.

9:00 Arrive at work. Want to enjoy coffee and have a smoke before I tackle my inbox. Draft an angry letter at some poor schmuck in New Delhi. Realize he can't help it if I feel like shit. Redraft the letter in a more forgiving tone.

10:00 Want to smoke (duh). Boss gives me assignment: write ca 5,000 words on mundane topic I know nothing about. By Monday. Have feeling there is NO WAY I can write anything that remotely sounds good in this state. Remind myself: cigarettes were not some mystical source of power that made me good at my job. Still speculate I won't be able to do it.

10:30 Spill coke zero all over my desk, phone, computer. Secretly hope my computer breaks so I don't have to work while they set me up with a new one. Still haven't started writing.

10:31 FIRST good feeling since I quit 5 days ago! A colleague asked me to go have a smoke with her, and I got to tell her I don't smoke anymore! Felt good for 20 seconds. Then stared after her feeling sad and jealous.

12:32 Had a gyro. Still want a cigarette. Have to join meeting in 10 minutes. Feel like if I'm talking, I will be distracted, properly. I am coughing like mad. This stresses me out and makes me want a cigarette. I will NOT give in!

13:57 Sitting at desk. Wrote 30 words so far. I think I've lost the ability to write. It's not fun nor is it any good, even the measly 30 words. Feeling dejected. :-( Want to be hopeful but feeling like I can't do my job.

13:43 I feel light-headed. Is it normal to feel light-headed? Like I'm not getting enough air?

16:20 My hand is numb. Is my hand numb? On my fourth .5l coke zero and counting. Wrote 500 words. All nonsensical gibberish. Want to go home and cower under the covers.

TBC