29f and just quit - I could really use some advice – am feeling fairly ... hopeless ...

I need encouragement. Or advice. I've seen reddit come through time and and again, I hope that maybe someone out there knows exactly what I'm feeling. 

I live in Europe, in a country where smoking is more or less socially acceptable. I'm 29 and have been smoking for five years. I started when I first moved to Europe. I convinced myself that it helped me relax. Of course, I know now the only reason it gave me the illusion of doing so was because it fed the addiction started by smoking in the first place.

I am mentally ill. And not as in "oh i had some hard times and had depression and got over it" kind of thing, but in the fact that every time I go off medication,I am unable to function. I resisted every time. I hated pharmaceuticals.  In a sick way, if I was in a particularly bad spot, I'd chain smoke. It felt like a really really mild way of hurting myself.

After years of being told I have severe OCD, and being put on a cocktail of drugs, I finally got a psychiatrist worth his salt – 10 hours of testing later, turns out I have ADHD. Treating the latter was MINDBLOWING. Ive never felt better in my life. Ritalin honestly turned me into a real person. I am on ONE medication rather than what a felt like 19280329832. (BTW anyone w/ questions regarding OCD and its relation to ADHD is welcome to pm me: also, PS, this is the reason I live where I do right now – my "cure" cost me 0 euros, and involved about 4 medical professionals – i.e. fully covered by insurance. It saved my life.)

Then I quit smoking. Five hours ago. Because my boyfriend and I decided we are at a great point in our lives to have a baby (note: I'm not currently pregnant). Up until five hours ago, I could hardly wait for this part of my life to begin. It's all I thought about, in a good way.

Five hours later, all I can think about is cigarettes. I worry that I will spend my life like this. I find myself thinking unimaginable thoughts like "we don"t need kids, we'll just get dogs. Then I can keep smoking". Which, I know, sounds INSANE. Especially for someone who just hours ago was thinking of baby names.

I had a friend over for dinner. We ate. Then I had nothing to look forward to. It feels ... anhedonic. After you eat, what do you do with yourself??? I feel deprived. I know, logically, I am not depriving myself of anything. I am freeing myself (yes, I read Allen Carr – I loved what he had to say, but did not feel the promised easiness). I want a baby. I do not want to poison my baby, I do not want leave my husband and child because I had to die.

I need reassurance that some day, I won't feel deprived. That I'll feel whole without a cigarette. I feel so alone. Everyone I know who quit has started again (including my parents, lifelong smokers). I don't want that as an option. I can handle stress and sadness and restlessness. But only if I know it's not permanent.

I know no one can do it for me. But it would help me immensely to talk to someone who knows exactly what I'm feeling, and is legitimately okay with their life post-cigarette life.