Haven't been here in a while. Sent this to a new Quitter on FB today after he asked what has been working for me.

_____, Good to hear from you! What helped me was 1.) setting a quit date. This should ideally be a time when you have as little responsibility as possible (a vacation, or the family is out of town, or whatever). The reason it is best to carve out time for you to quit is that, 2.) Quitting fucking sucks, and it's really hard. Accepting this fully was key for me. I had to accept that I was probably occasionally going to be a huge dick to people during the first few months, and I basically forgave myself in advance for this, and did my best to explain to the people in my life whom it would effect the most, that I was not myself, that I was confused/depressed, and sorry, but I simply would not smoke. I gave myself lots of emotional and mental space from stressors, dove into some video games I'd been wanting to play, took up running for a bit, watched movies, but as long as I didn't smoke, I won, basically. And when I freaked out, I freaked out pretty hard. But then the dust settles, and you apologize to people, and you're still a non-smoker.

The hardest thing for me was that smoking actually becomes integrated with who you are, and learning who I am without them took a lot of time and confusion. Lots of confusion. But after a few months the confusion starts to go away, and you can see that it's possible to remain a non-smoker. 

Also, learning new frames for what cigs actually are, and how they effect your body will help. Basically remembering that the only thing cigs actually relieve is the withdrawal they created in the first place. You have a chemical dependency and the only way to get over it is to deny yourself that chemical. You will also probably notice that you are not in control of your thoughts, as you will attempt to justify having a cig in ways you didn't even know were inside of you. It is sort of akin to demonic possession ha. 

Also, I found the reddit Stop Smoking subreddit very helpful (reddit.com/r/stopsmoking), and a Quit Smoking app that tracks how much money I was saving, and how many cigs I had avoided. You'll also probably want to read this book , as it helps to re-frame cigs. https://www.amazon.com/Allen-Carrs-Easy.../dp/0615482155

Edit: A note about the book. I should say that reading the book didn't make it immediately easier for me. I know a few people who have read it, and while I've heard that some people "get it" and can just quit relatively easily, your results may vary. What I personally found it useful for was the way the author, again, "re-frames" what a cigarette is. What I mean by that is as a smoker I had justifications in my head, little stories I would tell myself about why it was okay to smoke. The book helps to realize that those justifications were (to some degree) linguistic manifestations of your chemical addiction. It should seem obvious, but when you're deep into craving a cig, it helps to REMEMBER what the fuck is going on. The book does a good job (if nothing else) of imprinting some tools on your brain that you can bust out in moments of weakness. At best, apparently some people put the book down and just walk away from cigs like it's nothing. *shrug*