E-Cigarettes And vaping - an alternative to help stop smoking?

Dangers of E-cigarette smoking
Currently little is known about the other chemicals in e-cigarettes and chemical compositions vary between brands. However, vapour from e-cigarettes contain some of the same potentially harmful substances as found in cigarettes, often at much lower levels.
Positives of e-cigarettes
Information in the media surrounding e-cigarettes can often be confusing and contain misinterpreted scientific results. An expert report published by Public Health England reported that e-cigarettes are 95% less harmful than traditional cigarette smoking.This figure has been highly controversial among doctors who claim that this figure is far too high and based on little evidence. There is also concern about the lack of evidence supporting the safety of the chemicals and the potentiality of a future public health disaster, as we don’t know the long term effects that e-cigarettes could cause.
Some of the evidence for and against e-cigarettes are influenced by the tobacco and e-cigarette industries who may present results in their favour which means it can sometimes be difficult to know if the evidence presented is accurate.
Can they be used to help smokers quit?
Public Health England recommend that e-cigarettes should be used for smoking cessation but ONLY if all other methods have failed. Further research is required to fully understand the relationship between smoking cessation and e-cigarettes.
Nicotine free e-cigarettes are available and these are good alternatives but may not curb any nicotine cravings, however help with the psychological element of having a cigarette in hand.
 It is clear that the evidence for and against the use of e-cigarettes is contrasting. It is important to note that even though e-cigarettes expose the user to fewer toxins than traditional cigarette smoking there is a need for more long term studies to build a strong evidence base around the safety of them...

This is part of a much longer article which I think is quite useful for an alternative way to help stop smoking. You can see the rest of the article here 

[Stop Smoking E Cigarettes](bit.ly/doctorsblog)