First post on here, been reading this stuff though. (It's gonna be long, sorry)

Hi there! So as a lot of us are, I've noticed, I found my way onto this thread through the smoke free app. Checking in with you guys and reading a couple posts and comments here and there has really helped keep me grounded in quitting since my normal smoking group is all still smoking (however I do still have their support). I was inputting to the app and figured why not post something to the thread today! Bear with me, I'm scatter brained. 
So it's been about three and a half weeks since I quit (this Saturday is a month!) and I had previously made it a month over The summer with the use of a vape pen, in the long run I feel like it personally didn't work for me just because it wasn't always as satisfying as a disgusting ciggy for whatever reason, and also it kept the nicotine in my system longer so I felt like it sort of was dragging out the actual physical addiction. This time I just ran out of cigarettes and instead of buying more thought "well I'll just see if I can make it through tonight, I can always buy some in the morning before work if I want. As fate would have it, my car wouldn't start the following morning so I had to catch a ride with my boyfriend to work (he doesn't smoke, I had never smoked around him or even smelled like cigarettes around him even though he did know that I smoked, so I dare not ask him to stop by the store on the way) so that's how I ended up making it through work the first day without a smoke. And I realized it was COMPLETELY doable as long as I kept myself busy on my breaks, it really wasn't even hard! So I thought I'd share what worked for me this time around, quitting Cold turkey. 
My main things I've done is keeping my stress levels down. I try not to get too overwhelmed at work and if I do I keep myself physically calm so when it's break time I'm not rushing out to go smoke. I literally take every situation I would normally smoke in about 5mins at a time. Like "no I'll just sit out here with you this time I don't feel like smoking". I tell myself in my head that i really don't need or want one, what a pointless thing to waste money on. I would always tell myself I really don't even want one. I also can't wait until my quit number is really high, I only made it a month last time, and I'm almost there now, so I think "if I smoke now I'll have to reset my time and it'll take even LONGER to get to 6months, fuck that I wanna be able to brag that I haven't smoked in 6 months".
The second main thing that helped me really not smoke especially at work was always having food. That's it. As long as I had something enjoyable to do on my breaks (I mean really what's more enjoyable than food) I didn't feel like I was missing out on anything or wasting my break time. I had been wanting to change my eating habits for quite a while anyways so I just did it all at once and said I was choosing to be healthier, instead of replacing one thing with another.  The best food I figured out to bring is healthy snacks and lunch with one treat to eat as a dessert on my thirty minute break. I also brought tea to drink with my lunch every day, it helped to calm my digestion (I used to smoke on every break and rarely eat throughout the day, so now that I was eating more I was prone to stomach cramping after full meals). Oh! And drank looooots of water. I felt 200% better those first 2 weeks because not only had I cut out that horrible habit but I was also eating better in the process. 
I've gained some weight since I quit but since I made a conscious decision to satisfy my oral fixation with mainly healthy snacks instead of with sweets or salty seeds and chips, it hasn't been horrible, only like 3 lbs. I'm also going back to the gym, and even though cardio has never been my strong suit even long before I smoked, I make a point to try and run for twenty minutes at the beginning of each workout so I can really take in how much better my stamina is getting. 
I really always thought quitting was going to be awful and I wasn't ever ready to face it so I kept putting it off (even though every time I smoked I would literally thing "I fucking hate the way this makes me feel, smell, and the taste it leaves in my mouth. I really don't want to even smoke it. But I already lit it I might as well finish"). I had tricked myself into thinking things were more enjoyable with a cigarette even though I hated everything about them. I really just got tired of feeling trapped within myself and sucked it up and stopped...with a little help from the universe of course. I'm not saying everyone is at that place now and you're doing something wrong or whatever, I'm just saying when it's time for you to quit you'll know, you just need to get back in touch with yourself. And make Time for good habits!