"Most people have no idea how good their body is designed to feel." - Kevin Trudeau - [A bit of my story is inside]

I saw this quote a week ago and it resonates with me more and more as each day passes.

On February 3rd, I not only quit smoking, but I quit all substances, minus the occasional night-time toke (in my opinion and experience, cannabis has less potential for physiological harm than Advil).  Alcohol, cigarettes, MDMA, hallucinogens, and various other stimulants are very common place in my social scene and became incorporated into my lifestyle.  I regularly went to school/work still feeling an afterglow from the night before or using a stimulant.

I had quit smoking for a period of about 3 months in 2013, and this is the longest I've been smoke-free since then.  But even more importantly, this is the longest time I've been free of drugs and alcohol as well since age 18.  I'm 23 now, so 4+ years is a relatively large chunk of my life.

Consistent fatigue, stomach aches, head aches, a scratchy throat, shortness of breath...all of these signs of dis-ease became my norm.  I completely lost sight of what good health felt or looked like.  I kept telling myself, one day, one day.  One day I would stop and get my shit together.  But I kept putting it off because I was scared.  A life of self-destruction (even beyond the substances) was all I had known for a really long time.  And I guess I also didn't realize just how incredibly poor my health was.  You don't realize how much these things effect you until you take them away because you become desensitized.  You build a tolerance.

And then I finally realized, what am I waiting for?  There will never be a "last time."  "One day" will never come unless I make it *today*.  My health and truly living my life is not something I can procrastinate on like an English final paper.  So I did it.  I quit it all and I feel motherfucking awesome.

I cannot begin to describe just how *good* I feel.  The first few days were a little bumpy, but it's honestly been pretty smooth sailing beyond that.  The dramatic increase in my health has been all the encouragement I need.  After just a week, my resting heart rate has dropped by at least 10 bpm, I sleep soundly, I wake up energized, I can smell, I can taste, I breathe evenly...the list goes on and on.  Plus, I'm saving tons of money.  I had no idea that I could physically feel this amazing.

Additionally, for the first time in my adult life I'm exercising to increase my strength and cardiovascular health.  And I can exercise without feeling like my heart might explode!  I struggled with an eating disorder for 8 years and have been in recovery for a while, but never got into physical fitness.  The only time I ever exercised regularly in the past was to burn calories and lose weight.  Now I'm hitting the gym and lifting weights to build strength and mold myself into a physique that reflects a healthy lifestyle.  I'm eating to fuel my body, not dieting to deprive it.

I know that was a bit of a read, so thanks for listening if you've made it this far.  I don't have many friends that would appreciate what I've just said and I wanted to share with someone.

Stay strong, you guys.  We're in this together.  We are meant to feel good, it's simply a matter of allowing yourself.