Day 19 Mission: All the things that work

Hey r/stopsmoking.

Smoke Free mission of the day (day 19! woohoo!) is to make a list of all the things that worked/helped and post it somewhere. This is the the list, and you are the where.

So.

A List of Things That Helped

1) support from friends/community. everyone was proud and nice, and that was really helpful.

2) no-limit snacks/oral distractions. I went cold turkey, and had a giant bag from walgreens that included: gum, lolipops, sunflower seeds, york minis, trailmix, more gum, butterscotch candies, altoids, etc. no guilt, no limits on the snacks for the first couple weeks. In the first days, my mouth felt like hell at the end, but it was worth it, and now, i really just reach for the sunflower seeds occasionally.

3). water. lots of ice cold water.

4). running. I ran most days, and whether psychosomatic or not, it was like i could *feel* the shit in my lungs getting clearer/less gross.

5) talking about quitting, all the time. warning people I was probably going to be an asshole for a while (not as an excuse, just: this is reality).

6) smoke free. every time i craved, or felt scared, or anxious i just piddled around on that thing. specifically, the life-regained tally and the hours-quit tally were satisfying to watch, and the craving button was great to use (there were a few times i'd just keep hitting it and moving that slider up to ten...).

7) (and this was maybe the most important): being understanding and kind with myself. the hardest part of this, for me, wasn't actually wanting the cigarettes, but rather the extreme dread, fear, sadness, etc that came along with nicotine withdrawal. for the first dive days, i came home and went straight to bed and wept. i told myself that that was okay. that it was okay to be a big mess for a week, or two (it tapered off significantly after the first couple weeks, although, i'm not so much further along than that now, so, we'll what's to come). but basically, just trying to remember that i'm not a bad person for feeling this way, that i'm not broken, that it's just a hard thing I'm doing, and to breath, and get through to another day.

my gratitude for this place is pretty over-the-top. you guys are such an incredible community, and i'm so happy to be a (new) part of it!