Where Do I Begin?

Forty days ago, around roughly the same time I write this, I was sat in front of the television reading success stories here on Reddit. I thought 'These guys are just strong-willed. I could never quit smoking.', but I was completely wrong.

That night I went out back for a smoke, and felt this urge to make it my last. Each drag on that cigarette was like a tick-tock on a timer, and by the time I finished it I knew that I was done for good. Conveniently this was New Year's Eve.

Over the next week, I spent my time clucking like crazy for a cigarette. I'd run for miles every day just to distract myself. I'd take cold showers, eat like a pig to fulfill my emptiness, and most importantly; read this subreddit. 

If it wasn't for Reddit, I can guarantee you I would have given up within the first two weeks. I had friends telling me 'You can do it' and I had friends saying 'I don't believe you'll quit for good'. 

Half of my brain was saying smoke, and half of my brain was saying not to smoke. But I carried on, and here I am on day forty. I haven't looked at this subreddit for around two and a half weeks, because I simply haven't felt the need to. Believe me guys, when they say that it gets better at week three, it really does.

Of course I don't have to tell you the benefits of quitting smoking, because we've known these facts for years. However, I have found humorous little things, that tend to amuse me almost daily. For instance, several times over the past few weeks I have been hanging out with friends, some of which smoke. The amount of times a few of them have went outside for a cigarette whilst we were doing something fun is ridiculous. I genuinely felt like a few of my buddies were missing out on social situations because they smoke, even though as a smoker I was positive that smoking is a social act. How ironic.

I think a lot of it is about breaking routines. Each day I walk the same route to work, so imaginably the first week or so of non-smoking was difficult as whilst walking that path I would think about smoking a cigarette. Nowadays, it doesn't even cross my mind.

I wish people could see how easy it gets once you're over the initial few weeks. I have no doubt that I will never smoke again. 2015 is absolutely the greatest year of my life.

Congratulations to all of those who have made the decision to quit smoking, and good luck to each of you on your journey!

TL;DR: Quit smoking, have never felt better in my entire life.