Two Weeks - My Experience So Far

I have to admit, I never thought I had what it takes to be at this point. But.. Here I am!
I've learned a lot so far. If you are on your first few days, maybe some of this can help you. 

I've learned that quitting requires more than just not smoking. You have to change your entire mentality. Doing so will not only give you the persistance that you need to get through the tough days, but it will also protect you against the addiction getting the best of you.

First thing I did was decided that **THIS IS IT**. I don't want to smoke anymore. I think making myself come to this realization made things real for me. I use this mentality when thoughts come up such as "Well, maybe I can just cut down instead". No. I've already made my mind up, set my goal, and this is what I'm doing.

The cravings have been pretty tough, but have gotten so much better. The first few days were horrible, and the cravings and grouchyness were kicking my ass. I didn't really have a trick for this, I just sucked it up and powered through it. I've just been reminding myself that I've gotten through so much worse in life, and I refuse to be defeated by a shitty addiction.

One thing I have found helpful though (and this may just be me), is to actually focus on the cravings, instead of trying to ignore them. Remember that scene in Fight Club with the acid, and Tyler said something like "YOUR PAIN IS RIGHT HERE! THIS IS YOUR PAIN!" It may seem strange, but I think facing it makes victory feel so much sweeter when you stomp it out.

Last thing I did differently this time around... I didn't feel sorry for myself. I remember time and time again when I tried quitting, I'd tell myself "I'm just too stressed to quit right now", or "I just don't want to right now". Horrible! I realized that pumping toxins into my system was doing NOTHING to help stress. In fact, it was making it worse. Think about it this way... I want you to think about one of the most crazy and stressful time of your entire life. Now, did it end up having a happy ending because of that cigarette you smoked right after it happened?  Just something to think about!