It will get better - tips/advice from an escaped smoker

Just realized today or yesterday I hit 4 stars and am myself surprised at how long it has been. Just wanted to thank this thread once again and those that suggest Allen Carr's book which I did read (only got halfway then quit)

For anyone lurking around considering quitting smoking I would highly suggest it.

I smoked for 15 years pack a day and haven't look back since quitting cold turkey 4 months ago. I mean ya I craved for them for the first 2 months but I stayed strong and it got easier. I actually did have 1 or 2 smokes but honestly they were for my own reasons and not because i was craving or couldn't help it or everyone else was doing it.

Honestly as of today smoking just seems pathetic when I see people do it. I look at it now like why the heck did I even do it. I have so much more money and free time it's disgusting. I'm not looking forward to a smoke whenever I get a break during a sports game, dinner event, evening with friends etc..

Some tips:

1) Escape (not Quit) when you are ready to do so and actually want to. Don't just stop smoking today because you want to consider quitting or you woke up coughing today more then usual. Make sure you are making decision because you want to quit more then ever. As Mr. Carr would say, you aren't actually quitting, you are escaping.

2) Maybe find a friend who's interested too and willing.  I eloped with my girlfriend from the cigarette demons and we helped each other through. Although she broke a couple times and had some cigs I stayed with her through it and we didn't give up.

3) Stop feeling like you are missing out on something or its funner. Trust me when I say it that eating food quickly/drinking quickly/being the first out the theatre etc.. is not worth it and you are actually putting more stress on yourself.

4) Cigarettes do not make you less stressful. You are actually always stressed being a smoker so having a cigarette might calm you down a bit yes but it's only calming you down to a less stressful level. You will be less stressed not smoking entirely then smoking in the end. This was a myth that aw'd me when I found out how oblivious I was.

5) In the end, even if you give it a hard week they will start tasting bad and make you feel worse which is a good thing at the time. So if you make it through 1 or 2 weeks even more if you do binge you might not actually like it. I did crack down one day, sparked a cig then one drag in realized how disgusting tasting it was and the entire nastiness of it and I was done with it.

TL:DR

If you want to quit smoking remember that you have to want to quit first. It can't be for any reason other then that. Also you are escaping and not actually quitting, you are not missing out on anything but gaining everything.

Edit = spelling

