I just wanna pour out some shitty thoughts...

Today I think I smoked my last cig...
Or at least for a very long time. I'm only 18 (and a girl), but I've decided to stop. Been smoking for approx. 3 years. It's ruining my skin, my throat is messed up, I smell horribly and I've got no money for the rest of the month. Always goes to cigs. And I'm sick of it. I don't want to die of lung cancer or live with KOL at the age of 50...

Now here comes the shitty part: I want to quit because of the money and not because of the health. I keep trying to force myself to make the reason for quitting the health issues. But it's the money. I know motivation is motivation. But I just don't know if that's enough to make me stop smoking. I'm gonna try though... And I'm gonna try my best. 
It just makes me sad that I want to stop because of the money, and not because I want to live longer, or live healthier. Or to spare my family from my early death. It really makes me sad... Is all I want money? Is it because I don't give a shit about my health? 

Just to make clear I'm not hysterical:
I know it sounds stupid that I'm so upset about quitting, and especially because I've only been smoking for 3 years. But I'm bulimic and smoke to make my stomach relax after a meal, or to not binge eat and purge. I'm addicted, but I don't know if it's physically or mentally. But I don't care... 

I just feel very upset... Because of my bulimia, my body has already taken a lot of damage, and it just feels so stupid I want to quit because of the money I could save, instead of wanting to quit because I want to improve my health.... How the heck am I supposed to think? Am I doing it wrong? And should I change the way I think? ... Am I the only quitter who just worries about the money? Omg it's clear to everyone I'm a girl with the way I write... But what ever. I'm upset. And I need some thoughts on this, if any body wants to read it and/or can relate to this.... I feel alone with this, because I'm the only smoker in my family besides my grandmother. But she's determined not to quit. So I can't ask her for help...
Be nice please. Otherwise don't comment.