Day 19! ....well, almost 20 :)

I've been using the smokefree iPhone app and it gives you these cool little "missions" to complete every day and today's calls for listing things that have helped me in my quit and suggests posting my list here for "bonus points" so here goes! These are in no particular order and I probably forgot things.

1. YOU GUYS, of course :)

2. I really cannot stress enough how much really doing a bunnnnch of research on nicotine addiction totally changed the way I see cigarettes. I don't miss them. Ever. I don't feel like I gave something up because that wording says that I miss it and I enjoyed it but I didn't, in reality, I was an addict. I like to say that I moved on from that low point in my life.

3. Obsessing over quitting. I don't want to smoke, ever. But I'm still here every day and plan on doing so for at least the first entire month to remind myself how important it is to never have another puff.

4. Being honest with myself. This ties back into #2. I don't romanticize the years that I was a smoker. I know now that every single cigarette I ever had made me feel tired and slowed me down. Even the cigarettes that I thought I really enjoyed- while drinking and after meals- just left me with a massive hangover or an intense need for a nap, respectively. 

5. In a strange way, nicorette. Not because it helped me wean off from tobacco (I ended up relapsing and then going cold turkey afterward), but because it helped me realize that the "hand to mouth" habit that I thought was so important to me didn't really matter that much and it was just the nicotine that had such a strong grasp on my mood all day of every day. Once I had that realization, it was easy to start really really hating the addiction.

6. Last but definitely not least but also last because I know that not everyone is as lucky as I've been: my girlfriend is an ex-smoker and has been since before we met and she's been really supportive. She never pushed but also made it clear that she hoped I'd quit eventually. She's been great and I owe a lot to her.