Quitting smoking is easy, my daughter has done it 100 times!

God love my Dad, but that isn’t the most motivational line and I’ve heard it at least 100 times too. It’s true though. I have quit smoking 100 times, at least. I’ll be 40 this year and started when I was about 15. I’ve quit through 3 different pregnancies and nursing stints (years at a time!!), quit for birthdays and New Years, quit for significant others and my kids, quit to save money and not feel trashy, quit for all sorts of reasons. I’ve even quit for myself a time or two. Why do I always go back? Why do I always get so excited about “getting away with it” or “finally getting to just be myself.” I’ve rationalized every line in the book to myself. I’ve smoked Yellow American Spirits since 2005. They don’t have any additives, I remind myself. At least they’re not Camels or Marlboros, I rationalize to myself. They’re way healthier, I lie on to myself. I only smoke when I drink, until I have some leftover after a night of drinking and smoke those too, and then buy another pack. Rinse/Repeat. My boyfriend of a year is the most wonderful man, and I find myself putting distance between us so he doesn’t smell smoke on me if I’ve just come home from work. When (if I know I don’t smell like smoke) I typically smother him with love. He probably thinks I’m nuts but I can’t bear the shame of him smelling cigarettes on me. When he truly just wants me to outlive him, I eagerly await alone time so I can drink wine and smoke in the backyard without anyone’s disapproval. Like, finally, in my happy place. In whose distorted world is sitting in the backyard alone, drinking wine and chain smoking a “happy place?” Mine. Ugh, for years.  I have wished a health scare on myself thinking that would be the tipping point, that’s what could finally get me to quit for good. I’m just so in love with the Yellow American Spirts. I’m crazy about them. 

About a week ago, I noticed the inside of my chest just hurting, hurting when I took a deep breath, hurting when I inhaled my additive free cigarette smoke, just hurting. Some sort of dull, pressure-filled ache. When I tried to take a deep breath, it was like the end of it, the last part of the deep breath couldn’t make it in. What could be going on? I sure as hell wasn’t going to ask a doctor. How humiliating if one single professional person in my life knew I was a smoker. No effing way. 

So I quit. Again. I’m working nightshift and last Wednesday or Thursday, honestly I don’t even remember I finished my last cigarette at 5:30 in the morning. I went into the bathroom and scrubbed my hands, neck, and face. Put lotion on my hands, through my hair, even rubbing it onto my neck and into the collar and onto the front of my shirt to mask any residual smell as per usual. Started chain-chewing my Mentos gum. The only unusual thing was that I was pleading with myself inside not to stop on the way home and buy that perfect little yellow box. I didn’t. I slept all day. When I woke up, I pleaded with myself some more not to pick up those perfectly fine healthier cigarettes on the way to work. I didn’t. During my lunch break that night I convinced myself that going to get some was fine, my chest wasn’t even hurting “that bad” anymore anyway. But still I didn’t. 

I’ve now quit for the hundred and first or hundred and tenth or two-hundredth time. Who freaking knows. What I know is that I’m desperate for it to stick this time. Hell, it’s already been 5 or 6 days. 