My experience quitting smoking with chantax

I'm a chronic quitter. After every pack I bought I would say "this is the last one."

I never made it a day without a cigarette, even with vapes and nicotine gum.

The most I made it was around a week smoking around 3 a day, as opposed to the usual pack. 

Anyways, I got sick of it and asked for a prescription for chantax. I've only been on it for around two weeks but it's been amazing. 

The downside is that it cost around 100 for one month even with my insurance. Other than that I haven't noticed many bad side effects. I suffer from depression and anxiety and have attempted suicide in the past, and that being one of the possible side effects worried me, but I haven't noticed any increase in depression or anxiety. I think my doctor said that 12% of people with previous depression and anxiety suffered more, so keep that in mind. I am taking a small dose of Zoloft too, though. The only side effect I really noticed was some nausea. I usually take it after I eat but even then I'll feel somewhat sick. It usually only lasts 15 minutes or so, though. I've only actually vomited once though.  

A lot of people complain about nightmares and whatnot. Before I started chantax i had very vivid dreams and most of them being bad dreams, but not full on nightmares. After starting chantax the only difference I've noticed is that I remember more dreams. They're not that bad or good really. 

Anyways, as for the pros: 

This drug has made it extremely easy for me. I still crave every once and a while but it's a lot more of a dull "a cigarette would be nice" than "I need a cigarette or I'm gonna flip." It's also a lot easier to pass. Honestly I just don't think about cigarettes nearly as much anymore. It doesn't make me sick to have one, but if I do have one it doesn't give me that "high." It's easier to actually think about the fact that I'm just inhaling toxins. 

I probably wouldn't recommend this drug to anyone who thinks that they can quit on their own, or who hasn't at least tried yet. I'm a bit wary of taking drugs and I think if you can help it you should keep it to a minimum. I haven't researched it extensively but it is a drug that's changing your brain chemistry so think about it and research it. But my thought is that it's better than smoking. But for someone with very little self control, as a last resort this has basically been a miracle. You still have to want to quit, and you still have to make a conscious effort to not pick up another cigarette, but if you need help like I did I would recommend this. 

It has only been about a week since I've quit, though, so we'll see. 