I can't believe it's been over 18 months.

My Mom passed on Feb 8, 2009.  I quit cigarettes the day after in the week of the 7th anniversary of her death.  

I figured it would be a good quit date, so I could immediately follow a sad anniversary with a happy one.  Also a little extra incentive for it being a tribute to her.

You see, I needed every scrap of help I could get. I had tried to quit many, many times before.  When you smoke for over 30 years, you begin to try and convince yourself that you can't quit.  
You delay it. You avoid it.  You dread the thought of trying to quit yet again, unsuccessfully.

But then you get an epiphany.  You always wanted to quit, but you let the fear of "nic fits" stop you from actually doing it.  But now you begin to see why you smoke, and you start to look at it objectively.  Then you make a plan.  A fair plan. One that works.  

Your plan is right for you only. It may be cold turkey, or over a couple of years.  Bottom line is that it has to be a SUCCESSFUL plan.

My plan?  Glad you asked.  I'll try to be concise.

Step 1 - SET A QUIT DATE. 

Make it obtainable with nicotine reduction goals reached in shorter time intervals.

Step 2 - REDUCE NICOTINE CONSUMPTION.

For you this may be reducing the strength of your smokes, or gradually cutting the number of smokes you bring with you each day.

For me, I vaped with nicotine e-juice.  I started with an "18" juice, but quickly went to a "12".
A few months later, I went to a "6", then to a 3 - then 1.5, then zero juice.  My frequency of vaping decreased to a couple of times a day, until I just left it at home one day when I went to work.

Step 3 - PREPARE DISTRACTIONS

I alway had a coffee or some veggies to nibble on to ease the hand-to-mouth habit.    Avoid the crappy food.  

STEP 4 - DON'T GET DOWN ON YOURSELF IF YOU SLIP.  

You are human. You make mistakes.  But do not let the occasional slip derail the program.  I got on a streak and didn't look back.  

STEP 5 - WRITE DOWN ALL YOUR REASONS TO QUIT

I wrote all the reasons to quit and kept it handy, and referred to it weekly.  I had over 30 solid reasons but I could have listed more.  

STEP 6 - KNOW YOUR ENEMY

Remember to analyze exactly what is a nicotine craving.  It's a short period of time where you feel uneasy.  That's it.  You are not starving or fighting for oxygen.  Think of fighting for breath if you DON'T quit.  It isn't torture.  You simply feel uneasy.  

Over time, the cravings will occur less often and they will be less severe.  But you will have them for the rest of your life.  It's how you handle the cravings that will be the key to your success. 

If drinking causes you to smoke, avoid drinking situations.  If it's stress, try yoga or meditation.
It all helps.

Expect the cravings.  Ambush them!  

Instead of caving in to it, punch it in the face.  Get angry at it.  Tell the craving it ain't going to fuck with you anymore. Then forget it.  After all, it's just a craving.  Don't let it occupy your headspace.  It's done that for long enough.
It's a fight, time to get tough.  

STEP 7 - ACKNOWLEDGE YOUR WINS

Treat yourself to things that reward your money saved and health benefits.  Know that smoking damage can be reversed and it's not too late.

Friends-

If this old bastard can quit after thirty years of sucking back more than a pack a day, you can do it too. 

I lurked in this sub for a long time and it helped me immensely.  I hope this post can help someone else succeed.

Thank you everyone.


