Relapse with a pack after 103 days. Instantly reminded why I quit. NOT. WORTH. IT.

I had just crossed the big 100 days, and to skip a lot of stupid reasons, I ended up smoking one a friend offered, and thought nothing of it because it tasted gross. I was actually happy how gross it was and made me feel.
Then another one.
Then a pack, and i've smoked 6-7 so far in the past 3 days and I just threw the pack and reset my badge.


The whole day I've had that ANNOYING dry cough resurface with a bit of wheezing/whistling and ticklish/fuzzy chest feeling, and then the aches that happen when you cough too much too often in a day after being fine for a while. I had almost forgotten about feeling like this. I will not forget anymore.

  
The annoyance, the worry, the anxiety of feeling like this is surging back and I'm having regrets. Not worth it. Not worth it at all. I was sitting at work earlier and a few times i took a breath and felt a sharp pinch a few times as i tried to yawn/take deep breath. I hadn't felt that in 3 months. If it's the same reason as before, its my out-of-shape body and chest, small chest muscles getting tight and sprained from the sudden dry coughing spree. Or aches from the lungs going "wtf" as it tries to protect and regrow cilia.
  

Never again. Time to reset my badge, and remember these symptoms, which is why im finally posting for the first time: so i have my own post and my own words to go back to when i need to remember. 


Wish me strength, as I wish strength to all of you. I encourage people who are hesitant or too lazy to post, to post once, or write to yourself, for situations like this. Reading inspirational posts is good, but moreso is reading and hearing your own words or handwriting.




Here we go again, for the last time!


P.S.: I wanted to post about my journey to 100, but after this week I don't feel like it, so I won't post my journey to 100 until I achieve again once more, for good. I've tried dozens of time to quit in the past years and this last time stuck. I think I know myself, and I intend to going at it with the same mindset and habits, and see if I hit the 100 easy again.