Quit - Day Zero

I only have two cigarettes left in my pack of 10. An idea pops up in my mind all of a sudden. It's a strange idea, it's something I haven't thought of in a while. I looked at my pack and thought "these are the last two cigarettes I'll smoke". Today will be the last day I smoke. Once I hatefully but yet so tempted, smoke these last two cigarettes, I will no longer buy nor light up another cigarette.

I make myself a cup of tea, light up the second from last smoke. Sipping my cuppa, taking deep pulls, clouds of smoke fading away, only a few moments ago it was in my lungs, already done all the damage... and back out. Strangely, I'm trying to make the most out of it, trying to enjoy it, something that's only killing me. Nothing beats this smoking experience, except death it self.

Now taking my final pulls on this one. It's a weird feeling. Now I know I only have one last left. It's a Monday feeling. Melancholy, sadness without a genuine reason. A void, a good void that'll only benefit me in the long the short and every other term under the sun.

It's a beautiful night in a British summer. The sun had sank into the darkness. I've had my dinner, or 'tea' if you like. Watched some sports, some news. Played some FIFA until I couldn't take it anymore, shutting it down angrily. But that's all a facade, all the way throughout only one thing has heavily occupied my mind: the last cigarette we haven't really talked about.

I've decided to smoke the last one in my room rather than the garden. I open up the window. I don't want to stink the room with it's awful smell so I'm reaching out my head, my neck is straining, I can feel the twitch in my upper back and neck muscles. My lips are tightly clamped on the cigarette. I can't afford to drop this one. It's the most valuable and ultimately the last cigarette I'll be smoking in my life. I don't know why but I must make the most out of it. I light it up, then give it a quick couple of pulls to get the fire going. I must smoke as much of it as possible, can't let the cigarette burn it self to death while my mind is miles away making unconscious plans about my uncertain future.

I'm watching the cigarette at every pull, the burning sound of the paper that's wrapped around the beautiful poison. At this moment and time, it's the perfect sound waves that my ears intercept. I'm in a melancholic mode, again, there's a thousand reasons to be happy yet not a single one to be sad about.

After multiple pulls, some of them even double, I'm nearing the end of the end. It's an end I hate, yet I need. It's a painful end without a single shred of pain. It's a freedom I'll reach, yet loving this Stockholm Syndrome.

I've now taken my final pull and stubbed it out.

Tomorrow will be the first of many days as a smoke free man.

(Decided to stop on 14/06/2016)