Dealing with the emotional rollercoaster of a loved one quitting and relapsing

I'm having a lot of trouble controlling my anxiety about loved ones smoking. I figured maybe people here have some experience with this... My girlfriend smoked when we met earlier this year. I never thought much or said anything about it. She tried to quit a few times the first few months we dated, and would relapse after a couple of days. She'd share her disappointment in herself and I'd acknowledge it and move on.

I started thinking about ways to help her quit and looked into vaping. I bought a couple and the next time she tried to quit I gave them to her. She was excited and grateful that I'd thought of her, and started using it.

A couple of days later she relapsed. As we were talking at the end of the day that happened, I felt myself getting very upset. I realized I had a totally different relationship with her addiction now. I didn't want to show my emotions because I felt it would just add more anxiety to her and make it even harder to quit, but I failed and ended up bursting into tears, which I'd never done around her before. She was surprised it meant so much to me but said that in a messed-up way it made her feel good to know that I cared so much.

She gave it another go and was smoke-free for a couple of weeks until another relapse recently. That one was pretty brutal for me too. I spent most of the following day at work crying. We've had a couple of long conversations and she's been very open to me asking lots of questions to try to understand her relationship with smoking, and that's helped, but my mind still keeps fixating on the fear that she won't stop.

So many of my interactions with her and thoughts of her are colored by my anxiety about this. I know she's working hard but I just keep pushing myself to do more to help. I ditch my plans to go exercise with her whenever she displays any interest. I buy e-juice, coils, and vape devices to figure out an ideal setup for her. I move to the other side of the street if I see someone smoking on our side. 

I've told her I don't want her to quit for me but my behavior I'm sure is putting a lot of pressure on her. I think the root of the feeling other than the rational concern about her long-term health is the visceral sense that's been with me since childhood that smoking (and I suppose smokers by association) is not only unhealthy, but evil. I know that's a ridiculous thought but I'm having trouble shaking it and seeing her the way I'd like to, as someone suffering the consequences of a mistake they made when they were young.

Have any of you struggled with this before? Any tips on what has helped?