TWO DAYS IN! Funeral and flights tomorrow. Wish me luck.

**The Basics:**  26f, smoker for 7 yrs, 1 pack/day for the lion's share, though for a really bad 6 mos., I was 2/day. Before two(-ish) days ago, I smoked anywhere from 0 - 15/day. 

I extinguished my last cigarette around this time Thursday night/Friday morning, partially because I am so goddamn broke I have no clue how I am eating tomorrow but mostly because I was flying back East for my late, great, ass-kicking Gramma's funeral and she would reanimate to murder me if she knew I was still smoking (she was a smoker, though she didn't die from anything smoking-related). 

We had her memorial dinner and it was beautiful. Great people, great stories, most of which I had never heard. I even had a glass of wine and, despite the few souls braving the Connecticut cold, smokes in hand, didn't have a single real, intense craving. Today, however, was a day of sorting her "estate" (read:  the standard grandmother-tested, adorable, tiny cottage) and readying her garden to scatter her ashes there tomorrow morning. I stressed. A lot. There's a lot of weird, difficult-to-explain, familial tension that I won't bore you with the specifics of but, rest assured, it is here in abundance. I had several cravings. Fortunately I don't have a pack, a car, any money, or even a pretext upon which to leave her house to buy an $11 fall from the wagon, so I didn't smoke at all. Tomorrow, opportunities will be thin, save a 3 hr layover in GA, when I can still do nothing but bum due to aforementioned financial reasons. 

What I'm worried about is 1) not biting anyone's head off tomorrow and 2) not starting up once I either have my paycheck (which is waiting for me at work) or am around people who smoke, which is a description that many of my friends fit, working in technical theatre.

I have quit before a few times, the longest for almost a year, so I'm familiar with the ups and downs while knowing that every time is a bit different. Unfortunately, I can't use any of my tricks from previous non-smoking stints and my arsenal is in need of an overhaul. Before, I quit either because I could no longer afford to smoke or, more often, because of a flare-up of severe stomach pain/nausea/GERD (stress ulcer and/or IBS are the most common theories) that made it impossible for me to enjoy smoking on any level. I simply could not smoke so I did not smoke. Apart from the crippling abdominal pain and constant nausea, it was a relative breeze. 

The downside, of course, is that I am unprepared to deal with how hard it can really be to quit, which is exacerbated by all of this funeral/family/travel (I'm a terrible flyer who is extremely afraid and has an overactive imagination) anxiety. I know a good amount of the old go-tos (toothpicks, lollipops, Alan Carr's book, spicy food, no coffee, less booze) but I'm wondering if you guys had any tips or general wisdom for how to deal with cravings in incredibly high-stress situations. That don't involve Xanax. 

Sorry for the novel. Typing it all out helped.

**TL;DR -- Terrible flier (level:  panic attack) attending grandmother's funeral with weird family made it two days but is worried about making it longer/surviving the stress.**