Day 16. Great momentum and stronger.

2018, I resorted to a commitment towards building and creating more than being passive consumer of everything. 

I have tried quitting smoking for the longest time. My longest without cigarettes was 6 days. That was my biggest achievement. But everytime when work stress gets to me, I'll walk right over to my office lift, to ground floor and off to the smoking area to have a cigarette. Telling myself all sort of justification, and how it will be the last, or that I will go easy and cut down on the number of cigarettes. 

But before long enough, I'd find myself back to 15-20 cigarettes a day. And if I'm out with colleagues and business partners drinking, that number could easily double on a single night. 

I'm 31 this year. I read about how brains malleability reduces after 30. And have been trying all throughout my 20s to quit. And I finally did after reaching 31. 

The first week was tough, but it gets easier. But it is all linked to my mindset of wanting to become more a creator than a consumer, these are key things that has become part of my habit prior to finally snubbing off my last cigarette: 

1. Reading vigorously 

- Started reading a book or 2 a week. Kindle is my best friend. But the book that made the cut was "When Breathe Becomes Air". Gives me a great perspective to how mortal we are, how short our lives are and how much we could do in life than merely harming ourselves with substances that we can absolutely love without. 

- On and off, I'd listen to Allen Car's audiobook. A great reminder as always, that everything we associate to cigarettes are just in our minds. 

2. Having fun by being more fit 

- I tried going to the gym regularly. But it's always boring. Thought of many different ways to make it fun, but I just couldn't keep a healthy routine. So this time I changed my strategy. Decided to focus on the fun and not so much on the goal of getting fit for the sake of it. 

- Started with badminton. Then futsal. Then rock climbing. Now, I am maintaining the week with all three. It gives me an opportunity to socialise with friends, family and colleagues without having to smoke or drink. I'm helping my friends and family to get healthy together. Nothing beats the pleasure of doing things together -- especially more so when it's to become better together. 

The above 2 are my main focus. But there is another element that I do have to consider. Which are finances. I now save alot from quitting, that I reinvest into cryptocurrency, Kindle books, audio books, and entry and monthly fees to badminton and rock climbing. 

16 days so far. I am extremely positive that this is it. And I decided to write here to keep my commitment fresh and public. I have also informed everyone that I don't smoke any longer. This goes a long way. To whoever starting this journey afresh, or you tried a gazillion times like myself -- the key was in all of the advices shared here: never quit quitting. We will get there eventually. 

Good luck! 