Here we are... all over again! (Trigger Warning)

A bit of a background:

I've been smoking for about 22 odd years now. Especially the last decade, I've been smoking almost a pack and a half every day!

I've half-arsed tried to quit 3-4 times in the past (a good 10 years ago or so), and didn't go through it. Even tried Allen Carr, Hypnotherapy and whatnot... Meh!

Inspired by this community, I committed to quitting on September 16th last year. And, I DID, SUCCESSFULLY!

So damn awesome! I was off it for almost 3 months. Come new years eve, for some strange reason, I relapsed. No, I wasn't out with friends. I was alone and happy. Wanted to celebrate the fact that I'm doing so well. And FARK!

I went back, full swing - sometimes almost 2 packs a day - in fear that someday I'll be quitting (such mental games).

The fact that I now knew, that I could quit anytime and not feel the cravings, made me continue smoking all the more (yeah, a strange disarray the mind is)...

Since then, I've had several on/off quit dates. Somedays I've gone for 5 days and then just bought a pack for the fuck of it. And then back on it. I honestly cannot seem to understand the triggers - it's just the idea of enjoying the taste and smoke. Still do, I won't lie.

But this morning. Woke up to another resolve. It's just about noon here and I'm doing well so far. Lunchtimes are my favourite where I'd like to sip on my coffee and smoke a few back-to-back just reading on things.

Also, unlike most people here, I actually LIKE to smell second-hand smoke... so that's another trigger, if I pass by someone who smoked.

Is there anyone here who has experienced something like this? No withdrawal symptoms, no nicotine cravings - just the IDEA of  smoking and enjoying the taste of the tobacco? 

If so, please help and tell me how you've managed to cope? Because I'm afraid, I'll go on for another few days and then just may want to smell it again and then will slip to have 1 - and we all know, "just one, is never just one!"

Thank you once again everyone for being so so so supportive :)