A year and a half later, but I still can't shake the restless need to CONSUME

I quit smoking back in March of 2014, which feels awesome and wonderful, but it has left me with some lasting issues. 

Before I quit, I spent 10 years smoking about 3 packs a day-- basically just chain-smoking from the moment I woke up in the morning until I went to bed at night some days, taking breaks only when I had work duties that required me to. This was a hard void to fill when I was first quitting, as I was very used to always having something in my hands and mouth, and always feeling like I had something to DO. A year and a half later, I have absolutely no desire to smoke at all (and am, in fact, kind of disgusted by the idea now), but I still miss that feeling of having something to do to curb the antsiness.

I've tried lots of things to get past this feeling, but the ones I always seem to come back to are food and gum. I chew through about 3 packs of gum these days, chewing until my jaw aches, and then begins the compulsive eating. Because of all of this, I've gained about 20 lbs since I quit, and I feel like I'm on an unsustainable trajectory. Also, weigh worries aside, I just don't like that I still feel in the thrall of these sort of addictive behaviors, even now-- a big part of what gave me the incentive to quit was wanting to leave that feeling behind.

I've seen exercise pushed by a lot of people to help with problems like this, but my situation is currently complicated by the fact that that isn't going to be a real solution for me right now. I'm in law school, and I just have to spend 14+ hours a day sitting still and reading, and it's during that stationary time that I get hit the hardest with the restless, aimless, craving feelings. In undergrad I used to chain-smoke while I did my readings and other schoolwork, now I don't know what to do to quiet those restless feelings long enough for me to concentrate, so I usually just end up binge-eating-- because not focusing is just not an option.

Anyways--that really long spiel was just a long way of asking: does anyone out there know of anything besides eating or chewing gum that curbs that restless craving to consume while still allowing you to be stationary and focused? At this rate, I'm afraid I'm going to graduate as a whale with a broken jaw. :(