I quit 36 hours ago.. and already failed twice in that timeframe.

Sorry this is super long! I tried to cut some stufff out but that didn't work well so there is a short TLDR. Anyway, so I quit about 3 years ago using a vaporizer. Easy peasy with that thing. Then I stopped that too. Was finally so glad to be done with it. My boyfriend was right along with me in all this. 

Well, about 6 months ago he picked it up again and along I followed not so long after! We were in a VERY stressful situation and both resorted to that (not saying that it's a good way to handle stress!) But now I am wanting to be done with it, actually *needing* to be. I have a sickness that is as of yet undiagnosed for sure, but I do have doctors treating it. And the smoking, or ANY nicotine, exacerbates it badly. So I have really noticed just how much sicker the smoking makes me recently when I was somewhere for a week where I barely smoked. I felt so much better. It was great and I was in much less pain and vertigo was immensely improved among other positive health effects.

Came home to my smoking boyfriend and slipped back to the same level of smoking as before. After a couple of days smoking I felt awful. That was my impetus to quit, but about 14 hours into it I was not sleeping at all and I smoked almost an entire one. And then after dinner tonight I split one with my bf. So yep, failed twice already..

It is so hard to quit (for me anyway) without being able to do any nicotine replacement therapy (and can't take any medications since I am on so many others that interact) and also always having the cigs right next to me. Normally this is when I would ask my bf to stop the smoking as well but he just got out of rehab recently (explains the stress a bit, eh?) and quit a lot of drugs that he had picked up in the last 6 months, fentanyl being the worst and the most one used. I am so proud of him, choosing to get help and sticking to it, doing what he has to do to stay off (going to therapy, meetings and such.) I feel like at this point in his sobriety (excepting his nicotine and huge caffeine addiction) it would just be asking too much. 

So, I just have to have a bit more willpower. Any tips from those that quit when the cigs were right there all the time? I am on disability because of the health problems, and he is home most of the time, working as a fireman one day (24 hours) on and then 3 days off. So we are together pretty much 24/7. I know I have it in me to do this. But failing so early on was discouraging. I came on here to hold myself more accountable and want to update everyday that I did not fail (even though I know it will not be getting read, but just for myself.) Love reading the success stories, makes it seem not impossible! Thanks in advance for any tips, encouragement, or advice. 

**TLDR-** I have to quit smoking without any nicotine replacement therapy or any medications and have cigs next to me basically always. Any advice on how to resist? 