Been quit for 7 days, breathing seems worse than ever

Hey all, like many others I am a long time lurker but this is my first post!

For some background, I'm a 22 F and been smoking since I was 17 (5 years). I smoked between 5-8 cigarettes a day and more on nights out with friends drinking etc.
Since the beginning of this year I've had breathing problems pretty consistently, like 24/7 for months at a time - from the moment I wake up to the moment I fall asleep I constantly feel like I'm unable to take in a deep breath and when I try and breathe normally I feel like I'm suffocating and going to pass out. On top of this I was also getting regular chest pains.

I went to the Doctors many many times for this and they would check my blood pressure, my oxygen levels, listen to my chest and everything would always be fine. Was consistently using Ventolin and Seretide as well but I found these didn't help either. 

One time at work I had a really bad 'episide' and an ambulance was called and I went to hospital.
Had my bloods checked and a chest X Ray done and again everything was fine so they chalked it up to anxiety. (Granted I've really never seen myself as an anxious person so this really surprised me that I could be getting such a constant physical symptom from anxiety)

I again went to the Doctors for this and ended up being put on some antidepressants (Paxil) and seeing a psych however none of it seemed to resolve my breathing. Some days were better than others but my breathing was never 'perfect' to say the least. I've of course tried all the breathing exercises possible and still barely any relief can be found.

Throughout the year I've had multiple quit attempts because of this, tried vaping, patches, gum &amp; Champix. Each time failed because I would consistently be thinking 'my breathing is getting no better even whilst I'm not smoking, so what's the point?'
The only time this was not the case was on Champix where I quit for about a month and my breathing did get a lot better - however I became an emotional mess and ultimately went back to smoking.

This quit feels different however, for the first time out of all my attempts something seemed to just click and I simply did not want to smoke anymore. I wasn't doing it just because I thought I 'should', I actually WANTED to.

Staying off the cigarettes has been honestly a breeze this time. I'm using gum, about 1-2 pieces of the lowest dose ones a day. However I am having SERIOUS trouble breathing, much worse than it has been prior to the quit.

I have got the quitters flu I believe, constant coughing, phlegm build up, nasal drip so this may all be contributing (as well as it being hayfever season right now which I get pretty bad). I went to the Doctors the other day and he put me on a 5 day course of Prednisolone (Steroid) to help with the breathing and its day 3 on the steroids now and my breathing still isn't better. 

Has anyone else at all had a similar experience with breathing after quitting? Or does anyone have any idea how long this may continue for? 
Or is it possible that all of this is just some anxiety symptom? 
I'm definitely not going to go back to smoking no matter how bad it gets, but it's just rough right now.

TL;DR - Been quit for 7 days and my breathing is terrible, not sure if it's from the quit/smokers flu or possibly anxiety.