nicotine's evil mind games

Hey y'all.  First off, I've been smoking for about 10 years, usually about half a pack a day.  That is, unless I'm (I guess I ought to start using the past tense) at a cafe or a bar - then I'd just chain smoke.  I'm almost 12 days quit and reading this subreddit religiously has been an awesome help getting me through it.  I'm always kind of disappointed when I've read through all the posts so I thought I'd add one.  Also I'm kind of craving right now so writing this is keeping me distracted.  

To be honest the first week I was so motivated that, though it wasn't super easy, it wasn't exactly hard either.  Now that I'm close to two weeks its getting a bit harder.  Weirdly, it's because my cravings are less intense.  During the 1st three days of physical withdrawals I could just be like "Fuck you for doing this to me nicotine!"  Now the struggle has changed.  Now I start thinking about some event in the future, months from now, like going on vacation, or visiting home, or finishing a big test, and everytime I think about it I have a cigarette in my hand.  Then I'm like, "oh, wait, no I won't be smoking when that happens."  With that thought this thing that day to day has been relatively easy all of a sudden seems extremely overwhelming, and I start doubting if I have the strength to go through with it.

Anyway, this is quit a ramble, so I'll get to my point.  The point is that all this preemptively regretting not having cigarettes from the future is absolute bullshit, and just another example of how nicotine plays tricks on you.  Day to day this quitting thing has been totally manageable and easier than I expected, its only "forever" that seems daunting.  But I don't need to worry about forever.  Months from now, when I'm at a beach party with smokers, I can deal with that situation - maybe I'll smoke, probably/hopefully I'll be smart enough not to.  Regardless, it has absolutely nothing to do with today - I won't smoke today.

Sorry that was so long, but I felt like I needed to write it out.  

Disclaimer: Every time the name "Alan Carr" is mentioned in the comments, a kitten will die.