It gets so much easier. (Tips)

I used to rationalize smoking, I told myself it helped me. I told myself I would quit and I wouldn't regret the time I did smoke. I do regret it now, I can see that it was never a good thing for me and I'm so glad that I could end it after only 2 years and while I'm still young. 

I saw a woman today outside of a restaurant, outside in the dark, in the rain. Her family/friends/husband/whatever were inside but she had to wait outside in the rain just so she could smoke. She seemed so sad, you could see the effects in her face, so wrinkled and I just felt so bad for her.

So I'm a first time quitter and its all going great, heres some things that help me.

1. Quit cold turkey if you can, not thinking about nicotine at all really helps me

2. Remind yourself that your brain is tricking you into thinking you want to smoke, that YOU really don't want to. It's all a trick.

3. When you crave think about how bad cigarettes actually taste, how it makes your breath smell, how it makes you smell, how it yellows your teeth, the damages on your lungs, how it ruins your skin, how much money your spending, and (most importantly for me) how badly you wanted to quit when you did smoke

4. Find something new to do, for example i started reading a new book series and I rewatched an old movie series that enjoyed. I went out with friends a lot. Anything to keep me occupied and not bored at home. 

5. Avoid situations where you will be tempted, at least for a while. Try not to drink (where my craving was the highest), be around friends that smoke, etc. 

6. Exercise helped me a lot, takes your mind off of the craving and is good for relieving stress. And of course, exercise is just good for  you in general.

7. Consider telling your friends and family that you've stopped smoking, when you crave think about how disappointed they might be. Think about how you will have lied to them.


Feel free to add more in the comments, these are just some things that have helped me so far!