What helps me stay smoke free💨

I have been smoking for almost 9 years which is quite terrible for me. 
I have always exercised, eaten healthy and I gave myself one vice which was cigarettes. (denial)
 I am now 18 days smoke free (not a lot for some but for me its fantastic!!!) 

I knew I had to quit as I’m alway anxious about the fact I smoke, smell like smoke and never smoke in front of other family members like my mom, dad etc. My husband quit a year ago and is an inspiration and lots of support when it comes to quitting this beast.

Things that should be happy memories started being stressful because I was always looking for a time and place to slip out and have a cigarette. 

Travel plans was always nudged around my smoking as well. I have had enough of it!!!!! It ruins everything especially my health!!

I was so stressed out about quitting because of this SHITTY ‘companion’ I had all this time. 

BUT

HERE’S what help ME stay smoke free:

DON’T THINK ABOUT IT TOO MUCH
- seriously just stop and keep quitting. The more big of a deal you make it the harder it will be for you. I didn’t tell to many people when I quit because they will also make a big deal out of it and that is  pressure and Pressure = wanting to smoke. Just keep busy and try not think about it.

REPLACE BAD WITH GOOD
-  I started eating apples and drinking green tea whenever I have a craving. It feels good to replace something nasty with something good for you.

NOTICE
- I notice small changes- I have always suffered from severe anxiety. My anxiety lowered more than half when I quit smoking. I feel overall happier. Notice the small stuff.

DO SOMETHING ELSE
- exercise till you drop or go for walks
Hang out with your cat. 
Read
/ there is so much time to do things you like!!!

FUTURE
- think about it . I don’t want to be a mother that smokes. I don’t want to die of some horrible smoking disease. Think of it every time you want to smoke. Sometimes I will just google all the bad stuff just one cigarette does to your body.

By all means quitting is TOUGH and when I’m around friends who smoke or when I socialize or when I have coffee its the hardest!!  And I am by no means out of the woods....

I really hope some of these help you! 
Good luck everyone.




