This time Cold Turkey thanks to the perfect storm

Had my last Cig Friday morning at 8:20 am.  I didn't really want that one either but it was the last one in the pack.
I have tried every single possible method of quoting - multiple times.  I have never given an honest try to cold turkey.  
Here is my glorious, perfect storm:
Thursday night I could feel that I had a nasty cold about to come on.  I had a sharp pain in my throat and felt run down.  We had already planned on taking Friday off of work and heading to the beach for the weekend with the kids (long weekend).  I woke up Friday morning with an awful cold.  my entire body ached.  It was my daughters 8th birthday.  I knew it was time.
Since Friday morning I have spent a lot of time in bed (mostly recovering from and dealing with the cold).  The miserable symptoms have generally masked and overshadowed my cravings.  I am surrounded by my family who all want/need me to quit for the first four days of this so I am confident that I can go at least that long.

Today I can feel the cravings.  it's kind of brutal, but I keep rationalizing with myself that there are so many "weak minded" people that I know that quit; there is no reason that I can't as well.  I tell myself how Powerful I am.  It's up to me.  Fuck worrying if my clothes smell.  Fuck being nervous to roll down the window to talk to someone at my kids school, afraid that they will smell my secret.  Fuck hiding in my back yard getting the last nasty smoke in at night before bed.  Fuck the cloud of death following me wherever I go.  Power.  that's what I have.  and I can say fuck that to all of those things.  
sidetone - I live in the Northeast, Boston Area.  I literally do not know anyone who smokes besides myself.  None of my family or friends or coworkers.  There is no public place near me where smoking is acceptable.  There is no indoor place, public or private, that I can smoke in (except my car).   Why would I continue?  What benefit am I getting?  The answer is none.  Fuck smoking.  I'm more powerful than the gas station guy who sells the death sticks.  

sorry for the bizzar post.  This time I think I've really got it.  Just started reading this sub again this morning and it has been very helpful.