Day 22. First time posting!

It's been 20 days since I quit smoking and I wanted to share my experience so far with people who just started and all of you long term non-smokers. English is not my first language, so bear with me. I had been smoking for 15 years non stop, not a single day without it (I'm one of those who sneak at the hospital butt naked to take a puff)  and this is my first honest attempt to quit. Every time someone tried to convince me not to smoke, all I could think was "Once you're done talking, Imma chain smoke til' I pass out!" Just the thought of it made me anxious.
So I woke up with the flu, (which has never stopped me from smoking before) and decided to try and quit for a day since I wasn't craving it as much. Skipped my break cigs at work, skipped my after-meal cig, everything was fine until I got home from work and my bf lit one up. I couldn't take it. I told him I was going to smoke half of it and so I did. I thought to myself "try and make that your last cigarette".

Day 2: I decided to download the Smoke Free App looking for some guidance since I felt lost, desperate and like no one could understand how hard this was for me. I pinpointed my biggest triggers: Coffee, stress, driving, meals and break periods.

Day 3: I wondered how I would manage to not smoke after getting better from the flu, but I felt hopeful and proud of myself for getting this far. I had cravings all day long but I kept drinking water instead, taking deep breaths and taking it 10 minutes at a time. "I won't smoke for the next 10 minutes, just 10 minutes" and the cravings became weaker as time went by. 

Day 4: Relying on will power started to feel like it was gonna be reeeeeally hard. I felt like smoking ALL DAY LONG. I started thinking about how I needed to lose weight and how FAT I was going to get if I quit, how hard it was to just focus on not smoking first, making it my priority and then dealing with all the other issues. Day 4 sucked but I was determined.

Day 5: I was mad at my bf... FUUUUUUUCK!!! I cried and screamed in my car on my way home for 15 minutes only to realize I was frustrated not because I was mad, but because I was mad and I couldn't smoke it off. (Now everytime I feel like having a puff I think about this day and the craving disappears automatically.) Fuck day 5. Worst day of my life. But I did it. I drank water until it made me queasy, laid on the floor for and hour taking deep breaths and stretching,  listened to music, showered and tried to distract myself until the day was finally over. I was committed to quitting cold turkey, but I had to accept that maybe I needed a little help, so I comforted myself with the idea of getting some sort of NRT next morning.

Next day I bought a vape, some e liquid that was supposed to taste like tobacco and went home. I felt disappointed cause it was nothing like smoking; no throat hit, this weird sweet flavor, I couldn't take a single puff without coughing my lungs out... but I decided to give it a go, at least for a day or two. As days went by I kept using it whenever I had an unbearable craving, until I got the hang of it and started to enjoy it. I wondered if it could actually substitute the habit and if thats what I wanted. I was in a constant fight in my head because I really wanted to quit cold turkey. But its ok to need help and seek it. Especially this time. I wanted to quit for good. I was so determined. So I realized in order for me to achieve it, it was gonna take longer than I had anticipated. Thats when I came to terms with the idea of kicking the habit slowly. 

...And then Thanksgiving happened. With my bfs family. Surrounded by food and awkward conversations. I was stressed, I was full... and I DIDN'T FEEL LIKE SMOKING! Fuck yesssss!!! I felt happy, uplifted, proud of myself!  We went for drinks at a local venue afterwards... trigger #2. I was surrounded by smokers. This was a big deal. I didn't know If I should tell my friends I was trying to quit. And I realized my fear came from the fact that maybe I'd want to bum a cig later on... and I thought to myself "But you don't want one, cause you're a non smoker".
 Identifying myself as a non-smoker was a breakthrough. It felt weird and unnatural. I locked myself in the restroom and said it out loud a couple of times. Hearing it helped, but cravings came back every now and then So I kept vaping until they dissapeared and promised myself not to smoke, not a single puff, even if I got drunk. And I didn't [smoke]. 

All of my human interactions, every single thing I did for days revolved around my addiction but more so about my habits. And I kept surprising myself whenever I found another habit I never thought of before. 

From my diary: 
" On my way to Walgreens I automatically thought "oh! I should buy cigarettes!" And immediately snapped out of it. Same when I was in the makeup isle "if I pay at cosmetics I cant but cigs... oh! I don't need them anymore! HA! Guess who's NOT doing that long ass line!" 🙋🏻🕺🏾
" while sleeping I noticed my bfs shirt smelled like cigarettes and It annoyed me. I had to cover my face. It'd been years since I could smell cigarettes aside from being close to a smoker or smoking myself. But now I can smell it from afar and I don't fuckin like it, which makes me feel detached from it and more like a non smoker. Now I understand how other people felt about me and I feel ashamed."

"Recognizing the aspects of our lives that we associate with smoking, is the key to letting go; of learning how to replace them with new, healthier, more exciting things."

Its been 22 days, 2hrs 26m since my last cigarette. And I know it's just the beginning. But I'm excited. I feel proud of myself every time I gag at the smell of smoke. And yes, vaping has been a huge part of my success. I understand how controversial it is and I still struggle with the idea. But using it as a reward instead of a substitution does it for me. I'm done torturing myself. I want to do this right. I'm a non-smoker. 

I'm done venting for tonight. I wish you all success; cause luck is for mediocres.
