Underestimated Quitting

I have been smoking for almost fifteen years non-stop. My parents were smokers as well and I grew up around them smoking. When I started smoking, my father would provide me with cigarettes so it was extremely easy to become a chain smoker. I have however always been kind of "aware" of how much I smoke and consciously try to keep it to less than half a pack a day. I also have severe clinical depression and anxiety and definitely used smoking as a way to cope with intense situations. I also smoke weed with tobacco and found that I was smoking 5x as much weed as I really wanted to because I don't smoke cigarettes after I've smoked weed. Essentially I handicap the addiction and try to get my fix smoking bowls with weed and tobacco. This never really satisfies me so I smoke a bunch in a row to try and feel satisfied. I realized I was in no way chasing a "weed high" as there is no real reason to chase a "weed high" but I was absolutely chasing the nicotine addiction. 

Two weeks ago I got Champix because a few of  my friends successfully quit while using it. I started taking it but I am notoriously bad with taking pills daily and missed a few doses. In the past two weeks I have smoked three cigarettes as well as smoking only 4 - 6 bowls a day that have tobacco in them - if I want to smoke more, I smoke it without tobacco. I am sort of proud that I've only smoked three full cigarettes, not super happy I'm still smoking tobacco with my weed but feel okay that I've at least cut it down a lot. 

What I did not realize are the severity of withdrawal symptoms even while taking Champix and I absolutely believe Champix is curbing the cravings on a daily basis as in the past I've never gone longer than two days without smoking. However I am so extremely exhausted. I wake up exhausted. I need to nap by mid day. I have very little motivation for the very few things I found interest in (I already deal with a level of depression that causes little interest) and would almost rather lay in bed the entire day listening to podcasts. Since I suffer from depression, leading up to today I had this great fear that because I felt \_so\_ bad that I was probably headed into a really hard depressive episode which led to anxiety about it happening. I couldn't figure out why I felt this way at all. 

Today I knew my level of exhaustion wasn't normal. I considered going back to the doctor and telling him that my depression was becoming an overwhelming problem again. Then I searched "quitting smoking, exhausted" and had hundreds if not thousands of posts and studies and helpline websites from people talking about the symptoms they experienced after they stopped smoking. I realized I completely underestimated "quitting". I defined it as just not smoking anymore but did not take into account that this drug can cause serious issues when you don't take it anymore. My depression is triggered (but not unbareable) and the lack of motivation and fatigue is aggravating it a lot. I am still trying though! And I feel a bit better that I am not actually going crazy or headed into some terrible unknown cause of a depression and these are merely symptoms. I feel sort of back in control of myself. 

Mostly just wanted to share my realization at 3AM since no one is awake to hear it otherwise. 

tl;dr I thought I was depressed but I'm just quitting smoking. 