Excited to have my lungs (and cash) back

I love this subreddit! I've been reading through tons of posts and it's making me excited about not smoking anymore.

I started smoking when I was 16 or so. Now I'm 24 and smoke about a pack a day. Mostly out of boredom (half hour commute to work), and during stressful situations. 

Maybe it's because I've been dealing with a stupid summer cold, but I've decided to quit smoking. Because cold + cigs = most painful lungs ever. It's just plain dumb and honestly, I like money and want to keep it in my bank account instead of spending $8 a day on smokes. Plus I like to do fun things like hike, kayak, bike, ski... and smoking is NOT helping my lung capacity. Ick.

To help me quit, I've started Chantix today. I've researched it a bunch, read lots of Chantix stories on reddit, and have talked with my doctor about the possible mental health implications. I've got a healthy mental health history, and I don't have any major problems to get me down really, aside from being a smoker, so I'm optimistic that I can make it through at least a month of Chantix. I'm a little worried about turning into a raging witch, but after making it through several years on hormonal birth control, I feel like I can deal. I just need a little boost to not smoke cigs, and I don't want to quit smoking with nicotine. I've quit cold turkey for a short time a couple of years ago, but fell back into smoking when I had a stressful job at a TV news station.

I think my biggest hurdle will be that my boyfriend smokes. He wants to quit, too, but for the time being, I will be trying to quit while he's still smoking. That will be tough. We live together and cigs will be readily available.

Anyway, sorry this is getting long. Do you have any advice for me to kick this stupid, expensive addiction? My biggest worry is that I won't know what to do with myself during the times that I would normally smoke (on car rides, after meals, while drinking, etc.). What did you do to fill the void? And any input on riding the Chantix crazy train is appreciated. I've heard lots of horror stories, but, I'm still optimistic.

TL;DR: Been smoking for 8 years or so. Quitting smoking with Chantix. Looking for support. 