103 Days and Counting - Here are some tips that helped me!

Hey,
Firstly I'd just like to say thank you to all who are a part of this community, i was a lurker for a long time and reading peoples success and failure stories kept me motivated throughout my whole journey. I thought I would share my story and what i found helped me be successful. Just a bit of a back story, I had smoked about 20 a day for 7 years consistently and had never had a prolonged period of quitting before but so far I've managed 103 days cold-turkey.

Before quitting I read Alan Carr's Easy Way to Stop Smoking book, and at first I was very skeptical, yet I believe it was extremely useful in clearly outlining how to approach your quit (if you don't want to buy it you can find a pdf online). I found that setting a quitting date just set me up to fail, instead you should stop when you feel you're ready and not to see your last cigarette as giving up anything, instead you're reclaiming your health! 

When I decided to quit I found that not telling anyone I had quit until i made it to the first week was beneficial because I was quitting for myself, nobody else. Although some of you might be quitting for families etc, you need to truly want to quit and not feel pressured to it by anyone else. I made sure I had the weekend free from stressful activities and quit on Friday evening just before bed so by the time i woke up i had an 8 hour headstart. The first few days were awful but because I cleaned my schedule I was able to avoid all actives that would make me want to smoke.

Also, I made sure I downloaded the Smoke Free app on my phone so I could keep track of the milestones. You should celebrate every milestone no matter how little you think it might be, because it is an achievement that you should be proud of. I found the cravings were quite intense for a week, but I had to keep reminding myself I was doing this for myself. By the end of the month I knew I would never smoke again because of how wonderful I felt as I could smell more and breathe easier and hadnt wasted all that money. 

In regards to activities that made me want to smoke, such as work I found that going outside for fresh air helped get rid of the cravings. Also I found buying gum and chewing on that throughout the day made me forget about the cravings as my mouth was busy. When it came to drinking I waited until I had a few weeks smoke free behind me until I knew i wouldnt smoke when i drank. I also found that joking around about smoking with my friends who still smoked made me more accountable to myself, and also saw my friend encouraging me the further along my quit I got. 

Finally I found that every day when I woke up in the morning just by looking at how far Id been without a cigarette, or signing onto the subreddit and reading both success and failure stories kept me motivated on my journey, and I can assure you every day I woke up I felt more accomplished with myself! Also I found by checking a timeline of what happens when you quit smoking to bodies healing process keeps you motivated. It does get easier I promise!

Thanks for taking the time to read my post, and I hope that the things that helped me quit smoking can help you!
