Almost managed a whole day

I've smoked for just over 12 years, about 20 a day, and have never managed to stop before. I started Allen carrs book last year but only read the first few chapters, and then a bereavement and other stuff happened and it got put away and forgotten about, I got the point of what it was saying though. The last week or so I feel like I've had that psychological change that I actually want to really stop and I'm not afraid to try it if that makes sense? I've never felt like this before when I've thought about stopping. 

Last week I decided I would stop Monday, however Monday came around and I hadn't finished my tobacco so I had 5 roll ups spread over the course of the day, with the last one at night. This morning (Tuesday) put a patch on first thing, and made it through the day actually relatively easily. Had quite a few moments where I thought "I need a smoke" but then just thought "oh yeah I don't do that anymore". I'd even stocked up on lots of healthy snacks to try and get me through cravings but hadn't touched them by dinner time.

At dinner time I had a bit of a setback though. I'm a single parent to a two and four year old so it can be stressful at the best of time (think "stop throwing your food on the floor/stop climbing on your sister/sit nice or you're going to fall and hurt yourself/just eat your f***n dinner") and when it was added to the biggest craving I'd had all day for a nice smoke after my dinner I just lost it. Shouted at the kids, then apologised to them and gave them a cuddle, called my mum to ask if I could get one of her cigarettes. 

I'll be honest I don't regret it, I hated how I couldn't keep my cool with the kids and imagined bedtime would be a similar situation to dinner. And I'm glad I just called her and got one cigarette, if I'd had to I would have gone and bought a pack and then would have smoked 20 instead of one. 

So if anyone has any tips on dealing with quitting and looking after little ones on your own, please share! I'm going to have to seriously think up an alternative to an after dinner smoke so I'm not a raging monster trying to put them to bed.

I've been looking at this sub for just over a week now and it's so encouraging to see people's posts.
