Things they don't tell you about the Patch

This is for anyone thinking about using the patches:

I was up to a pack-a-day, and while I pride myself on my willpower in other areas of my life, it fell woefully short of being able to handle that addiction. So when I finally had enough reasons to quit, I went straight for the patch.

The patch deals with the physical addiction, freeing up some willpower and energy to fight the mental one. My concern was that if quitting didn't suck, I'd relapse.

It sucked. You all know this. What people who haven't used the patch don't know, is that it's a 2-inch square of "what the fuck" side-effects. 

I have an iron stomach. And for the first 3 days I wore it (21mg), I threw up about an hour after putting a new patch on. For the next hour. That starts to go away after a few days though. And the nausea is actually helpful - you don't even want to think about cigarettes.

It was explained to me that this happens because when you smoke and "naturally" put nicotine in your system, you start your day with a low level, having not smoked while sleeping (if you have, you HAVE a problem), and gradually work your way up as the day goes. The patches are designed to keep the level constant throughout the day, and that initial spike is pretty brutal until you get used to it.

Another weird side effect is horrifying and vivid dreams (again, because most people aren't used to having massive amounts of nicotine in their systems while asleep). I'm not talking spiders, or sharks, or whatever people are afraid of in that scale; I'm talking, images of people I love and care about getting hurt in ways that made me want to go for therapy. And where most people forget what they were dreaming about before they're through their morning shower, these stay with you.

These also get better after about a week. The dreams stay vivid, but get less terrifying. 


Bottom line, if you're thinking about quitting and want to try the patches, go for it. They suck, but they work. If quitting takes 100 in willpower, and you have like 95, they will bring it down to 94. You're still red-lining, but you can handle it. 

And if you do, start on a Saturday and take Monday off work.

Hope this was helpful.

Anyone else have weird/brutal side effects with the patches? Just curious

Edit/Addition #1:

* When you're on the patch, do NOT use any other forms of nicotine, to include vape's, lozenges, gum, dip, or actually smoking. DEFINITELY don't wear more than one patch. The amount of nicotine that a single patch puts in your system is ridiculously high, and I could only *barely* handle it as a pack-a-day smoker. There's a warning on the box that says it will kill a large dog. Seriously.
Also, I stupidly put a lozenge in while wearing the patch (Friday), and 4 minutes later felt like I was having a mild panic attack. I spit it out, drank a shitload of water, and felt fine again 5 minutes after that.

* Every day, when you put on a new patch, put it in a different spot. I go left forearm, left bicep, right forearm, right bicep - then restart the cycle. Gives the skin 3 days to repair itself, and I don't get any of the tanning/soreness issues.
Stay way from locations close to blood vessels, or it will hit you even harder. 

