I never knew how disgusting cigarettes were until I quit

Alright Reddit. Thought I’d post my little story here for anyone who is interested. 

A little background first - I’m 23 approaching 24 and have been smoking since I was 18. In that time, I’ve been on between 15 and 20 a day and I loved smoking. I never thought I would quit and, to be truthful, never really wanted to. 

Last year, my fiancée’s father was diagnosed with throat cancer as a result of smoking. Through this, he has had his voice box removed and is now unable to talk. Thankfully, he’s now finished chemotherapy and radiotherapy and has a newfound appreciation for life. His wife, my fiancée’s mother, has tried to quit but has been unable to do so, and still smokes. 

This scared me. We are all aware of the health risks that our little devil sticks pose but for me, I had never seen anyone be affected. We all think we are untouchable. This was the spark that inspired me to quit. I refuse to use nicotine patches or gum and tried cold turkey. Managed about a day, each time, before I crumbled and off to the shop I trotted. I should note that financial reasons are part of my inspiration for quitting. 

A couple of weeks ago, I got myself a vape. It was a cheap one and was terrible. I continued to smoke despite having it. 

Then I decided to improve the vape and got myself a better one where I could actually taste the flavour. Since purchasing this, I have had two cigs. One was on my way home late at night and I had this because I was driving a long distance and it helped me to focus. It was fine, and I loved it. This was the day after I got the new vape. 

Today, after 11 days of not smoking, I was feeling grumpy. I’m getting chubbier, because my appetite has gone through the roof. The vape looks stupid and all I wanted was a nice smoke. So, under the guise of going to post wedding invitations, I pottered down to the post office and got those invitations posted, and picked up a nice pack of fags. I hurried home, excited to return to normality and get that sweet tobacco smoke inside me!

Wow. It was terrible. I couldn’t even finish it! Even after brushing my teeth, chewing gum and another vape, the foul taste lingers and makes me feel nauseous. It is unspeakably bad, a taste of burnt paper and chemicals. Needless to say, they are gone. 

I can say with certainty that I never want another cigarette. And a month ago, I could never have said that. 

Vaping is fun. The tastes are cool and it pleases me to have a nice collection of juices. I don’t really understand the techy stuff, but I am happy with the setup that I have. 

For those interested, I am using an Endura T18-II on its strongest setting with Vampire Vape juices. I currently like the flavours Vamp Toes, Pinkman and Vanilla Tobacco. It takes some getting used to, but I heartily recommend it to anyone trying to quit. I use it like I would cigarettes - outside only and not constantly and I find that this works for me. 

TL;DR - I’m using a vape and cigarettes taste like arse