Quit Smoking Subscription Box

Hey everybody.  I’ve been scouring this sub-reddit for months and I’ve been inspired by people’s success stories and the support of this entire community.  My grandpa finally quit smoking after 58 years and he's been off cigarettes going on 6 months now!  While he was trying to quit I was researching ways to help him since he is basically computer illiterate and getting him hooked up to an online community was not going to be easy.   Other then the standard articles online, and tips for how to rearrange your home, I was shocked with the lack of products or services that were designed for helping people quit.  

So, my friend and I have designed and produced a monthly subscription box to help people in the on-going struggle that is quitting smoking.  The boxes contain many natural products to help with cravings and deal with withdrawal symptoms.  From ginger tea and ginger chews that help with nausea to Ginseng and St-John’s Wort to help with the cravings.  Grape seed extract, multi vitamins, even liquorice sticks all rotate through our boxes so you get new items every month to see what works best for you.  The box also includes easy at home yoga routines, workouts, simple recipes etc that help for dealing with cravings.  Every month you will receive stories of other members successes and hardships and hear about what has personally helped them the most. 

If you guys are interested, or know someone for whom this box might help, we’d really appreciate it if you went and quickly signed up on our [launch page](https://lastpax.com).  We have been making them for friends and family at this point with no thought of cost.  We want to reach a bigger audience and help more people.  Our goal is to be the one stop shop for everything that helps for quitting smoking. 

Please let us know what you think is a fair price for a product like this.  **We are targeting anywhere between $59 - $99 a month which is less than a carton of smokes.**  

Any feedback at all is much appreciated!  Thanks everybody.  [Our website can be found here](https://lastpax.com)