They cost more than my truck....

Time too quit. Again.....



However i have motivation this time. Rebudgeting my expenses and the love of my first child.


When i first found out my wife was pregnant i sat at the table and drew up the budget. A week after he was born i realize how naive i was; my budget is way off."Man ,this baby is expensive. Gotta redue the budget." I found the problem. I use to say I was a two pack a day smoker, it was actually 3. I never counted the 3rd pack because there is always a few left in there for the morning. Lied to myself and believed it. Bad part is the lie was obvious and stupid. The tobacco screwed up my budget not the baby.


I started when i was 14, im 29 now. (Holy shit, I am only 29 and have smoked more than half my life). Anyways, wasn't much at first but by the time i was a senior in highschol i was at pack a day, plus a can of copenhagen. Joined the marine corps, quit during bootcamp (not by choice). Should have taken that giftthey gave me and ran with it but I didnt. Picked them back up in Iraq, instantly went to 2-3 packs a day. I was infantry so we did a lot of patroling and long nights, at times it would be more like 4-5 packs and a few cans of dip so i could try to stay awake. Ive been out now for 6 years but still have the habit. Not only do i still have it but I found an equally stressful and and arguably just as dangerous job that helps fuel my habit. I pretty much live in a pressure cooker because i love to. But damn does it make it hard to quit tobacco.


This wont be easy but im determined, it has been 16 hours cold turkey. Feeling good, i have beat some real hard jonesing already. Even walked into a gas station after a good dinner and didnt buy any tobacco.

Just got to remember this simple math problem. 

$7.50×3×30=$675 a month. My truck payment is $400. Cant complain about money when i spend more than 20% of my income on a dried leaf. This number doesnt even count dipping (quiting that too, i just havnt fone the math on it, only a couple cans a week for that.)

Im going to try and stay active on this sub. Ive been reading alot of post and yall seem to really help each other out. Thank you for reading.

(Please dont thank me for my military service. Just telling a story is all and praise is far from what im looking for.)