Anyone else extremely OCD about their quit date?

Hi, everyone! I’m wondering if anyone has experienced a problem similar to mine. 

Just a little backstory about my quitting history: This past New Year’s Eve 2017/2018 I quit smoking. I was smoke free for ten months. It felt great! I was proud of my resilience. I started running, I had more free time, and I was excited about all the new possibilities for my health. It was wonderful. Cigarette cravings were few and far between. Until this past Saturday and I had the urge so strong I didn’t know what to do with myself. I guess it comes in cycles. Maybe it was the change of the seasons. Whatever. There was alcohol involved, of course. Three days later and I’m almost finished with my second pack. I feel incredibly ashamed and disappointed with myself, but that’s beside the point. I felt like quitting again the morning after the night I smoked, and I knew I could, but I kept telling myself, oh, 2 and a half more months and this year will be over and you can quit again on New Year’s. Just smoke until then. 

YOLO. 
Well shit. 

I know it’s probably junkie thinking but I’ve never been able to just quit in the middle of the month, or week, or day. I am very OCD about quitting at the first of the month, or on a Sunday, or midnight, and preferably I’d choose a combo of all three. I think this previous quit attempt (my longest so far) was so successful because it was on New Year’s. Last year I attempted to quit many times (usually at the beginning of the month or whatever) and I never lasted longer than a month. Why can’t I just quit tomorrow? I mean, I know I could, but I think it would always itch at me. Like, I would justify just starting again and picking a more optimal quit time. 

Anyway, anyone else experiencing this? Anyone have any advice for me or anyone else struggling? Best of luck to all of you badasses on your quit journeys. 

TLDR; recently started smoking again in the middle of October after being quit since New Years. I’ve never been able to justify just quitting the next day. Feels like I have to go hard or go home until the end of the year or whatever. Anyone else feel like this? 