Day 19!

I quit cold turkey and it has been really easy so far. This is not my first attempt to quit smoking. It has always been very difficult even one hour after quitting smoking and i did not manage to do it. But this time i try to use the power of my mind. So, what am i doing to make it easy?

1. Watch Allen Carr's video or read his book.

2. Believe completely that smoking is not an enjoyable activity. The thing that makes us think that way is the addiction. And the activities that we think is good with smoking is good without smoking too. I see now it is absolutely true, but first you need to believe this and there must be no doubt. When you doubt your brain will use this fact to make you smoke again! Your brain will tell you drinking coffee without a cigarette is sucks, come on smoke a cigarette.

3. Take craving to smoke as a problem. (Yes it is a problem because there is not a thing that you always crave other than smoking)
Ok, we need to solve this problem. You have 2 options. Smoke or not smoke. If you smoke your problem will be solved for just one hour! After that time you will crave to smoke again. So it is not an actual solution. But if you dont smoke for a couple of days your cravings will decrease. Try to remember that every time you want to smoke. "Ok if i smoke know, i will relax but after one hour i will need to smoke again. So smoking know means smoking always. I need to get rid of this shit"

4. You need to believe that the thing that making your cravings like hell is your brain not your nicotine addictions. Believe this %100, no doubt. Dont forget. Nicotine addiction makes you crave for a cigarette but does not make you go crazy.

5. Take a walk break instead of a smoking break.
6. Download a smoke free app to keep motivated.


Managing your thoughts is the key point. You can trust me. In this 19 days period i have not craved for a cigarette so much, lets say not more than 6 out of ten. It is unbelievable when you think that i have smoked for ten years,  one pack a day for seven years and one and half pack a day for three years! 



