1 day and 12 hours I went withouth a cigarette.

And few minutes ago I smoked one. I was telling to myself that nothing will change if I light one up, my day will not get better, I will not be in a better mood or something else. 
Never the less I smoked. I have the e-cigarette, I did not even consider to ease my craving with that, I just straight up smoked Marlboro red.
I feel like shit. I never had more will power to stop than now, and I even don't know if that is enough.

I keep thinking of excuses why I should smoke. It's unbelievable to me (when I look at it as objectiv as possible) with what kind of shit my brain comes up with.
"It's saturday today, why don't you buy yourself a pack and quit like every other normal human being on monday."
"You can't quit normally if you don't buy the full version of the app "SmokeFree", you NEED the full version to quit properly."

I have so many triggers, I'm afraid to leave the apartment. I don't want to tell my family that I'm quitting since i disapointed every human being that I care for with my announciations that I'm quitting.
This is probably the most I've been without a cigarette in the last 6 years. 
Sometimes when I was at home alone on a Sunday withouth any cigarettes and no place to buy a pack, I would, for real, pull out a FUCKING CIGARETTE BUTTS out of an ashtray just to puff a few hits to feel better.
I was diagnosed with non curable illness two weeks ago, and this is one of the biggest reasons that I'm quitting. Because I know if I continue to smoke, I will suffer, and that is not even the biggest problem for me. What scares me is that the people around me will suffer. It's terrifying.
And, sorry for a rant right now, I'm not even sure why I'm writting this.
I'm just wondering am I big enough piece of shit to continue with smoking, knowing that it will bring only pain ans suffering to me and my family.
Honestly, I never did heroin or some other hard drugs, but this feels just like it.
It feel like I'm trying to go off heroin, not some legal (unfortunately) drug that you can buy at every corner.
If I knew it would be this hard, I would avoid cigarettes in miles in my youth.
Sorry for the bible long text, I guess i just need to express my frustration somewhere.

Lots of luck to you all.