20+ per day for 23 years - here's to now being a non-smoker for two whole years!

I've been a non-smoker now for two years, after smoking 20+ a day for 23 years. I used nicotine gum for the first two weeks to take the edge off, then went cold turkey. I lost count of how many times I previously tried, but as they say, the only quit that counts is the one that sticks. 

Some thoughts and reflections I'd like to share: 

For those of you just beginning your journey, I promise you that things only get easier from where you are now - hold that knowledge close. The changes you undergo during this healing process are incredible, and at times massively confronting. Losing smoking as a crutch was for me a chance to really get to know myself for the first time. I was a child when I started, and a middle-aged dude when I finally stopped. Who I'd become in those intervening decades was a bit of mystery to me thanks to nicotine addiction. 

Without the subconscious pacifier that smoking represented, I was forced to learn new coping mechanisms, new approaches to self expression and a new sense of self-worth. The horrible thing about being an addict is that it makes you frame yourself constantly as a slave and a victim. Finding out that you can achieve happiness without being either of those things can be both scary and incredibly empowering.

Since quitting, my life has changed immeasurably. Aside from the tens of thousands of dollars I've saved, I'm basically a new person. Physically, I went from 25% body fat to around 10%, Lost three inches off my waist, yet still maintained my ideal body weight. My entire diet changed as my taste buds returned. Twelve months into my quit I really wasn't enjoying the taste of meat and had virtually stopped eating it without even realising it. I've been a "lazy" vegetarian for 18 months now. Six months after that I stopped drinking, because fuck hangovers. 

Exercise always seemed a chore when I smoked. I now crave it. I workout six days a week for at least an hour or two, and have even run a few half marathons. I'm not as fast as I was as a youngster, but I'm fairly close, managing to get my 1.5 mile time down to 10 minutes flat. Discovering what my body can really do has been a blast, and the endorphin rush that exercise provides is a natural high like no other.

One thing that isn't often talked about is the impact of smoking on our joints. I battled chronic back pain for as long as I smoked, and since quitting, my back has improved immeasurably. I was that guy that could barely tie his shoes in the morning - now I hardly even think about my back. 

Also, my skin improved massively - no more dark shadows and sallow pale grey nastyness. A whole bunch of wrinkles just seemed to up and fade away. My teeth and gums are also so much healthier, and no more death breath. No lie, I look and feel ten years younger. Heading into my 40s looking and feeling younger than I did in my 30s is a massive reward for that battle to quit. 

Now, I won't lie, It has definitely been tough. Even two years later I still get the odd craving, but they are much like the feeling you get when you think of a long lost ex lover - more like a reminiscence than a physical yearning. I've fundamentally changed as a person, and still struggle from time to time to navigate the person I've become, but damn it's worth it. Looking back at who I was, I just feel so very sorry for that guy. I put myself through hell for way too long.

Saying that, I still feel genuinely lucky that I managed to quit when I did. Dying a slave to nicotine would've been such a waste, especially knowing that the power to change was right there in my hands the whole time. 

Anyway, rant over. I just want to wish all you new quitters the best of luck. You're all doing an amazing thing for yourselves, and YES, you totally deserve it! Don't ever doubt that!