Your world is full of enemies trying to take you out, don’t allow addiction to enslave your own desires and become your own adversary

&amp;#x200B;

https://i.redd.it/azevchcm0kd31.jpg

To the smoker reading this: 

There was a time I never thought that I would be able to abstain from smoking for more than a few hours, much less over three months. If you are reading this then then I assume you are familiar with those two voices inside your head, the junkie craving the sweet release of nicotine and the spirit working working to keep you alive and health. Both are very persuasive aren't they, both calling to you act out their wishes, almost biblically symbolic of a demon and an angel battling for your soul. To forgo those evil (yes evil) desires that your mind has become trained to consume, is hard, it is very, very hard, and there will inevitably be pain. Your brain will play tricks on you if you go without for long enough: *my life is rough, my childhood was bad, I can't handle my shit unless I have a cigarette*. But playing a victim, will get you nowhere and you know that too, it's that weakness inside you giving into temptation. And that's OK, it is truly OK, because the secret is we all have that voice inside our head whispering enticing and alluring us down the dark path, seducing us to the instant gratification of the moment that will never ever fulfil us no matter how much we indulge. 

I *know* that voice will never leave my head, for as long I live. I will never be able to see another cigarette and not want to light up, there's no going back, I'll have to live with that forever. But you know something else, each time you ignore the devil and choose the path of salvation instead, his voice gets quieter and quieter until eventually it's no longer a deafening shout but a pathetic little mumble, decreasing in volume with each passing second. For those atheists out there forgive the biblical analogies, I'm simply phrasing my thoughts in a way that will be understood.

It isn't unnatural to dread the effort of this challenge, but the pain isn't something that should be feared, but embraced, because the fight makes you stronger. My fight with addiction will never end, it will be with me forever, and while I haven't accomplished as much as some of the other contributors on this sub, whose achievements far outweigh that of my own, speaking as someone who's made it though the hardest part, that dark little pit of hell where your corrupted mind, body and soul are working to destroy themselves, the fight is the most important part. The fight is why it's worth it. In spite of all the damage smoking has done too me I'm grateful I started smoking and I wouldn't change a fucking thing, because in refraining from those urges I have found a strength that I didn't know I possessed and in going to that dark vicious place and coming out unbroken I know now that I can overcome anything life throws my way.

This is as much of letter to myself as it is too you, a reminder of the importance of the struggle, because I was once helpless to the whims of my own impulses to and this community has been a godsend to me. I truly wouldn't have been able to achieve my goal if I didn't have the encouragement and advice of all you contributors. It never ceases to amaze me how out of such a foul and demonic substance that is nicotine how such a beautiful and supportive community can grow and prosper. We have our very own support group right at our finger tips. So when you feel those urges kicking in (and they will) come here absorb the knowledge of those who have walked the path you are going down and come out the other side.

But you already know all of this you just needed someone to remind you.

Good luck, and fight to make that pain you feel your little bitch, inconsequential and irrelevant, as it should be. I'm rooting for you!