just thought about dropping by and say hi

I just replied to someone who's into quitting atm, and I got curious about the exact time I've been cig free, since I don't remembered the exact day of my last cig, just month and year... Well, 1850 days!!! 9th of october, 2010!! I still see the cig butt flying from my fingers...   

Anyway, after thinking again about how rough the ride has been since that day, I just thought I'd give one important tip to you so you don't make the same mistake... When you're determined and you decide to take the leap... HAVE A PLAN TO KEEP YOUR WEIGHT UNDER CONTROL!!! I quit cold turkey after smoking a pack a day for 15 years. I was too happy to finally be able to defeat the cravings to pay attention to some... wanderings. 

Okay, I made it, I stopped smoking. But I compensated my cravings with food. I downed a lot of salty, greasy snacks, I ate a lot more than I was used to (cigs cut your appetite, important thing to remember..) and I took wayyy too much weight wayyyy too fast. I wieghted 65Kg/143lb before quitting, 5 months later I was weighting  79kg/174lb. that's when I decided that things were getting out of hand and I needed to do something. It was quite a struggle but I got back to 75kg after 4 years of keeping an eye on my diet. 6 months ago I got back to exercising again (after not doing shit for like 12 years) and now I have the opposite problem, I have difficulties maintaining my weight with all the calories I burn and muscles I build :) but that's a problem I'm glad I have now.  

Anyway, to the point now: when you quit, keep a good eye on your diet AND DO SOME GODDAM SPORT! run, go to the gym, ride a bicycle, go swimming... anything, but something. It helps in so many ways, not only to stay/get back in shape,(getting your lungs funcional again faster is a real treat)  it helps managing the cravings too, giving you something to concentrate on and forgetting about those nasty cigs calling you in your head.  Now I know that if I had done that 5 years ago instead of 6 months ago... things would have been a lot easier/better for me and I 'd have the body of an underwear model by now! 

So guys, believe me, if you haven't thought about it yet... make sure you have your diet and physical shape under control when you quit! And I wish you all the best in your adventure toward a cigarette-free life. You can do it!