once again my 2 cents about quitting...

hello,
I posted this a bit more than one year ago, then today was reminded about this sub so I thought I'd drop by again, say hi and send again all my best wishes to people who are in the process of quitting, or are thinking about it.  
I smoked for 16 years, more or less a pack a day. I started when I was 15 with friends at school. I tried several times over the years to quit, sometimes with patches, but I wasn't really that motivated and always ended up buying a new pack after a few days/weeks.  
5 years ago I bought the book on Allen Carr's method. I read it a few times but I still wasn't that motivated, so I failed again every time.  
2 years ago I decided that I had enough if this and said to myself that I would stop smoking. Just that. I would stop smoking and would not get any kind of nicotinic substitutes, because it would only delay the unavoidable. In the end I think that Carr's book finally had an effect on my way of seeing things.  
so on october 9th, 2010 I smoked my last cigarette, and after that never looked back. Of course the first days and weeks were a nightmare in terms of keeping calm and polite, the inner fight against the craving was a tough one. But it got better and better each day, I was getting the use of my taste buds back, I wasn't having my chronic sinuses problems any more, I was breathing deeper and better...  
One of the key thing that helped me hold tight and not give up was that after a few weeks, cigarette smoke had its original smell back, the smell it had when I started smoking, when I had to get into the "cool habit", forcing the smoke into my lung and holding it while suppressing the coughing and fighting the dizziness... so every time I was near a cigarette smoker this memory of when I started was coming back to me, making me think "No way I'm going back through all of this"  
Only downside to stopping is that I took some weight, took 15 kgs (30lbs) in the first 5 months and since then I managed to lose 4 kgs (6lbs). But this is really unsignificant compared to the benefits of having quit!  
What I want to say today here is: if you want to quit or are in the process of quitting, it's OK if you don't succeed at first. The important thing is not falling, it's getting back on your feet. Each try is getting you closer to success.  
In my opinion you shouldn't use nicotinic substitute. The best way (obviously the best IMO since it's the one that worked for me) is to quit once and for all. You smoke your last cigarette and you're done with it. that's it. Don't make things take too much time, one day or another you'll have to quit substitutes to get rid of nicotin, so why spend more money on nicotin? just stop it!  
And when you stop, make sure you get enough physical exercise! I didn't and compensated my cravings with snacks and junk food... now I have a healthy diet and do some exercise, but I wish I had taken the habit right away after quitting...  
Last but not least: you can do it!!! who's awesome? you're awesome! believe in yourself, do not mind the bad temper you'll get for the first few weeks and do it!