3 weeks no cigs - things that have helped me

hi all,

So I'm using this app called smoke free and it sets you daily 'missions'.  Today's is to share what's helped me stop for 3 weeks now.  So here goes:

1 - making the decision that I wanted to stop and not seeing it as something i was being deprived of.  The control helped me feel that this was a choice and not an imposition.

2 - I did a juice cleanse for the first 3 days where I couldn't eat anything - just drink fresh juiced veg/fruit.  I was so HUNGRY that I literally did not even think of cigs.  It really surprised me how much more I was addicted to food than cigs and I'm 20 a day smoker for 17 years.  That really helped in a weird way.

3 - commiting to an exercise programme and trying to outdo myself everyday on the day before.  Every day felt like a bigger step in the right direction.

4 - constantly reminding myself that stopping smoking was an act of self care and facing up to that responsibility of looking after my body.  That helped and helped me to develop a sense of self esteem I didn't have before.

5 - have a partner who smokes.  God, after a week, the smell totally changes and it's revolting, I had no idea I smelled like that.  I mean I know I smelled, but I thought it smelled different.  Once you're not used to it anymore, it's really quite awful and I'm glad I don't smell like that anymore.

6 - putting space between me and temptation - staying away from triggers such as alcohol, nights out at the pub etc.  Why bother when you're quitting?  They'll still be there after you've stopped for a while right?

7 - avoiding friends who are likely to lead me astray.  I purposefully spent my time around people who value their health and engage in health promoting activities as opposed to smoking and drinking.  I still talk with them on the phone but I've not seen them in person.

8 - the 'smoke free' app - I've been using it, doing the missions and I like it.  I like the challenges you get every day like this one.  

So that's it guys.  I hope some of the above inspires someone else.