28 Years and the Time Has Come

I have been smoking since I was 15.  I will be turning 43 next week and have had several (spectacular failures) attempts at quitting.  I just moved to a new place where smoking is not allowed (it wasn't allowed in the old place, but my attitude was, "eff 'em") and I'm not about to get caught.  

It is VERY difficult to smoke at the new place for the following reasons:
1) It's covered in smoke detectors.  Like, seriously.
2) The only place to smoke is on the 3 season screened/ storm window porch.  The prob is that if my upstairs neighbor has her porch windows open, it's gonna waft up there and she has TONS of health problems.
3) Said porch has a beautiful view of the river.  The drawback is that there are boaters on the river and I have a perfect view of the bar across the river.  If I can see the bar hounds smoking over there, then they can see me.  Which leads to:
4) It's a village, not even a town and everyone knows everyone and if someone sees me, they'll rat me out to the landlord!
5) The next door neighbor made a little patio area on the riverbank directly UNDERNEATH my porch windows!  Imagine their surprise if they're down there, getting an "ash shower" from above...

My problem is I've never been able to go through the entire withdrawal process.  My personal best is 34.5 hours before I done last my damn mind!  This move actually has lessened my stress (it's a mentally healthier environment) and I noticed that instead of smoking my usual 30-45 cigarettes a day, I smoked 20 or less in the past 3 days.  

I am on vacation starting on Thursday and my plan is to curl up in a ball in front of the t.v. with juice, my journal and laptop to come here and other stop smoking sites.  I even bookmarked the Stop Catmaggedon page because it's not fair that I am poisoning my little cat.  

Sorry for being long-winded, but if quitting were easy, I'd not have continued the addiction for 28 years.  Quitting drinking was a walk in the freaking park.  The only solace I have right now is knowing that at least nicotine withdrawal can't kill you, but alcohol withdrawal can... any advice or cheerleading is encouraged & thank you if you managed to read all of my long-windedness...