Day 4. Am I ready for this? Do I want it enough? I'm not sure.

I've cold-turkeyed up to this point. Supposedly the nicotine should be out of my system now. I guess all that nicotine has been masking an angry she-demon with the attention span of a 4 year old.

Today has been terrible. I quit five years ago for two months and I don't remember it being this bad. 

Day 1 was spacey day. Day 2 was more of the same---honestly I don't even remember day 2.  Day 3 was super sad day.  Day 4, today, has been angry / hate the world day. 

I don't know how I ever did this before. I'm worried right now that I didn't decide to quit with enough conviction to carry me through the blues and emptiness that I feel right now.  

I decided last week that I need to listen to my conscious more--that rational voice in my head that knows that smoking is bad for me. Since smoking is the most irrational thing I do on a regular basis, it seemed like a good place to start. But this whole idea of of listening to my conscious voice more was just a whim, just an idea set upon me for a moment. Not a bad idea, maybe even a good idea, but not one that I spent much time thinking about.  Now here I find myself 4 days later wondering how I got to feeling so truly miserable. 

I feel very empty and depressed without cigarettes. I've probably been self-medicating with cigarettes for a long time. Right now I don't feel like I thought this out properly before just deciding to go off my meds, so to speak. 

I know most of these things are just my addict brain trying to get me to pick up a cigarette, but I feel so truly unhappy right now and I don't feel like I even made the decision to quit smoking exactly....I made some other decision to *act* more rationally. But to err is human? 

Agh, sorry for the ramble. I'm just really desperate for this day to end.  I don't know why it's so bad. The only thing I can think is that I didn't walk into this quitting with enough inner strength and conviction.  I feel like I quit on a whim or as a secondary thought---like someone that quits because they had to for a moment, not someone whose heart is really in it.

Tired of it hurting.  That's all I got.