Day 26: Some gratitude from a grumpy quitter

I've posted on here a few times through my 26 day journey, which has been downright shit. So far I've only posted to vent or rant, hoping someone will pity me or something.  As much as this has been hard, harder than I thought it would be, I thought it might be good to post a couple of benefits I've seen already in my short journey (in no particular order):

1) My life feels "tidier". I don't know how or why but I'm literally more orderly. It's subtle but I think cigarettes have made me a little careless. I'd come back from a smoke break and just sort of toss a lighter or pack of cigarettes after probably having littered a cigarette butt. Now that I'm not committing these sins, I find that I'm also not tossing things around as much in general and my life is tidier.

2) Smell and Taste. The rumors are true. Food does taste good and my neighborhood smells like piss.

3) I've been running for a little while as a smoker.  I could run some distances but my pace was always pretty poor and I've wanted to improve it without much success. Now almost every time I've gone for a run, I've PR'ed my run and/or PR'ed other parts of my run, like my 1-mile and 2-mile times. I'm able to really make some improvements on pace and I'm not winded like I would be when I smoked. 

4) I can feel the wind better .... ok this one kind of creeped me out and it could just be that I'm more mindful and not a physical difference, but I actually think the improved circulation has made me notice the wind and other sensations better throughout my body.

5) It makes me want to make other positive changes in my life. 

6) I don't smell bad. My clothes don't smell bad. 

7) MY SKIN IS SO MUCH MORE HYDRATED AND IMPROVING SO MUCH... ok, this also relates to #5 because I started drinking 3 liters of water a day religiously since I quit.  My skin is noticeably happy about these changes.  I think my skin would improve anyway because smoking dehydrates but between quitting and the extra hydrating, things are really starting to improve, and I could not be more thrilled.

8) I'm proud of myself. 

9) It's nice to not feel edgy because I "*need*" a cigarette.  I have more peace now.

There's more but I'm sleepy now.

In the scheme of things, that's a lot of improvements for 26 days. I'm impatient and want it faster, but I know it will get there in its own time. 

Best of luck everyone.