My personal list of negative experience from chainsmoking. Maybe it will help some of you.

Keep in mind I am a chainsmoker, it started quickly because of my OCD and the calming habit of inhaling smoke. The headrush was also a bonus until it stopped happening.

These are my personal experiences, I'm not to sure about the medical stuff behind it.
I'm 19 and I've been chainsmoking since 16 because I had bad anxiety and at first it temporarily relieved it, but then that went away. I am currently at two cartons a week.

(1) Water doesn't fix dry throats anymore. It feels almost as though my water is sliding against a wall of tar in my throat
as it goes down.

(2) I wake up from coughing fits, and choke on tar flavored plhegm during sleep.

(3) My teeth are yellow, weirdly my nails are not. (Yes, I do brush regularly.)

(4) I have burned myself many many times.

(5) My anxiety/intrusive thoughts are more prevelant.

(6) The roof of my mouth is always in pain.

(7) I cough up black chunks of tar which are mostly not phlegm sometimes outside of the shower, but mostly in the shower. Then dark
brown chunks of tar throughout the day.

(8) When I get sick, coughing is a nightmare of pain.

(9) If I'm ever in a situation where I can't smoke I get very on edge.

(10) I am short of breath over even the least effortful movements. Sometimes I'm short of breath just laying in bed.

(11) If I see or think about a cigarette (even on television) when I'm in a place where I can't smoke,it's my goal to get one until I 
get one.

(12) I can't blow up balloons without being in pain.

(13) I often get heartburn and my stomach feels like lava.

(14) I get headaches ALL of the time.

(15) My breath always smells like an ashtray. Tastes like it too.

--

(16) My friends disapprove and I have no choice but to do it around them and burden them. Not only by using it near them, but I also
smell like it all the time.

(17) My car smells like cigarettes, and any non-smoker that gets in my car has to deal with that. Same for my bedroom, probably the whole
second floor of my home.

(18) My air vents and unused parts of my room get layers of cigarette "dust" and I have to clean it often.

(19) I spend hundreds of dollars on cigarettes monthly.