Husband won't stop lying about smoking, gaslights me and this last time is quite unbearable to resist having a smoke (258 days off)

I am having a really hard time right now and I haven't thought about smoking as a coping method in several months. About 4-5 months ago I would kiss him and he would taste like an ashtray and I would ask him if he had been smoking, he would lie and say he didn't know what I was talking about. Another time he came home reeking of it and again he said I must be smelling his friend's cigarette smoke as they left work. Finally he was outside in the front of the house and I got up for whatever reason to check on him. I see him in a cloud of smoke, I smell it-- ask him if was smoking. He said no, no he wasn't. I walk over to where he had been standing and in the rain is a lit cigarette still smoking.

That ended pretty badly.

Now this past week has been a nightmare for other reasons than just smoking and all because he is a horrible liar (thank God it's not about another woman). I caught him again with another pack of cigarettes in his car. He keeps lying to me about it and won't be honest. It's so hard for me because his dad just died of lung cancer last year and it was horrible for me (not to mention the rest of his family). I watched him drown in his own blood every day more and more. I was there when he gurgled his last breath. I don't want that to happen to me, to us-- I don't want to be his mom.

And all among this I have an extremely powerful urge to smoke again. I have stood pacing in the grocery store fighting the urge to buy a pack. I'm miserable and depressed and not sure how to cope with all of this. Our therapist that we see together hasn't been validating my feeling of betrayal about this. I even took one of his cigarettes from his pack (which he's been smoking since I found them this weekend)(he won't admit that either). I'm feeling self destructive like I just want to smoke to get back at him and so I can taste it again.

I know i'm supposed to be in charge of my own addiction and everything-- but it's so hard to cope with everything right now and I keep fixating on cigarettes. I also don't know if I can stand to live around him wondering if he's smoking, etc... I don't want to be so codependent that it eats me up inside. I'm trying to keep everything together but it isn't working that great.

I don't know why I typed all this since nobody in my real life seems to care that I'm struggling. Any encouragement would be wonderful, thanks.