Whining about nothing/ Identity crisis.

So I've been feeling somewhat down in the dumps the past few days and not really doing anything. I'm quasi-unemployed- so don't have a lot on my plate..

I have always gone through periods where I want to fix everything about myself at once- like quit smoking, go on a diet, get in shape, start new hobbies- and inevitably I will start it all- see some progress and then crash and burn- binge eat and smoke a pack and revert to all former habits.. 

My quit is going well- I'm approaching my 1 month badge- WHICH IS AMAZING- I have never quit for a whole month beforeA but I've felt quite down the past week or so- like very unmotivated (I don't have to go to a job right now but I still make lists and "to-dos" for myself and stay busy with projects.. but this week I've been binge watching Game of Thrones and have only done minimum of chores/errands. 

I am eating a lot of peanut butter- lol and I know I should be spending my time better than binge watching series, but I am justifying extreme laziness and lethargy by telling myself I'm protecting my quit above all else and avoiding my obsessive self improvement tendencies that normally leads to a crash. 

So is this normal? Is this good? Should i be hitting the gym and following my instincts (that aren't really reliable) or is taking advantage of my quasi-unemployed status and anchoring my sofa to the ground a blessing in disguise? Can anyone relate? 

Aside from quasi-unemployment- The other factors are that I'm semi isolated geographically, my live-in SO has been traveling away for four weeks, and I don't have many friends nearby and I'm an expat with no family nearby. I don't have a lot of reasons to do anything besides take care of my dog and cook for myself. 

I know I'm lonely and also feeling bad about myself- I have always identified with being a smoker and I'm having an identity crisis. Peanut butter and GoT is not really me. I am also a writer and an artist but even when I go to my studio to work - nothing comes out. Nothing. 

So SO returns next Wednesday and i know he won't let me self medicate and be a lump for very long- I guess I just need some human support today. My dog doesn't have a very big vocabulary. 

Whining over. Thanks for anyone who gives me a pat on the back. 

Bonus Pet Tax: here's my [pup](https://imgur.com/a/qvtAv) Mia- I feel like I should pay a pet tax on this self indulgent whine fest. 