Nicotine free cigarettes (called Kräuterrette in German)

Hi, I stoped smoking seven years ago. Just wanted to share my experience. I have been smoking for 13 years. On a normal day I smoked about 20-25 cigarettes, during intense times my smoking could be way worse though. I really enjoyed smoking to be honest... I tried to quit a few times before, once for about 6 month, all of them missing smoking a lot.

I finally decided to stop, when I realized that I pay almost 1500€ per year for smoking. So I started to smoke said nicotine free cigarettes. This sounds stupid at first. The trick was I continued to smoke as much as I wanted. It felt weird and I craved for nicotine for maybe the first 3-4 weeks. In that time I smoked between 15-20 nicotin-free cigarettes. In that time I spend even more on them then on real cigarettes before. Then my smoking reduced all by itself, I simply didn't need to smoke so much anymore. This was a continuous process. I smoked those nicotine-free cigarettes for maybe 2 years. First said 15-20, then 10-15, then 5-10, then one/day, then one/week, then I suddenly realized I haven't smoked in month. Right now I haven't smoked one for years, even though I still follow the policie that I can smoke as much of them as I want. Sometimes I think about buying a new package, but don't at the end (a package of 20 costs 8€...).

Everyone is different, but for me this was awesome. I stopped smoking without much pain or effort. There are many theories why this works. I don't know exactly. Something about the brain relearning. After associating smoking with endorphines, the brain reconects smoking with pain in the lungs when smoking nicotin-free cigarettes.

One bad thing though: They taste like shit (that will only bother you for the first weeks though; until you get rid of the physical addiction) and smells worth (people will think you are smoking pot, I have actually been asked if I was smoking pot several times...).

One important note: Never mix nicotine-free cigarettes with nicotine gum or patches. This way you will undo all the good work the nicotine-free cigarettes did. *Edit:* Also: When trying this method: You have to give up normal cigarettes 100%! No "a just this one"! I am pretty sure this would prety much nullify all process.

Truth be told: I enjoyed smoking, but you will feel way better after stoping. Your body is under constant attack by your smoking and you will realize it after you stopped.
