Heads up/hello

Throwaway.

So I've lurked here a bit, back when I was trying to quit, which is a little over 3 years ago. I was a smoker for a total of 7 years, which is enough to develop a strong attachment to cigarettes. As you all may know, its not only about smoking, but everything else that it implies. I was even known as the smoker in my group of friends, so it was quite difficult to quit. Nonetheless I was able to do it cold turkey, and stayed like this for like months maybe. But then, at the beginning of this year I slipped. I moved to another country, in which smoking is very common, so I was constantly exposed to it. Its no excuse or anything but still after 3 years of being clean, of hating cigarettes and promising myself never to try it again, I slipped.  

At first I hated it, I hated myself, but the pleasure came right after. That cool, calm, barely noticeable feeling. I was hooked for another 3 months and I managed to quit once again. but now its reaally hard. Hardly anything motivates me, except the thought of smoking again. I dont physically feel the need but mentally, Im torn. Its all I can think of. 

Anyway I just wrote this to get it off my chest, I dont have anyone to talk to right now and I havent been able to discuss this with others. And I would also like to remind you guys, not scare you but just take it as a friendly precaution, even when you think you're done, its easy to go back to smoking again. I recently started watching house of cards, theres a line that really caught my attention. One of the characters was an alcoholic and has been sober for 15 years. Somebody offers him a drink and says "I heard you were an alcoholic" and he replies "Still am, just a sober one". I think it applies to any addiction. It really made me understand that even after 3 or 5 or 15 years, you still have to fight the urge, those things about you that made you start smoking in the first place. There is still a struggle we have to live with, and its important to fight it everyday, like the very first day we decided to quit. 