It's hard to stop because it's more than biology...it's a ritual that my soul has depended on for years.

Hello all -

I turn 30 years old in less than 3 months and I started smoking when I was 12. My single mother was mentally ill and I grew up in an environment lacking stability and nurture. I started risk taking behavior such as drug/alcohol use and sex at a young age. This is common, research shows that early life stress is a strong predictor for these behaviors in adolescents and adults. Thankfully, I was somehow able to focus on my studies and complete high school, then college, then my PhD in neuroscience. Now, I study the biological and social aspects of addiction/psychiatric vulnerability. 

I am not posting this to write about smoking from the view of the molecular basis of nicotinic effects and craving. I also don't want to write this post as a neuroscientist. I want to write about smoking from the view point of being a smoker - the viewpoint of me. I want to write about why I think putting on a nicotine patch or chewing nicotine gum will never work for me. I have not continued smoking for 18 years because of nicotine. I have continued smoking for 18 years because of the ritual. 

When I started to smoke I did it for specific reasons. My 12 year old soul was in pain. I was passed around different families and shelters my entire life. My mom was on and off manic, depressed, suicidal, homicidal, paranoid, and sometimes straight up hallucinating.  I sought to ease this pain through stubborn rebelliousness. Let's be honest - a lot of kids try smoking at some point just because they are told not to. When I started smoking I felt a sense of control over my life, I felt a sense of maturity that assured me I would be able to take care of my self even if the adults didn't. Smoking was a badge I wore that screamed "fuck off life, you will not defeat me."

But I am no longer a neglected child seeking to demonstrate independence and strength. I am now a highly educated upper middle class woman who is only surrounded by people who grew up with loving parents and plenty of resources. No one looks and me and can guess where I came from, what I have been through. They think I am one of them and in a way that kind of bothers me. Smoking grounds me to my past. In a weird twisted way, I still cling to smoking as a badge of who I am. Deep down, I resented my friends and girlfriend (now wife) for telling me I should quit - a voice in my head always responded to them "fuck off, if the worst behavior I have as as adult is smoking, I am doing pretty damn good for how far I have come". 

I always had a cup of coffee with my cigarette and I still do. Unlike most of my other casual social smokers whose favorite smoke is with a beer and friends (which I like too!), my favorite cigarette is in the morning, in the still, quiet, and brisk morning. By my self. I sit. I center. I relax with myself. I hang out with myself and we reflect on recent events, things coming up in the near future, or far away memories I don't ever speak of. 

I have practiced my ritual for 18 years. I prepare a cup of coffee. I find a nice place to sit outside. I light up. I take a sip after every single drag. I put out. I wash my hands and brush my teeth. For many years, I have only had one a day. Some years  I have about 3 aday. I always smoke more when drinking alcohol.  

I am now curious about the possibility of dissecting my ritual, understanding what it brings to my life and how it feeds my soul, and possibly.....quitting my ritual. 