Slipping - Need Advice

Hello everyone!

I made the firm decision to quit smoking 10 months ago, following a coworker’s cancer diagnosis. Her illness had nothing to do with smoking, but it made me confront how badly I was gambling with my life—in front of people fighting for theirs, to boot. 

Things went well at first. I bought a vape, so that I had an option other than buying a pack if things went south. I changed my break habits, since I tended to only smoke during work breaks or nights out. The cravings went away. I felt waaay better physically and emotionally. I didn’t smell like crap anymore. Even stopped using the vape after about a month. It was great!

Then everything that could go wrong did—at work, at home, financially, emotionally—and I bought a pack. Most of it I smoked in a two-hour window, mid-day on a Tuesday, sitting on a patch of grass, trying not to cry, having walked out of work (with boss’s approval) because I needed to collect myself after discovering a particularly brutal new thing my coworker did to sewer me. Justifiable, right? I didn’t even enjoy the second half, which I smoked quickly over the rest of the week so I’d be rid of it. 

Then I bought another pack because I was still sad. 

And then I stopped again, because I quit remember! The habit was broken! I was pleased with my self-control, even if I had a slip-up. It reminded me that this was a habit, and that I could break it. (So 5 weeks later I bought myself a pack for my birthday, as a treat! But it’s ok—I only smoked half of that one and then threw it out.)

Now (at long last) comes my issue: that little confidence boost made me cocky and too permissive with myself. Two months ago, a close friend moved back to town. He is a smoker (though also trying to cut back/quit as of late). I quit about a month before he left, and he came back about two months after my slip up. We were smoke buds and built up our relationship through those sidebar convos that were had when we stepped away from our group of friends. It’s hard not to step out with him still—I value our friendship and those times. And now I keep bumming smokes off of him... 

In his defence, he’s a true friend. He was reluctant to give me one the first 4-5 times it happened (over a period of about a month),  asking me if I was sure etc. At one point he said outright that he didn’t want to be my enabler. But I was confident and permissive—even if I ended up bumming 2 or 3 in a night, I wasn’t smoking during any other time and assured him that anyways my choices were my own. (Also, side note to say I’m not shitty about bumming smokes—I either get him a drink or his next pack because friendship.) Except that I’m now actively and continuously making terrible choices, because I smoke at least a couple with him when we hang out and this permissiveness has carried into a couple other scenarios: I’ve asked another friend if he had smokes with him (thankfully, both times, no); bought a cigarillo (twice. didn’t finish it twice.); and (once) even bought myself a pack because it was gonna be a big night out and I knew I’d want them and I didn’t want to inevitably impose. All of which makes me sound like a classic “social smoker” who needs to avoid The Night Life (TM)—except I’m super boring, don’t go out often, and those 5 situations tallied above are over a period of 3-4 months. It’s hard for me to not look forward to the times I get to have fun and try to live it up a little. But, that’s an excuse for consistently (and increasingly) poor self-control in difficult situations. I need to stop using cigarettes as a reward or to ensure an extra-special night out. And I need to stop bumming smokes from my friend!!

Do you guys have any advice on how to tackle this? I mean, I know I need to just... not smoke. But I also need to be around the people I care about. How do you guys keep yourselves in check?

Thanks in advance; we can do this!!