Reporting back to the sub. A few things I learned about craving and desire by escaping the nicotine maze.

Hello friends. This subreddit helped me to stop smoking cigarettes and now, five months after my last cigarette, I feel the need to report back on a couple of things. 

First of all, I should mention that the main tool to stop smoking I got from this subreddit was the book Easy Way by Allen Carr, a book about which I was extremely cynical and read expecting the worse. And while the tone was a bit too cheery for my cynical literary tastes, I can now say that for me it was 90% correct. What was it right about? In short: There really was no point in stopping (for me) unless I  honestly made up my mind about not wanting to smoke anymore i.e. understanding it did nothing but fill cravings it itself created.I had to realize this first, and once I did it was a different world. It was also pretty accurate about the two weeks of nicotine cravings (which I passed by chewing regular gum like a mad man, but I stopped after the two weeks). The first day I was satan incarnate. The second day I felt like hell. The third day I was already so proud and relieved because, having changed my ideas beforehand, I was sure I could do it. No nostalgia whatsoever. 

What was it wrong about?  I still get three types of cravings, which are the ones I wish to share with you.


1- While concentrating heavily for  work or for a personal assignment. 
 

At first I didn't want to replace the cigarette with anything else, but in retrospective, there's just something about the way I relate to desire which makes me want to chomp, drink, grind or SOMETHING to concentrate fully. When I am brainstorming (not at a computer) I can simply bounce a ball on the wall or walk around the room or whatever, but I need something. No wonder nicotine had cemented itself there. It was the perfect excuse, except there’s a million things I can do which work better than shitty cigarettes. I chomp on celery (my personal taste, carrots work too), but my main tool is drinking tea! (which I used to hate) . Plain hot or cold water works too.

2-When I am drunk with my friends and we have a nice big meal.
 
This one was confusing when I first felt it because I really didn't want to smoke, but at the same time I did. Solution: Literally almost anything. If I chew gum, eat a lollipop, a chocolate, simply having a nice sensory experience, mostly food, but I've also experienced the craving melt away with laughter, looking at paintings at a gallery... well, literally almost anything. Now I understand desserts. And it really does satisfy me even more than cigarettes did. It is gone in the blink of an eye. 

3- When I am subtly and unconsciously desiring to have cancer so I can die and my general suffering in this world is finished.

To notice this one I had to pay a lot of attention. It is the only "real" space (not created by nicotine itself) cigarettes filled which I have not replaced and am not planning to.   It is a desire which I imagine lots of people share at a subtle psychological level (maybe not, who knows). The discovery of this destructive desire is perhaps the thing I most appreciate about not smoking. It has lead me to interesting strands of thought, some ancient like certain parts of Buddhism, some recent like the psychoanalytic concept of ‘death drive’. This is the craving which sometimes comes out in moments of crisis, it is easily mistaken for stress but when examined carefully you can notice the desire to be removed entirely from the situation. I wanted to disappear. Chain smoking to no end filled this weird space. 

So, I have enjoyed the extra money and my  capable lungs, but the best part has been this wonderful insight into how desire and belief functions. 

So dive into the heart of desire and figure out this beautiful horrific maze which is the nicotine trap. A juggernaut who might just vanish if you avert your gaze from its hypnotic promises.  
