Don't Stop Smoking For the Rest Of Your Life. Just Don't Smoke Today.

When we resolve to stop smoking, we often tell ourselves it is forever.  It is permanent.  It is for the rest of our lives.  And we do so with the best of intentions.  We don't want to do something that is so bad for us and that controls us.   Or we have to stop smoking because it is killing us and robbing us of our quality of life.   We have to stop doing this, forever.  

I'm here to challenge that notion. 

Forever is too much for us to think about.  It's too big.  It's too difficult.  It's too lengthy.   It's too much.   

Alcoholics Anonymous popularized the sayings.   "One Day at a Time."  "Easy Does It."  "Let Go and Let God.".   Focus on that first one: 

One Day at a Time

 Break up your quit into small chunks.   Stop today.  Just stop for this day.   For this one day, today, you will not smoke.   Roll out of bed, say "I will not smoke until breakfast".  Then at breakfast it is "I will not smoke until lunch".   Then it's "I will not smoke for the rest of the day."

For this hour, I will not smoke.

For this minute, I will not smoke.  

During this craving (that will last no more than 10 minutes), I will not smoke.  I will do something else.  I will do anything else except smoke.  

Don't smoke for today.  Yesterday is gone forever.  We can't do anything about the cigarettes you smoked yesterday, the day  before, last week, last month, last year.   Tomorrow never comes.   I can't predict what will happen tomorrow.   I don't have tomorrow.  

I have today.  I have only today.   I have only this hour.  I have only this minute.   

I have not used tobacco or nicotine in any form whatsoever in more than 14 years.   I might smoke this afternoon.  I might smoke tomorrow.   I might smoke next week.    

The only reason I have not smoked is because, every day, I made the decision not to smoke. 

The decision not to smoke is not one that you make one time, and that's it.    You must make that decision over and over again.   But you must make that decision only for today.  

I have decided not to smoke dozens of times.  Hundreds of times.  In the beginning stages, I decided not to smoke about a dozen times in one day.   

But at the same time, I knew I had to make the decision FOR TODAY.  Not for tomorrow.  Not for next week.   TODAY.   

Decide not to smoke TODAY.   Just today.  

Because today is all you have.  

Never Take Another Puff.