Want to quit! got a few questions about nicotine replacements?

Basically, im a 20 year old male who has been smoking since I was 15. Not that long, but I am having serious problems quitting and I told myself that I would quit when I turn 21 which is in just over a week.

I have tried quitting cold turkey before which turned out to be a complete disaster, I was a mess, couldn't focus on my work and it nearly resulted in me walking our of my job. Sounds like an exaggeration but I seriously nearly lost the plot, tried everything to take my mind of smoking but nothing would work, it slowly wore me down over a couple of days and in the end I started smoking again.

I have tried quitting with a vape, lasted 3 months but in the end the urge took over and I gave in. I know 3 months is almost as good as quitting smoking but pretty much the whole time I wanted a real fag.

The main point of the post is to get some advice on alternatives for nicotine, I know that the position I am in now I am unable to quit cold turkey. I need a nicotine replacement, I am addicted to the stuff and trying to quit cold turkey just ends in heart break for me and all my close friends/ family. I am very interested in vaping and am sure that it is a good solution to helping me quit for good this time. I am just reaching out to anyone out there who has a little knowledge on vapes and the best way of helping me quit.

I feel that the vape I have now is not quite up the the task of helping me quit? I went to the vape store and spoke the gentleman behind the counter and he recommended the vape and the strength of the liquid for me. I have been running a Kangertank Nano with a 1.5 ohms coil. I have been smoking near to 20/25 cigarettes a days for the last 3 years and I was recommended 0.3% liquid. I feel that the liquid does suppress my addiction, even if I smoke it near to 24 hours of the day. My main question is, is there a more suitable vape/ liquid strength that will help fulfil my nicotine needs, something with more of a punch that I can smoke more like a cigarette one in a while instead of 24 hours of the day.

Thanks for your time guys! 
