Mood disorder &amp; quitting smoking

Night time, day 20! I do not share details like this with many, I am hopefully incognito. I am 43 years old and have been smoking 1-2 packs a day for 29 years. I own a small family owned and operated business with my husband and one adult son who is a employee. On the average, I am a impeccable multitasker, extremely hard worker, extremely organized and very resourceful! I run my company from the office as well as in the field! I also live with bipolar and a mood disorder. I have tried to quit smoking many times with only a few hours or a few days under my belt and I quickly began smoking again. Back in April 2018 I was very sick and found out I have the early stages of COPD beginning in the lower portions of my lungs. That scared me into quitting! I quit for 111 days and then for many reasons I gave in. Months later, here we are on day 20! I have found that quitting smoking has increased both my manic episodes and my depressed episodes! Typically this happens to me only once or twice a year. It makes quitting extremely difficult, as I mentioned I own and run a small business. Lately I am unable to think &amp; stay focused. Very weird things are happening to me that I would not expect and have never happened. I have lost extremely important keys which three days later I finally found. I have lost some extremely important paperwork as well as some forms of payment for services my company had provided. I have messed up on employee hours and paychecks. I have very little patience for employee/coworker mistakes. Many times my vision is even blurry! On top of all of these things my depression has kicked in and now all I can think about is that this can not all be worth it, and all of the rest of the things that go along with feelings and thoughts of someone who is depressed! I know all of the right answers I know that cigarettes will not stop any of these bad awful feelings and things from happening. I also know that my manic and depressive episodes will eventually pass also. Staying on top of my doctors appointments, all of their recommendations and staying on top of my medications is what keeps me going from day to day! I know that all of this will pass and hopefully when I make it to 112 days this time I will be confident in the fact that I am A non-smoker, I will be proud of myself and know there’s no going back on smoking. I will always be addicted to nicotine &amp; being a smoker, just one doesn’t work for me! I don’t want to live out the rest of my days with full-blown COPD and an oxygen tank! I have worked too hard to be miserable in my last year‘s! So I know that all of the naughty employees, arguments with my husband, the dislike of some customers will all pass. If I continue to smoke, in my old age all those minimal things will still be making me miserable as I am walking around an oxygen tank fighting for air! I am doing my best to fight every craving that goes along with and around every last patient that I am on, every irritating person, in hopes that in my last year‘s I can enjoy life a little bit! It is not easy at all, but I have told my kids 100 times, life is never going to be easy! You will have to fight your way to the top! I hope that I can hang on, I have to, for myself and to be a good example for my young, adult children. 