Whenever I crave a cigarette I watch these videos. It works every time

I stopped smoking a year ago. My cravings are still extremely strong. This is partly because I have bipolar disorder, meaning that I am extremely susceptible to addiction. Smoking gives the feeling of a calm mind, and provides (very) temporary relief from manic depression. So staying away from cigarettes will always be hard. 

It's particularly hard because, with such low self worth, telling yourself 'it could kill you' once is nowhere near enough of a deterrent. To beat the craving, and beat what my own mind is determined to tell me, I need to message hammered in repeatedly - sometimes for a long time. 

What I do is I watch these videos. They are a compilation of anti smoking ads from across the English-speaking world, mainly the UK, US and Australia. 

Part 1: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9kKN8_aa38A
Part 2: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZyO-2JQR7Fo
Part 3: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aigcxc4JID0
Part 4: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_vjhae3IYCc

After each clip plays, I tell myself how much I still want to smoke. Sometimes the craving is so strong I'll still be saying "100%" after 20 minutes of this. But always - always - I have reached 0% before I get to the end. Once I reach 0%, by which I mean a point at which someone could offer me a smoke and I would turn it down emphatically, I stop watching the videos and I get on with my life. 

It also helps to think about how many £ millions (or $ millions to most of you!) the governments, charities and organisations spent to make these videos. Each one would have taken a dedicated team of people, and often significant funds. Therefore, when you watch through these 40 clips you are bearing witness to a colossal pooling of money, energy, talent, emotion and science from all across the world. For those minutes that you watch it, all of that sacrifice, effort and heartfelt desire to beat smoking is all concentrated on YOU - on beating YOUR craving. 

I don't know whether this would work for everyone, but for me these videos are incredibly helpful. My cravings cannot be reasoned with, I need a sustained heavy bombardment carried out against them until my mind accepts the irrefutable stupidity of smoking. 