Weed&cigarettes HELP ME!! First post

Hi everybody,
So I am 100% new to reddit and new to blogging/forums..whichever this is. First off I'm sure you all have noticed my username "lift4lif3" and you're probably thinking...he doesn't even lift..he smokes cigarettes. However, I do lift and I enjoy working out DAILY! And I have since I was 16-17 years old and I am now 22. I actually just graduated college for fitness and health (2 years). Before I enrolled in college I had never touched a cigarette let alone bongs, pipes, pissers, etc. However finally feeling free and living on my own I had urges to participate in drugs alcohol cigarettes..etc and so I did. First it began with smoking just weed the odd weekend but then it turned out to be every weekend then eventually every night. I noticed myself fading away and caring less about the choices I made/was making. I remember the first time I ever inhaled tobacco, it was mixed with weed and I hit a bowl from my bong. I couldn't even stand up I felt so dizzy and light headed, but the strange thing was...it felt great! From then on I started mixing my weed with tobacco and was loving it. After a few months had passed I had a buddy over and we just finished getting high. He was a smoker so he insisted he needed a cigarette right after, he offered me one I said yes. So after 3 puffs probably, I had regained that same head buzz I had felt months ago when I smoked my first "popper" we call them. (Bowls with weed and tobacco) then from there on I started smoking cigarettes. It is now almost 2 years later. I regularly smoke 2-5 smokes a day depending on what's going on and how I feel. However I will very rarely smoke cigarettes unless I'm high first. I like the cigarette feeling because I feel like it completes my high. However I do have a life and stuff I have to do so sometimes I don't hey high till later at night 8-9pm. So throughout the day I am constantly thinking about smoking a bowl and a cigarette. I get cranky, frustrated, mood swings, and almost feels like my adrenaline is pumping sometimes. It's like I just wanna get fu***** high!!!!!! Finally when I'm done everything I have to do for the day I procrastinate packing a bowl because I'm enjoying every second of it knowing I'm about to get faded and relieve my emotions. Going to sleep at night I think..so I smoked 5 bowls today and 5 smokes...I should probably quit smoking..screw it I'm going to quit in the morning. Then when I wake up it's like, shit my life sucks because I said i was going to quit today. After noonish-3ish it's like, I'll quit tomorrow..which never happens obviously which is why I am posting here. I hate the thought of giving up weed because I feel like I'm missing something, but then I only really enjoy smoking weed when my high is complete with tobacco. Its very confusing and hard to talk about with others. I know I'm an addict because I always think about smoking both. It's just not as easy as saying I'm going to quit. A part of me(the devil on my shoulder) doesn't want to quit because I love the feeling. But a big part of my wants to quit because I want to live healthy and not just look healthy. Anyone else in the same boat or similar? Tips, comments, support, which ever it's all appreciated. Post 1 complete!
Thank you:)
Rick 