Did a lot of thinking after a long, hard night.

I started the habit when I was 14, merely 4 years ago. Found an unopened back of Marlboro reds on the ground with my buddy. Figured, "Hey, these are the kind my Dad smokes! They're probably good!".

Parents caught me maybe a month into my little hobby and quickly struck me down. Fuck, I should have just taken that to heart and ended there, for good. 

Sophomore year goes by quickly. Took up the straight edge lifestyle. No drugs, booze, or smoking at all for a year straight. I was pretty impressed with myself regardless if I had only smoked for a month or two. 

After my sophomore year, I went on vacation to Puerto Rico for a month. Went to a couple bars with my cousin who got me wasted every weekend there. She offered me a cigarette claiming that "they feel better when you're drunk". Wish I never took that Marlboro out of her pack and inhaled and felt it. That whole summer was spent drinking and smoking with my friends. 
I decided to cut it out when school started back up again.
 Went a solid 8 months without any of those toxins in me. I joined the swim team, life was looking good again for me. But, that summer decided to stop me. I drank every weekend with my friends and I was offered many cigarettes to which I politely accepted. 

Summer ended and so did my drinking and smoking festivities. I landed a job with a sandwich shop in November last year, my senior year of high school. One of my coworkers began offering my smokes every night that I closed and I took her up on the offer many many nights. I never bought my own pack for months, just kept bumming off of her. "I'm only having them to deal with stress while I'm at work, and it's only a few. No big deal!"
I quit my job last month to prepare to leave for Navy basic training. But I still wanted to smoke. 
Then I finally turned 18 years of age. I finally did it! I can buy my own! This was two weeks ago. I've bought and smoked about 4 packs and was realizing that I could easily fall into this habit and that it was going to kill me like it killed my grandfather. I woke up every morning the last two weeks filled with glee that I could have that morning smoke as a legal adult. I can see now that it is losing the luster that it should never have to begin with. It isn't worth it. 
I went to the casino tonight with the same coworker that bummed me those cigarettes during my working days. I smoked in the casino, felt social as I threw away 100 bucks. Well, I won 100 last time so I'm not super bummed about that but now I'm back at the breaking point.

I'm going to stay up all night tonight and not smoke. Tonight I'm going to have an Orange Is The New Black marathon without having to get up in between episodes to fuel my addiction. I'm going to run, do situps and pushups as well as lift weights regularly with my non-smoking lifting partner and focus on getting ready to pass everything that is thrown at me in basic training this fall. I'm ready to stop being a loser. I'm ready to be the man that my father would be proud to say he raised.

I am the controller of my own destiny. I want to make choices that only benefit, and not harm me. 

And I wish all of you to do the same.