Week Two Done!

I know I posted last week when I hit my one week mark, but I'm so happy and proud of myself I can't resist! In the past week since my last post, I've dealt with two "major" crises, and though I wanted a cigarette in the heat of the moment, I managed to get through.

At this point, I'm doing very well. So well, in fact, that I almost considered stopping the use of my Nicoderm patches (I didn't though. If they want you to go 8-10 weeks with them, I'm thinking I should. Granted they're in the business of making money, but at the same time, I'm not trying to sabotage myself to save a buck and not have to deal with sticking medical tape over the patch every day to keep it on.)

I think I even see the light at the end of the tunnel! It's still a little pin prick, but it's there! The other night I went to a concert at MSG, but I had to pick up a friend at Penn Station beforehand. While I was standing out front waiting for him, I was surrounded by smokers (it was 5 pm. Everyone was getting one in before their train rides home.) I actually had to walk to a different part of the sidewalk because the smell was turning me off so much. It was a weird but powerful experience. I've also noticed I'm not as edgy on the regular, and I've stopped white knuckling the steering wheel when I drive.

The only thing that's still bugging me is the stomach issues. That didn't really start for me until this past week. Thankfully, Tums and Pepto exist. Plus, even though that part makes me far more miserable than any of my cravings at this point, it's sort of a nice (for lack of a better word?) reminder that my body is getting rid of all the shit I've pumped into it and to never do that again.

I wish I could give some tips or advice with this post, but I've mostly been changing up my approach every day. The biggest thing I've stuck with is cinnamon gum and water, especially when driving. I've also started forcing myself to take the long way home to get used to not smoking while driving. The other thing I've really focused on is the whole addiction aspect. I'm a "recovering smoker." I was/am addicted to nicotine. I was/am an addicted and was/am addicted to smoking. Nicotine is one of the top 5 most addicting substances in the world. I've had friend addicted to cocaine and heroin. Both of those can kill you, just like smoking cigarettes. If they can successfully kick their habits and actively work on their recovery, so can I.

Good luck to everyone starting their quit today. Congrats to everyone who is still going strong. Hang in there to those who are struggling. Quitting smoking sucks but so does dying.


EDIT: I forgot to write that on day 10, I finally had my first vivid dream about smoking. It was so real, I actually went and looked to make sure I hadn't bought a pack. It was so weird, but I found it sort of comforting because it seems like most people have that experience as they work through their quit so I feel like I'm moving in the right direction.
