34 Days Nicotine Free but Nervous About Drinking Again

I haven't checked in since the two week mark, and I'm happy to say I've had a successful first month of my quit.

I'm about to transition to a new level of NRT patches at the end of the week (step three! Last one! I decided to only do five weeks of step 2 to save $$ because I already had half a box from a failed attempt sitting around collecting dust.) I don't even feel like I need the patches anymore. I'm simply finishing out the program as the directions say. I'm eager to see what happens when more than half my daily nicotine intake disappears and then disappears completely in two weeks. I'm a little nervous it will be hard times again, but I feel like if that was true, significantly less people would be successful using NRT. Plus, I already having coping mechanisms to combat that stuff.

Since quitting, I've been in several high stress situations like moving and applying for jobs but I've handled everything like a champ so far. The biggest thing for me was breaking the physical habit of lighting up when I drive or talk on the phone, and I've officially crossed the line of "I can do this without a cigarette and it feels normal." I still get a crave here and there, especially after I smoke trees, but it goes away almost as fast as it came on. I also want to be upfront and say I think a lot of my success is linked to using trees, which is something I need to work on. Though I'm not addicted to trees like I was nicotine and cigarettes, I tend to use them as an emotional crutch which is not good. I think the experience of quitting smoking cigarettes will help me here. My willpower is very weak (usually) but quitting smoking has shown me I really can do something if I try/work for it.

My biggest fear going forward though is alcohol. I've been abstaining the last month because I know it's a trigger. I read somewhere early on that you should abstain from alcohol for 60 days if you're quitting smoking, which was my plan, but not drinking is getting harder (note: I'm not an alcoholic whatsoever. I'm not saying I NEED a drink. I just want to be able to drink at baseball games, festivals, parties, etc. with my friends because summer is almost over.) At this point, I think I am mentally strong enough to not smoke when I drink, but I also know a lot of people sabotage their quits while drinking. Does anyone have advice on this? Should I continue to maintain the 60 day rule?