My partner and I quit smoking a year ago and he's still struggling with it/complaining about it

A little over a year ago my partner and I quit smoking cold turkey. He was a heavier smoker than I was for sure but after dating him for a few years I was smoking regularly and way more addicted than I'd ever been before. I did not force him to quit - I wanted to quit but felt like I couldn't do it with him smoking all the time. When his grandpa died he decided to quit smoking then and there and I quit too. Obviously that is super challenging for the first while. But we both hung in there and by the time the initial shitty phase was done, I was so glad to have quit. I was super proud of us and so happy. When I was smoking, literally every day I felt guilty and scared and wished I wasn't a smoker, so suffice to say I was super happy to have kicked it. 

But he struggled with it a lot harder than I did. He reported more cravings and he wasn't really excited about it. If I ever tried to be like 'oh my god, I'm so proud of us, it's been this long blah blah blah', he didn't really share my excitement and usually said just talking about it in that context even made him want to smoke. So a year in I'm still super happy about it and stoked and he is doing a bit better but he's still not really where I'm at. He said that he recently had had his first experience of thinking about it in a positive light over this whole year. I literally have that every time I think about since we quit. 

It really bothers me to be honest. I know that might not be fair, but I wan't to share my joy in this amazing turning point in our lives. I'm not sure why it's been so much harder for him but my sneaking suspicion is that his outlook is just more negative and thats making things more difficult. Anyways I just want it to be easier for him and I want us to be able to be happy together about these things and I think the two go hand in hand. 

I kind of wanted to know if anyone else has experienced this and if you have any advice or just any feedback in general.