48 hours in - crying my eyes out

I had my last cigarette Thursday around 8 pm. I ran out of them and decided to try to stop instead of going out for more. After a pack a day for almost 10 years, the idea of stopping forever is way too overwhelming for me, so I figured I'd give myself 5 days of not smoking and no nicotine at all, and then see if I can go another 5 days and so on.   


Friday was weirdly okay. Of course I missed it, I was a bit angry, but it was manageable. I was surprised by how often my mind was thinking about cigarettes. And a lot of "am I really hungry or do I miss cigs ?".  But it was a hopeful good day?   


Today was not the same story at all. Woke up twice during the night, which never happens to me. Had a heavy sensation on my chest and some physical pain. And I just couldn't stop crying. Felt betrayed by Allen Carr and the "painless" nicotine withdrawal. 

Cried again cause I felt stupid to be in so much pain and feeling so emotional over something millions of people have already done. I kept on negotiating all day with myself, that maybe one cig is okay, and maybe I should just start by cutting down instead of stopping, that it's not the right time for me. And every time it made me cry loudly cause I just want to at least reach my five days. And I kept on crying and crying cause Five days is nothing I should be able to do it. 

And crying crying again just because I want one, and crying cause no I should know it's not something I want, it's just my addiction speaking and I should know better. And I should not be such a mess only 48 hours in.

Really the only thing that stopped me from caving in today was the 5 days timeframe. Forever, or even just a month feels so far away and overwhelming; but I feel like I should be able to reach less than a week of not smoking.   


  
I was expecting to be frustrated, angry, bored. But not crying so much. Is it even normal ? Is it gonna stop? Im running out tissues here. But at least I didn't smoke I guess.

  