My two principles of quitting.

So I've been clean now for over a year after I tried quite often to quit. 
From experience, there's two things that are the basis for quitting:

1. Don't you THINK about it!
Not in a positive way, neither in a negative way. Don't talk about it, don't ask about it, don't google tips, BAN it from your mind. Stop finding arguments pro and against smoking. You won't stand a chance if you allow your mind to play with the idea of smoking in ANY way, POSITIVELY OR NEGATIVELY.
The first week or so you'll be harassed by the thought of smoking quite often a day, just popping up in your mind. And if you start arguing with the thought of smoking - YOU WILL LOSE , sooner or later.
You have made a decision to quit. There's no need to talk to yourself or others about it.

2. Accept the pain!
When once again the urge to smoke or a thought of how nice it was pops up in you mind, you'll realize that you're not allowed to smoke any more. This is very painful. You just realized that you lost your beloved toy forever and now you want to cry like a baby (or somehow get around it).
What you do now: Feel the pain. And stop running away from it. There is no escape. Accept it, it hurts to been stripped of this opportunity for comfort and joy. As the days go by, the pain will decrease. But now is now, and the pain is yours. Embrace it, DON'T RUN AWAY FROM THE PAIN.

So these are my two principles on how to stop smoking. No smoking just [insert number] cigarettes, no hipnosis, no bullshit. But there actually is a third point:

(3.) You'll NEVER be safe. After you have quit it for -say- half a year, a year or ten years, there won't be much of or any urge left. You'll be comfortable and confident. And then there comes this guy along who offers you a cig.
And you think: Well I don't have any urges, what could possibly happen if I smoke this puny little cigarette. You will INEVITABLY end up where you started. Don't fool yourself: ONE cigarette and you have lost the game for the time being. You will have to go through the whole cycle of smoking, feeling bad and finally coming to try quitting again, IF you ever get to that point again. Don't you think you'll ever be safe. ONE cigarette will end your existence as a non-smoker. And this one cig might struck you after a year, two, ten.

**TL;DR:**

1. Don't think/talk/argue/inform about smoking/quitting smoking in any positive/negative way.

2. Accept the pain associated with the thought of never smoking again. Don't run away from the pain, just feel it. It's going to fade.