Day 5 -- Quitting Via Vaping

I can't count how many times I have begun yet another attempt to quit smoking, but I know I can do it! I've quit before and stayed quit for over a year before falling back into the habit because of some extreme stress I ended up having to deal with. 

I was quit from June or July of 2012 until late July of 2013. And I was able to quit last time because of my vape pen. Once I got back into smoking (which, no, was not because of my vape; in fact, by the time I hit my 1-year anniversary, it had been many months since I'd even taken a puff from my vape) it's been hard to put myself back into the mindset of being ready to quit. 

And, as previously mentioned, I have tried several times since to quit again but I kept losing that mindset because of other massive stressors that kept popping up. As it is, life is still stressful. I deal with severe depression, anxiety, and ADHD but, at 32 years of age (almost 33) I have FINALLY been able to get the therapy and medications I've needed to manage my mental health which has made my stress a lot more manageable and, thus, my need for cigarettes as a coping mechanism has been drastically reduced. 

I still deal with the oral fixation, of course, but my vape has been helping me beautifully with that. ^_^ I currently use nic levels between 12 & 18 in my vape juice and as I get further along in my smoke-free journey, I will be decreasing the nic levels I get in my vape juices. 

So, while it has not yet been a week into my latest smoke-free journey, I am feeling very positive because I'm almost halfway through the toughest period in the smoke-free journey and I haven't even so much as twitched to pick up any good snipes I happen upon whenever I'm walking around town and, for me, that is HUGE! 

I have the money to purchase cigs if I wanted to but I haven't let myself and, therefore, not even feeling tempted to scavenge for snipes makes me VERY happy and contributes to my feeling positive about my long-term success!