12 Days

I officially quit on the 21st of July (for probably the 4th or 5th time), even though I had made the decision earlier in the month and pretty sure my last pack was purchased on the 11th of July. After I had decided to quit, I found 2 packs. One of them I decided to keep on me for when drinking (cause I knew it was going to be harder to abstain from smoking when drinking, especially when first starting off). So I decided to finish that pack only when drinking and then quit smoking altogether. The other pack I just decided to throw it out because smoking them wasn't going to do me any good, and having them just sit there wasn't going to do me any good, and I shouldn't even consider just giving them to someone else when I should be encouraging others to quit as well. So, I tossed it. It's day 12 now and I am doing pretty good. I still have cravings maybe once a day, or every couple days. I definitely have cravings when I have a drink and that's when it's hardest to say "no" to lighting up. However, every other time I've tried to "quit", I've always convinced myself that it was still okay to smoke when I drink, and that's how I would rationalize having one "every now and then" until I was back into my same old habits, again. I know this will be the hardest part of quitting, and I'm wondering if there will ever be a day when I absolutely don't crave them at all, anymore. I haven't told many people I'm quitting because I've done that every other time I said I was quitting and then just felt embarrassed when I would start up, again. 
Anyways, I feel like talking about this with fellow ex-smokers will help alleviate the pressure and make me feel more comfortable with quitting. People that never got addicted just don't understand how huge this is. People that are still smoking can only kinda understand. 
I just decided that I need to start caring for myself more, because there are people in my life who care about me and need me. My parents don't want to see me go before they do, and I don't have any children (yet) but I know I shouldn't wait until I have kids to start caring about being alive for them, and I should start now in trying to prolong my life so that I can be there for them whenever I do have kids. 
I have an autistic brother I'll need to care for when my parents are gone. I have to do a better job of taking care of myself so I can take on these responsibilities when the time comes. 
So.. this is me on 12 days. 

BTW: I am using the app "Smoke free" to help me quit, and one of my missions was to check out this forum and comment/create my own post. Is anyone else using the app? Do you find it is helping you? I find it helpful. I check it religiously as motivation. I'm just hoping it gets to a point where I can just forget about cigarettes and being a non-smoker is just "who I am" and not something I'm trying to commit myself to.