u/Parallelogy asked me to elaborate on the amazing things that happened since I quit so here goes:- Grab a beer or a lemonade, kick back and settle in.

I was 49 and had no hope for the future. I had a medical condition that meant that I would probably go blind if I didn't quit smoking. I tried blind-folding myself for a morning and I was deciding whether it would be better to be blind or dead. Like what the fuck? Who does that? I knew I had to make some changes, I just didn't think I had the gumption... I gritted my teeth and made a decision.

Quitting smoking was my 50th birthday present to myself. I quit two months before my birthday. A challenge I set myself that year was to do something I had never done before every week.

Some things I thought about were small scale, some bigger scale, but all with the intention of being more of the person I wanted to be by the time I turned 51. That week, I listened to the Allen Carr book on audio. I smoked my last smoke right after I finished the book and I hated it. I knew I was ready.

I started with going for a walk whenever I was having cravings at home.

People would run past me while I was on my walk and they weren't even chasing a bus! I had never really noticed these people before, but once I had noticed, I couldn't unnotice. I have never run willingly in my life but I started to think about it.

One night at work, I was alone in this huge office and I had a spare five minutes before I finished my shift so I tried it out. It didn't kill me. i started running in little spurts during my walks. 

Someone mentioned C25K and I was convinced that I couldn't run five km. The cross-country at school was five km and I could remember dying my way through every km of that. I thought 'If I can give up smoking, I can learn to run five k's' and so it began.

It took me about ten weeks to build up to the five km mark and to celebrate the final run, I took myself on my first solo interstate holiday and did my first five km straight run in 38C burning Australian sun and I loved it.

After I came home, I started running on a great track near my home, which goes through the bush and is paved. It's a  shared bike path and footpath and it's 15km each way. I started to wonder what the end of it was like. I bought a bike and found the end of the track.

I started riding my bike on non running days. I still run and ride.

I started to notice rubbish on my walks and would pick up any plastics I saw as I went. I still pick up plastic when I see it.

I got into a zero waste mentality and started to try and reduce the waste I created in my daily life. 

I tried vegetarianism for a month after doing some research on plant-based diet vs meat based. I am still vegetarian.

I stopped buying processed foods and started cooking from scratch. Right now, I am cooking some stock and vegan burger patties.

I started fermenting some things - hot sauces, kombucha, vegetables, fruits. I currently have fermented garlic, kombucha, kim chi, mango and peach hot sauce and two vinegars fermenting in my kitchen. 

I already had a garden, I just started to realise that there are many foods to be had out there beyond what's in the garden beds - Edible plants that we see as ornamentals, bush tucker, foraging greens and mushrooms. I am currently growing around thirty different crops in a tiny suburban garden.

Right now, I am challenging myself to cut my expenditure in half, and then in half again, so I can reach my ultimate retirement goal in three years instead of in ten years.

There are so many micro-changes that I have made, that would bore you to tears if I mentioned them - herb butter, salts, flavoured oils- blah blah blah.

I plan to buy a van in the next twelve months and convert it to a camper van. I already have a camping kit, so essentially all I will need is a set-up where I have somewhere to sleep, somewhere to store stuff and a small fridge.

In three years, I plan to get rid of whatever I have that's surplus to my life on the road, and to head to Tasmania. I have some plans for making an income in harvesting season to pay rent on a small off-grid cabin, and to pay my living expenses while I travel. 

I will have a few things to do at the cabin that will give me the means to barter for things that I don't grow or produce myself. 

I would never have this mindset if I had not quit smoking. I feel like my life now has a direction and that all the things I once saw as impossible are within my reach. 

I really feel blessed.