For those that are faltering, and those that haven't tried to stop yet

I'm new to this game, I never really tried to stop smoking before. I've clocked up 32 days on my first ever quit attempt and the thought of lighting up again makes me want to puke.

My expectation was that I would stop, but I would always want to smoke again. That I would quit, but never really be able to trust myself to relax. That when I gave up smoking it would be like severing ties with a friend, one who would be so dearly missed that I would keep all their correspondence in a drawer to savour in the dark days to come. 

In fact it's quite the opposite.

A friend of mine was diagnosed with COPD late last year. That was a shock and it was devastating, not just to her, but to her partner and family as well. Understandably.

I saw her on New Years day and she had been 55 days without smoking. I was so proud of her. No merit to me, because the next time I saw her we were at the pub - her & her partner and I went out for lunch. I told myself I could get through the day without a smoke. I mean one day. It would be a test, but if I could do that, I could quit for good, right? I broke when she invited me outside to 'talk private stuff'. SHE offered me a smoke. That was the private stuff. What did I do? I took it and I lit up and I smoked with her.
That's how hooked I was. Instead of talking her out of it, I smoked with her, without hesitation and with great relief. I was off the hook!

Well, her partner cornered me a bit later on and didn't he have some choice words for me. To say he was disappointed would be an understatement.

Not long after that, I downloaded Allen Carr's 'Easyway to Stop Smoking' as an audio book and I listened to it while I was working over the next two nights.

After hearing the last chapter, I smoked my last smoke and I haven't even considered lighting up again. I strongly urge you to get the book or the audio book, or the online course. If you try it and you don't successfully stop smoking within three months, they will give you your money back. 

You have nothing to lose :)

I had heard reference to this book over and over again whenever quitting came into the conversation. 

A book that's still getting mentions 32 years after it was first published must have some merit.

I gain nothing from recommending this book to you, but the satisfaction of helping one person to quit for good. That person is you.

