Questions and/or General Wonderings... Almost 4 weeks in!

Hi guys!! So proud of anyone reading this thread, even if you haven't quit, being here means you're at least thinking about it and that's awesome.

So, I quit the weekend before Halloween using Chantix. I thought it was going to be miserable, however it wasn't at all. It was, of all my previous quit attempts, the most pleasant. And I was (and sometimes still am) a bit of a tyrant, but nothing like the quivering mess of tears, knelt over a torn up cigarette packet, I used to be. If you are comfortable taking Chantix and a doctor recommends it, please do it.

The thing about it is that in most cases, since my first week, it basically makes me feel indifferent towards cigarettes. I could have one, or I couldn't have one. Doesn't really matter. Like having coffee with dessert. That being said, I have had a few (like 4) since quitting. Always in a social situation, like after a big dinner or with drinks, and always no more than one and maybe a puff off someone else's. So my question is, in case anyone knows the medical side of it.... You know I use the Smoke Free app and I LOVE checking the health bars to see my progress, but does having ONE cigarette take all those back down to zero, do you start over? It took me all this time to get up to 31% better circulation, and only 18% coughs and wheezing, does that mean I'm back to square one on those?? I can't imagine so, I feel far healthier now than I was when I was smoking 13-15 cigarettes a day. I don't wheeze, I don't cough crap up, I don't feel lethargic all the time. my skin has cleared up around my chin (YAY NO MORE CHIN ACNE! I KNEW IT WAS THE SMOKING!!).

So any doctors in the house want to enlighten us on the effects of a casual smoke here and there?

PS - this is not something I plan on doing forever. I realize fully it's a slipper slope. I had quit from 2008 to 2010 and started up again just because I thought I could handle it socially, until I started buying packs, sneaking one with coffee, sneaking one after meals, until I was a full blown smoker again. I will never be under the thumb of cigarettes again. But I know some people can handle it once in a while, in fact I have a friend who has, for years, only smoked when having drinks. I am just curious to know how it's affecting my body.