111 days - There's nothing positive to be gained from smoking// some tips for quitting and staying quit

I recommend reading Allen Carr's Easy Way to stop smoking or listening to the audio book. I used the audio book and I listened to it while I worked. It takes about seven hours total. I've also made a list of my favourite tips...

The first couple of weeks are critical and you will automatically go for your smokes at key times. For me they were scattered throughout the day and linked to other actions - Coffee, driving, finishing a job, breaks, after work, beer, after meals, all the times that you would normally smoke each have to be done a few times without smoking to get the habit broken. There will be a few tasks that slip by because you don't do them often but they could trigger the urge to light up. Just be prepared and know that you are stronger than any urge. At first you might feel like there's nothing interesting going on - ever. That's just the stupid addiction trying to trick you into believing life is boring without a smoke. Don't worry, this passes. Try and find some things you enjoy that distract you from thinking about smoking.
 
Here's a list of things you can do that are NOT smoking (with alternatives):

Walk, run, move your body (this is the most common one I have read here)

Sip water - iced or hot seem to be the best

Chew gum or suck on hard candy

Draw or doodle

Read this sub or read a book, newspaper, magazine or blog

Journal your thoughts or write a poem - bonus points if your poem is terrible and relates to smoking :)

Do long divisions or complex calculations

Watch a movie or binge watch a crummy eighties TV series.

Memorise words that follow a pattern. I like aeiou words because facetious is not only my favourite word, but it has a pleasing vowel sequence. You could try words ending in ally like totally - I am totally not smoking right now!

Post on this sub. You have an amazing community who will support you all the way. Whether you just need a place to vent, or you need someone to hold your hand while you venture into the unknown, we are here and we have been where you are.


Now for my two favourite tips:
1) Imagine your craving is that toddler at the supermarket that just wants that candy bar and is not taking "NO" for an answer. You said no when they asked politely, and now the tantrum is in full swing and they are on the floor screaming. Do they get the candy?
2) The only real time is right now. If you choose to not smoke right now, you will be a non-smoker in no time at all.

The difference between an ex-smoker and a non-smoker is the non-smoker never even considers smoking. You can do this!!

(edit - add reading to the list; format)