1 Year, No Problem!

Hello /r/stopsmoking. A year ago yesterday, I put down my vape and vowed to not smoke cigarettes anymore. I've kept that promise.

I had been smoking since 1999, with short times where I tried to quit, but they never lasted longer than a month. My longest quit before this was after reading Alan Carr, but even that didn't keep me from going back to them, sadly. I thought maybe I was hopeless.

I started using ecigs pretty much as soon as they were available, but at first they did not replace cigarettes. I was just smoking and vaping at the same time.

When I got a serious vape box and started getting into the hobbyist side of it, my nicotine consumption went way way up. I was basically vaping every waking moment, and it was actually giving my breathing a bit of a wheezing sound, plus I was coughing a lot. I understand some people don't have these effects, but I did.

Anyway, I promised the girl in my life at the time that I would stop vaping if some medicine I'd been prescribed didn't clear up the wheezing and coughing. It didn't, and I was sick of it.

So I quit. I just quit completely. I found the app called Smoke Free, decided on a date (May 18, my brother's birthday) and punched it in.

It was hard at first, but it got easier pretty quickly. I was surprised. The Smoke Free app made quitting something I could quantify. I was excited to document my cravings and see how many I had resisted on a graph. It's like quitting with science, and I was way into it.

So anyway. Here I sit a year later, and I have to tell you, it feels amazing. I just went on a road trip to Seattle, and I drive through Montana to get there. That fresh mountain air, holy crap... I was taking big, deep breaths of it, and it was positively awesome! I still cough a bit, but that's from allergies. My lungs and throat already are thanking me.

If you're on here and struggling to put down nicotine, just do it. I'm proof that any old schmuck can do it. You can too!

Thank you, /r/stopsmoking. Having the flair to look at was super helpful as well. I could always come back here and see my days next to my user name. It kept me going. It made me proud. So, thanks!