I need to stop.

Hi!

First of all I just want to say thank you to the moderators and the users for running this subreddit. I've been lurking for a while and I've enjoyed reading a lot of the posts being made on here. They've been very helpful and positive to read. 

I have been considering this for a while and I have finally made the decision that it's time for me to stop smoking. 

A bit of background information: 
I'm a 23 year old guy and I've been smoking since I was 13 (although I had a period of 2 years inbetween where I managed to quit). Both my brothers and my parents started smoking since before I remember. This resulted in me not having to "hide" it from my parents when I started smoking.. I mean sure.. they were disappointed.. but that lasted for like 24 hours and then that was pretty much it. I guess they expected me to start sooner or later.

My dad passed away three years ago due to health issues caused by smoking (he had been smoking since he was 12). I'm not mentioning this because I want anyone to feel sorry for me whatsoever but rather to point out when I realized that I needed to stop. 
Now I realize and understand that some might think "Eh, that was three years ago.. why didn't you stop earlier on?". I wish I had. I guess most of us would've wanted to quit smoking at an earlier stage in our life but the fact is that I didn't. 
I guess I've used things like him passing away as an excuse to not stop; "Eh... I'm already going through this and that so it's ok if I keep smoking for a bit longer.." ... "a bit longer" has now been three years. 

I want to do this now though. I believe that I'm capable of doing this. I feel extremely dumb that I didn't stop earlier.. as we all know it's extremely expensive and very unhealthy. Most importantly though you would think that me literally losing a parent due to smoking would make me quit right away. It didn't but that is hopefully about to change.

I am sorry for this awfully long post but I just had to get it off my chest. I'd also like to mention that english isn't my first language so I apologize for any typos and whatnot.

It's not going to be easy and I'm obviously more than interested in any sort of helpful advice that I can get. I don't know anyone IRL who have managed to quit so this is pretty much the only place that I can use for such advice.

Today is the day. I don't want the cigarettes to be a part of my life anymore. 