21 days clean! Also, reasons why smoking has actually been a good life experience, and tips to quit.

I quit cold turkey 21 days ago. 

I've been smoking for more than a year. I'm relatively young - younger than most people would be when they start to think of quitting - but I decided that I had to stop for three reasons. Firstly, it was straining my relationship with my mom, whom I value and love. Secondly, I was broke. Third, my teeth were being stained an awkward shade of yellow. 

I also started smoking for three reasons. 1) Crippling anxiety, stress, depression, and PTSD which I am now having psychiatric help for 2) Wanted to lose weight after overcoming an eating disorder 3) At some visceral level, I thought it was cool. 

Do I regret starting? Not at all. It was difficult quitting - I was nauseous, angry, and constipated - but I don't regret starting at all. I feel like I will never have the staunch 'anti-smoking' prejudice that many non-smokers do. I also do enjoy the smell of smoke, and though I have resolved not to smoke myself, I have no problem with a partner, roommate, or family member who smokes heavily. 

Quitting smoking was a personal choice that I believe has improved my life greatly. I look much healthier and prettier, my teeth are slowly losing their jaundiced shade, and I am able to enjoy food. I have not gained any weight over these three weeks, if that means anything to the girls out there who are scared to quit in case they gain weight. 

How did I quit? I was a chain smoker; I was up to a pack every three days, and I would smoke cigars and pipes on top of that. I was also smoking weed like a chimney, so my throat and lungs were under assault constantly. 

I gave away all my smokes, which helped immensely. 

I locked away all my money, so I could not buy more smokes. 

I had a flu, which helped; if anyone out there wants to quit, capitalise on your illnesses (even if it's just a common cold) to wean yourself off. 

I started wearing a waist trainer that gave me a feeling of security without having to suck on cigarettes constantly. 

I avoided social events where smoking would occur. 

Nobody is permanently stuck in a situation where they HAVE to smoke. You are responsible for your own situation. I want something more in life, I care about the people I love, I want to look good, I want to be in control of what I'm putting into my mouth at all times. I made a choice - the choice to remove myself from temptation. 

I will never be one of those preachy anti-smokers. I think smokers should be allowed to smoke in public; to be allowed to smoke wherever they want that is not an enclosed space. But if I have made the choice, I hope that many of you who are addicted, who have no fight left, who have other problems, can also find it in yourselves to make this decision. 

Good luck.