Three weeks smoke free now, but today I'm feeling weak.

Hey everyone,

Please excuse this post for it's length and it emotional content. Today has been pretty bad. I started it off having to call out of work because I've caught whatever nasty is going around. 

I also awoke to long FB message from my roommate calling me a passive aggressive bitch. Long story short, on more than one occasion the toilet bowl (and some times OUTSIDE of the toilet bowl) has had a thick speckling of human feces. So I wrote a note about it on the white board.

I don't think what I had to say was passive aggressive at all. I didn't know who was doing it so I couldn't confront them privately. All I said on the white board is that it's happened on multiple occasions, and whoever does it needs to be more mindful and clean up after themselves. 

Anyway, back to the point- it was a real trigger for me and I've been wanting a cigarette all day. 

At first my boyfriend was super supportive of me. But... I don't think so anymore. Once I told him that I couldn't live in a place where I'm literally cleaning up someone else's shit and not respected... Well his immediate response was that he wouldn't mind if we lived in separate places. 

This is not something that I can go along with. I moved in with him because I knew I wanted to explore the possibility of him being my life partner. Him brushing me off like that feels like such... A betrayal. 

Guys... How the hell do you deal with having all of these emotions? All of my adult life I've been a smoker. Whenever something horrible would happen I always knew I could have a cigarette. Then things would be easier to handle. I could have a smoke, calm my mind, and go about what needs to get done. 

What do you do now? I'm not going to go out and buy a pack.  I know things will be better in the morning after some sleep. I just need advice and support to get through this moment. I'm angry and hurt and I want my freaking crutch. 

TL;DR: Roommate is spreading shit (figuratively and literally) around me, boyfriend isn't taking my side completely, I want a smoke. 