Sometimes I think I'm whining and sometimes I think I'm in trouble.

I want to quit smoking cigarettes, because it hurts.
I also want to drink less, because I want to do more.
I can't seem to be able to quit both at the same time.

I've been bouncing back and forth between the two for the past 10 years. Sometimes both, sometimes one, sometimes none. I always get fed up with whatever decision I make.

I'm going to do a be a guest on a podcast tonight. They all smoke. The guy I'm giving a ride to smokes. I'm already stressed out about it. If I smoke it will relieve the stress but by the end of the night I'll have a killer headache. I'll over do the cigarettes. I always do. They always make me feel like shit.

But it calms my brain down, a bit, I guess.

Family stress is rising, the second week in a row. Last Saturday I got obliterated drunk because I just needed to be out of my mind for a few hours. I drank and smoke and drank and smoke til 4am. I remember thinking at 11:30 "I don't want to get that drunk tonight," while sipping a vodka RedBull. A thing I know I definitely should not be drinking. I remember thinking "yeah but like I haven't drank all week, so, this is actually fine."

I slept all day Sunday. All. Day.

I'm already a little worried about Friday night. I know I don't want to go out and drink all night because I do have stuff I want to work on the next day. 

But I know by the end of the week that goddamnit I just want to feel different and not worry about everything. I'm having a bad week so I know I'm going to want to "go have a beer," have 8 and smoke a pack of cigarettes, then sleep all day Saturday.

I want to run away but I can't even run because everything hurts.

This could just be me having a bad day and having an anxiety attack. I'm extra worried and my brain is doing a cool thing where it's like "You should smoke cigarettes. If you do, don't drink beer on the weekend. That way you can quit drinking but still have a thing to 'make you feel better'"

Cigarettes very rarely make anyone feel better, but sometimes they make your skin stop crawling.

I often think how fortunate I am that I never got into opiates.

I also think of how unfortunate I am that I can never seem to calm my brain down. I'll deep breathe all day; the bullshit is still there.