Is it going to kill you?

I'm on Day 7; 173h 10m. I keep thinking about walking to the store and getting a pack because that's what I do on Sunday afternoons. And Saturday afternoons. And Friday afternoons.

I won't smoke all week. Friday comes, and holy shit fuck it, this week has been garbage, I need something to lean on.

This time I didn't. I had a meltdown on Wednesday. Instead of having a meltdown about having a meltdown and breaking into a pack, I just let myself have the meltdown.

That was new. I drew a picture in my notebook.  It made me feel better, a frantic sketch of a Bob Ross-style landscape, it totally took over my entire anxious mind. People liked it, I liked it.

Friday afternoon finally came. I went to the gym, did some house work, had some whiskey. I wanted to go out. I needed to go out.

But I knew: If I go to the bar, I'm going to have a cigarette. If I smoke, I can't work out. I can't smoke just one.

So I had another meltdown. Fuck it, I'll just lay in bad and be crazy for 30 minutes. I'll let it come. I'll let it all come. I'll yell and scream at myself each way until I'm done.

Is it going to kill me to not have one?
Well, no... but...
But what?
But I want one.
Do you?
Well, just one...
What's the point of smoking one? Haven't had one in 6 days, this one will probably lead to a headache and epic tiredness.
It won't kill me to not have one.

And that was it. It's not going to make me feel better to have one, and it's not going to kill me to not have one.

We drank all afternoon Saturday for someone's birthday. We ate homemade fries and cheese and gravy and had a grand old time. Only one of those friends smokes. I thought about asking for one, buttt... Then I'd have to get more. And then I woulnd't feel good at all. And then I'd be back in it.

Yeah, I really wanted one, but, it wouldn't kill me to not have one. So I didn't. I was a little uncomfy thinking about it, made my skin crawl a bit, but I ate a cupcake and played with the dog instead.

This morning I walked down the street for a coffee. I saw a guy smoking, my immediate thought was "I should ask him for a--", which was immediately cut off by a story from another redditor. He had quit and was talking to some guys smoking. They said they wish they could give it up.

I thought, I bet this guy wishes he could give it up.

I passed by him.
He coughed.