Yesterday I smoked. Today I am happy. I've been here a hundred times before.

I've been here a hundred times before.

I had a bad day yesterday after 3 days of not smoking (preceded by 2 days of smoking, preceded by 5 days of not smoking... you get it). My sister's crazy boyfriend is doing crazy people stuff; he's actually losing his mind. Half of me is like fuck this guy and the other half is I've gone through the exact same thing. It's torture, but in your head, caused by your own brain.

Their son is at my parents' house. He has no idea.

I leave work at 5:30. I have a show at 9:30. I don't even bother to go home because I would have to drive all the way home and all the way back up.

I stop at the store to get dinner. I load up. I was supposed to go to the gym but, fuck, I'm tired, I'm relatively upset, and I just don't feel like it. My brain knows that going to the gym was the main thing stopping me from smoking. After the gym is just a better feeling than after a cigarette. I get a sandwich, chips, hot food, candy, and a drink that's not good for you.

I pay for it all, ruminate, and decide I have nothing better to do so I drive up to the show. I'm on the street of the venue two hours before the show is even supposed to start.

I'm bored. I'm stressed. There's a store up the street.

I smoke, and it's wonderful. Fuck the badge.

I spend the rest of the night telling jokes with friends, taking advantage of my few free drinks, and smoke a cigarette in between it all. We laugh at each other as we catch up outback while pulling cigarettes out of our breast pockets. I haven't seen these guys in a while. The show is going well, "pretty great," even. We close out and I make $10. Worth it; I love the place.

I smoke on the way to my parents; closer to the venue than my house. "I shouldn't smoke tomorrow," I think.

One more before I go to bed, though.

I wake up at my parents. I'm freezing. I'm going to be late to work. I smoke one on the way. That's it, then. I'm smoking today.

I'm perky at work. I'm in a good mood. Nothing is really going well, but, I feel OK. I have a good attitude. I'm as happy-ish as you can be when you're at work.

I'll smoke tonight. I'll stay in and work on stuff and smoke in between it. Tomorrow I'll consistently interrupt my group activity every 1.5 hours so I can go burn one. It's the weekend, and I'm already smoking Friday; of course I'm going to smoke tomorrow. There's no constant distraction to give myself.

Like work.

Saturday I'll go out at night and smoke a pack. I'll have a good time. I'll get pretty drunk.

I'll wake up on Sunday, around 1pm. Most of the day is gone. I'm tired. I'll think about doing stuff and won't do most of it. My chest hurts. I'm not going to work out. I remember why I hate cigarettes. Now I feel guilty. Now I don't feel well. It's not the cigarette, it's everything that follows.

I'll resolve to finish out the day and then smoke my last cigarette before bed. That's it. Tomorrow I'm done.

A voice tells me it's going to be OK.
A smaller one says are you sure about that?

I wake up Monday morning at my house. I'm freezing. I'm going to be late for work.

I've been here a hundred times before.