I don't want to miss it.

I'm on Day 10; 246 hours, 15 minutes.

I've been so incredibly lethargic this week. I guess my body is adjusting. I have trouble falling asleep, staying asleep, more trouble than normal getting out of bed, a constant dull headache, I'm hungry all afternoon, and I feel like my body weighs more than normal. Moving around is almost a chore, and I'm not that heavy.

I want to have the energy to work out, go be active, but I just don't. Last night I laid on the couch and just ate too much take out. I kept reminding myself that what I'm doing is hard.

The night before I tried to work out, but, just didn't have the energy. I did a third of what I was supposed to do and then just dicked around the rest of the night.

It will be difficult at first, but everything is difficult at first.

I'm going to see an old friend tonight. He's leaving the city for good next week, and we're going to get together tonight to send him off. We're going to the place we all met, the first place a lot of us performed at; a real waste of time any other night.

They all smoke. We all smoke. We stand outside if we're not onstage and talk shit. We smoke cig after cig bitching about not getting booked and complaining that this girl isn't texting back and that the country is going to shit.

My brain is telling me that to get along tonight, to have a good time, I need to get some cigarettes and blend in. I can't be awkward because I want a cigarette. The nostalgia is ringing so hard right now.

Right now, in this moment, I can't come up with a good reason not to dip my toes into cigarettes tonight and restart my quit tomorrow. I already don't feel good, I don't feel right, nothing satiates like that one cigarette after a long time of not having one.

Well tomorrow I'm going to the concert, and I'm off Friday, so if I smoke tonight I'll definitely smoke at the bar tomorrow. And then it's Friday and at that point I mean I've already smoked so I might as well finish out the weekend and quit again on Monday.

That sounds stupid, I read it and I know it sounds stupid, but it also sounds nice. Sounds like I don't have to try anymore.

Maybe I'll just eat a whole bag of cashews instead.