Trying to console a friend [warning: cancer story inside]

I'm still trying to process this and feel compelled to write it down, because admittedly, it was one of the factors which contributed to help me finally stop smoking after 21 years.

This week, I met a friend for lunch. We are the same age and at one point she used to be my boss. We use to go on smoke breaks together when we worked for the same company, back in our mid twenties. Fast forward many years and as it turns out, we work a block away from each other and we periodically meet for lunch to catch up. We share many laughs together. As a side note, she has quit smoking many years ago.

On Thursday we met up again after a couple of months of the holidays and such. After some casual chitchat, she tells me her mother passed away 2 months ago. Her mom was a a smoker who contracted lung cancer about 10 years ago. She got a portion of her lung removed and amazing as the body is, lungs partially regenerated, though she never regained full breathing capacity.

Regrettably she continued smoking. She had trouble breathing and even moving, going up and down stairs, etc. She subsequently got other tumours and beat them, yet continued smoking. She considered herself too anxious a person to ever consider quitting even though she felt shame and guilt through it all.

She finally could no longer cheat death. My friend, as she told me about it, was inconsolable. Although she was powerless to do anything about it, she was resentful. This resentment caused her to start experiencing some early signs of depression and she has an appointment to go see a shrink to deal with all this.

I'm not even sure what the point of sharing this is, other than to say I was deeply touched and moved. It is tragic to lose a parent, yes, but even if we know all the risks and harm smoking causes, it is even more so when it's so front and center.

Her mother played a part in my quitting, because I knew to what level her addiction had been that she could not quit even after a lung cancer diagnosis, and I really didn't want to end up facing the same dilemma. It truly is tragic.

At the same time, my mom smokes. She is the same age as my friend's mom was and though my mom is a closet smoker who only smokes a few cigarettes a day, I am sad and scared, knowing there isn't much I can say or do.

If you have read this far, thanks for hearing me out. I really did not have many words to console my friend. I think just being there helped.