Should I restart the clock?

So, I hadn't been a smoker for 60 days. From about 12 cigarettes a day for seven years to cold turkey. It's been rough. Three days ago, I was with my girlfriend...we had been out drinking and were coming home relatively early. We drunkenly agreed to have a cigarette. I went and bought a pack.

She asked me how I felt about buying the pack. I answered honestly.

"I feel absolutely terrible. I feel horrible about doing this."

And it was the TRUTH! The strangest thing was, I didn't even want to have a cigarette at the time. I'd moved past the worst of my cravings. I just felt some strange...I dunno, some compulsion to give myself the chance to smoke one and see how it felt two months in. It SUCKED! It just wasn't good. It was nothing. No big buzz, no big satisfaction, tasted so much worse than I remembered...it was just...not good.

I ripped up and threw out the rest of the pack the following morning.

The thing is, what was fueling my want to go back to smoking, the thing that was killing me during my worst cravings...was the thought that I was missing out on something. This nostalgia for cigarettes, for the whole tradition and ritual and action of smoking. I thought that I missed it. I genuinely thought I was missing it. And I can honestly say, three days later, after reflecting on what I did...I'm *so* glad I tried to smoke one because I *completely* dispelled that myth for myself!! Now I KNOW I'm not missing anything. There's nothing to miss!

My point here is that, upon some careful thought, I had no trouble at all throwing the rest of that pack away. I didn't want to smoke again. And I still don't.

So now my question: do I restart my clock on this sub? I feel like it was a blip, a small mistake that just needed to happen for me. I've restarted my clock on my iPhone app, just because I felt really awful about the whole thing when it happened. But I wanted to confer with /r/stopsmoking to see what the norm is here. Tell me...I'll do whatever seems to be the acceptable thing! I don't mind restarting if it's the right thing to do.

I still know I'm a non-smoker.