Need to quit.

I've been thinking very hard for the last month or so about quitting smoking. I've been smoking for around 5 years now, and I'm twenty-two so it makes sense for me to kick the bucket now rather than try to abstract it in to sentiments like "I'm young I can do what I want now and deal with the consequences later".

But I'm finding it hard to go beyond the day mark. I'm currently living in Italy where the evidence of smoking is everywhere. The woman I live with smokes, all my friends here smoke, I have a lot of time to myself and so I smoke. I chainsmoke when I draw to keep focused, I smoke every meals, I smoke first thing every morning with a cup of coffee.

But every time I get a new pack of tobacco, I feel this underlying guilt. I know in my head that I need to quit, but I've always lacked drive. I know if I can stop smoking I can do anything in the world. 

I'm sick of swallowing my own phlegm, I'm sick of telling my friends that I'm quitting and then skulking out to buy more filters or papers, I'm sick of being short of breath, I'm sick of not feeling able to exercise properly because my chest hurts, I'm just so done with it but there's a little part of my brain that tells me "but you love smoking, without smoking you wouldn't have finished your degree, without smoking you wouldn't have met all your friends".

I just have to make it ten days. Ten days. If I make it to ten days, I can quit forever. But I don't know how I'm going to do it. I get stressed out very easily. I start pacing around the house, and all I can think of is cigarettes. I know it's linked in to my mental health, as I picked up the habit big time whilst smoking joints in my youth (I've managed to kick a daily weed habit which I thought would be impossible, so why wouldn't I be able to do this?)

Today I'm going to stop, and it's going to suck, and I feel like I'm probably going to get super unproductive. Even as I type this, I'm really not sure if I can do it or if I want to do it. But I told my mum that I'm trying to quit, and I know she'll be really disappointed if I come home for Christmas and I'm still puffing away.

Anyway, I guess I just needed somewhere to put this for it to be solid and tangible and stuff.