Day 10

It’s getting a little easier. Cravings are fewer and further apart, but still suck when I get them. 

I’m starting to feel better. My stomach issues have calmed down and I am starting to feel like my body is revolting against me less every day. 

I’m still irritable at times. Mostly in the mornings when the craving for a cigarette is the strongest, and with my SO who refuses to stop smoking in the house, is smoking in the house.  He knows I’ve quit yet can’t understand what my problem is when he’s being difficult AND smoking first thing in the morning....yeah I’m just being “bitchy” 

Yesterday I had tantrum over moisturizer. Once I realized I was acting ridiculous I was able to calm myself down. 

I still can’t play video games, which sucks because it’s something I really enjoy. Problem is that when I game, I smoke, a lot. I’ve tried firing up the PlayStation a few times, but when the craving hits I loose focus and I’m just not much into anymore, even after I work through the craving. 

I’ve been watching a lot of tv. Seems to be a good distraction. Not associated with smoking and helps me forget. 

I’ve joined a gym this week(and splurged on a new pair of running shoes and a cute gym bag!) Been a couple of times. I’m seriously out of shape but I’ve noticed even now it’s easier to breathe while exercising. I used to get winded just walking up a few steps! 

I dreamed about smoking last night. Strangest thing, in the dream I opened my door to let my dogs out in the morning and there was a pack of cigarettes sitting on the welcome mat, waiting for me. In the dream I took them, ran inside and smoked them all, one after another. I felt so sick and ashamed after. Then when I woke up my throat hurt and my chest burned like I had actually spent the night chain smoking! It was so strange.  My cravings where extra strong this morning too. You would think after waking up feeling like that I wouldn’t want one, but I did! 

I’m still amazed by the money I’m saving. I was spending close to $100/week on cigarettes! I used to check my bank account every day with anxiety so I could be sure I had enough money to make it through the week AND afford those cigarettes, if it looked like it was going to be tight that week I would have even more anxiety which in turn would make me smoke more and cost even more money! Now I can go days without spending any money at all and still when I check my account I am amazed by how much money is left in it because I haven’t been throwing it away on smokes.   Now when I’m browsing online and I come across an expensive pair of shoes I like,  or whatever I just tell myself “you know, one week without cigarettes and you could totally afford that!” And it helps me, even if I don’t actually end up blowing $100 on a pair of boots because I’m unemployed right now and am more responsible than that lol but just the thought that I could, that it’s a possibility, is helpful. 

Guess there’s not much of a point to this post, just wanted to get some thoughts out. Hope everyone is staying strong and hanging in there. 
