I love smoking. I stopped anyway.

It has been hard for me to stop (1 week and 1 day so far)
How did I stop? Cold turkey. 
Smoked a cigar to cope the day after I stopped and regretted it halfway through, never wavered after.

My whole life I romanticized the act of smoking.
I love how it looks, I love how it burns my throat and lungs.
I love how it feels to light it and roll it between my fingers.
I love having a "thing".
I love the song "viceroy" by Mac Demarco.
I still sing it, when I really need a cigarette.
"Viceroy.. early in the morning.."

BUT

I also don't like standing in the cold, the rain, the wind.
I don't like spending 7.50CAD$ per day (that's about 2700$ per year, I could be debt free if I didn't smoke in the last years).
I don't like getting bronchitis every winter (twice this year).
I don't like helping my asthma.
I don't like it when my girlfriend doesn't like the taste of my lips
or the smell of my beard.
I don't like the fact that I didn't get as hard (down there) in the past couple years.
Or the freezing feeling in my hands and feet.
I don't like having to go out everyday and buy "a thing".

I like not having to spend 7.50 per day.
I like not having to go out in the cold/rain/wind.
I like that my sex life already has improved (it's about stiffness before it becomes a more important problem it really is).
I like that I will most likely not have my lungs kill me from bronchitis, next winter.
If I do (asthma, that's how it is), it'll clear up much faster and I won't have to force myself to smoke half a light cigarette to feed my addiction when my lungs burn so much I can't breathe.

I like that I don't have to stress about my next cigarette or where to find a shop to buy some everytime I go out or I'm stuck somewhere.
I like having less stuff to carry in my pockets.

It's been one week, it's easier to breathe.
It's been one week and I don't want to go back.
Even if I love cigarettes, I know they have no place in my life.
With the added 240$ per month in my pockets, I'll be f***ing comfortable, not rich, but definitely less poor.
I can buy nice soil and nice seeds for gardening this summer.

No particular reason for this post.
Felt inspired, have a good day!!

EDIT: Badges are messed up still, shows 3 days when it's really 8!