Serial non quitter. Had enough.

I’m whispering into the void in an attempt at accountability from fellow quitters.

I have wanted to quit for about 10 years. Every Monday I tell myself this is the week. Every Friday I say my goodbyes to cigarettes, and each following Monday I allow my junkie brain to find an excuse to smoke for one more week. The reasons are ridiculous - I’m really busy this week and need to focus. My quit anniversary can’t be the 14th. It needs to be the first of the month, or the 15th, or a memorable day. I was too rushed on Friday and didn’t have a proper goodbye. It’s insane, and it’s self inflicted torture. 

My smoking habits are a little different than most. I hide it from my wife. She thinks I’ve quit years ago, and when she rarely smells it on me I say, yeah, I had one from a guy at the building. I’m self employed, working by myself in my workshop during the week. I only smoke at work. And when I’m home for the weekend I just don’t smoke for two days, and pick it right back up on Monday. Sometimes I “have to work” on Saturday just so I can fart around the shop and smoke. The guilt and shame of it all makes me sick. I absolutely hate myself for it. I’m currently smoking my (last) pack as I write this. It’s Friday after all. Weekly quit day.

But humor me when I say, as an admitted junkie, this time it has to be real. I told myself I’d quit when my wife got pregnant. And again when the baby was born. But my sweet baby is turning one soon and I just can’t keep doing this. I wake up coughing. My teeth are yellow. And god damnit, I want to grow a luscious black beard before even more grey comes in. I shave now because my upper lip hair gets nicotine tinged. God, the things I do, don’t do, and sacrifice just so I can smoke. It’s disgusting. I’m disgusted with myself.

All to say, it probably seems obvious that I want this. Hell, I know I can go two days because I do it almost every weekend. When I travel with my wife or family I just don’t smoke for 5-10 days. I CAN do it. I’ve just wanted to smoke more than not. Or been too weak not to. I’ve always been okay not smoking for short periods, so long as I know there is another cigarette in my future.

So the biggest hurdle won’t be the physical challenge of going 2/5/20 days. It will be the mental challenge of accepting this is over. It’s done. Move forward in mental and physical health. I know that if I can get over that mental hump, I’ll be fine, and happy as a non smoker. I want it. I have this nagging feeling that I need it for myself. Not just the health rewards, but the self confidence.

Thanks for listening to this frustrated, guilt-stricken, ashamed individual. I want accountability and I will check back in next week.