6 days in and in great spirits... how to deal with fatigue?

Howdy everyone!
I have posted here in the past and received a lot of greatsupport during my previous quit attempts. 
I am 6 days into my current quitting journey, and I’m feeling pretty damn enthusiastic. I have no doubt that this time will be THE time. I am using nicotine patches as my replacement therapy, graduating to Step 2 in a few days. I know challenges will present themselves as I wean myself off of the patches, but I feel like I can weather the coming storm. 

However...

I have experienced extreme spells of fatigue for the last two days. I’ve had trouble falling asleep at night and waking up in the morning. I do not wear the patch to bed (I remove it about an hour prior so I don’t get those vivid dreams). My boyfriend will wake me up in the morning to say “Good morning. Put on your patch!” and it’s been very helpful. This morning, however, I told him I needed more sleep from my terrible prior nights sleep. 

I initially woke up at 7:00 AM. Stayed in bed. Fell back asleep until 12:00. Moved to the couch.  Slept until 6:00 PM. I finally got up, put on my patch, showered, tried to eat, and went to the store. The times I was awake I definitely considered finding a cigarette, but not seriously enough to cheat. I felt like I was detoxing and experiencing nicotine whtdrawls, but not cigarette cravings, if that makes sense. It was super harsh, almost like at that point staying in bed was better than waking up and facing the withdrawal, but I was SO DAMN TIRED. 

The last two days have been similar, but today was the worst. Does anyone have any tips on how to deal with this? I use melatonin but I feel like it may be messing with my natural rhythm. Even someone letting me know this is normal and will pass would be tremendously reassuring. 

A few hours will mark the longest I’ve gone without a cigarette in 15 years. Any tips and tricks would be immensely appreciated. 

To everyone who is beginning their journey: Keep up the good work! No one regrets quitting! You’ll get there one day. Keep it up and your life will be full. 
Thank you in advance for your time. 
Namaste. ✌️