Might need some help!

Hey, hope you're having a wonderful day!   


Anyway, I've been smoke free for about 2 weeks, I've been smoking on and off for like a year, smoking for 2 weeks then not smoking for a month etc, I kinda wanted to quit, but didn't gave a shit at the same time, but recently I decided to put a stop to this nonsense. The thing is, I've never experienced such fuckery ever.... It seems like I'm angry and anxious ALL THE TIME, when I'm talking to someone and they say something that criticizes me in the slightest way or our opinions differ I just seem to explode and turn to this huge sack of shit. I literally can't control it, it just feels like the machine starts and I just spectate and can't do anything about it. I've kinda dealt with this is the past, but obviously it wasn't that vicious and obviously I returned back to smoking and everything was fantastic. For me to smoke cigs regularly, I also must smoke weed, otherwise I get depressed and start questioning myself, why the hell am I doing this to myself, then quit -&gt; few days and I get back on the same wagon, the weed makes me not give a slightest shit about life, so I'll never go back to smoking bud, the cycle never ends.

&amp;#x200B;

 I feel so mad and hurt at myself, knowing that definitely ain't me, I just want to hear few encouraging words from this awesome community, as I've been lurking here for at least a year and your success stories bring a smile to my face. &lt;3 I've been drinking from time to time to ease the pain a little bit and make myself some what normal and happy, seeing that side of myself really sucks and gets me down so much, nothing really helps, but alcohol, I ain't trying to go down that road to keep myself civil, but I guess that's a must for now. The first week, I guess was some what fine, but it seemed to get worse and worse, also sometimes I feel like I'm mentally handicapped, but that's not the case, I hope lol. Anyway, thank you dear stranger for reading this and, if you got any encouraging words to drop or just say, that this fuckery someday will end , I would really APPRECIATE IT, because as of now this is unbearable. 