Quitting Tomorrow - Asking for some tips

Hey guys and gals. 

A bit of background into my journey... Over the past 3 months, I have gone the majority of the time without smoking, and I had the 1st attempt last about 2 months before I purchased a vape (no particular reason). The vaping lasted about a month, throughout which I was absolutely miserable, and really down on the fact that I was gripped by nicotine again. Managed to quit again about a month ago, and a couple of days ago bought a pack after realizing that "I wasn't doing it right". 

From the last quit, I realized that I was really fighting the cravings (which weren't bad at all, in hindsight) instead of just being with them, and recognizing that they won't really be able to hurt me.  
However, here I stand, smoking again, and looking to quit tomorrow. I realized that the allure of quitting looms strong, and I always have great resolve in the beginning, and it seems to wean off over the course of time. 

Last night, I had an ex-girlfriend reach out and tell me that I was hard-headed, and didn't really accept people's help, and she seems to be right, in a way. I've taken on a spiritual path, and it seems like nicotine is a HUGE barrier to me being happy with myself, as I feel like a foreign substance makes up my personality as long as I'm smoking.

My question here, I guess, is what tips would you guys &amp; gals have to keep the resolve strong, so that even a month down the road, the cravings are dealt with effectively, and not letting this little sh\*t (excuse my language) get back into my thought-process. 

I really want to be rid of this addiction, and I'm reaching out for help as I know you people are all amazing, and fighting a fight that non-smokers never really know about. I just need to stay away, as I'm truly unhappy with myself when I'm smoking, and besides it fulfilling the physical withdrawal, the mental strain it puts on me isn't even worth the physical "relief". 

Just looking for tips to keep the resolve. I'm really open to anything at this point.