Quitting for more money and less awkwardness

Hi all! I joined reddit and this group today based on the suggestion of the Smoke Free app’s daily mission

I’m 35, divorced mom of one, part-time barista, full-time student, and now an ex-smoker. Today is day 5 for me after repeated attempts over the years. I’ve been a most-of-a-pack-a-day smoker for many years, with various quits for surgeries and pregnancies (2x surrogate).

Now that I’m working part-time for 2¢ above minimum wage, the cost of a pack-a-day is just WAY outside my budget. Add to that my son and I will likely be moving in with my parents (currently renting and the owner just passed away, so it’s only a matter of time before the kids want to sell), and since I am the only smoker in the family, I just can’t imagine “sneaking” past my parents to smoke outside during study breaks and after dinner.

So, I’ve decided to quit, with a goal of being 30 days cigarette-free by my 36th birthday next month.

I’ve got a vape I’ve used off and on for the past 5 years or so, so I’ve switched to that in lieu of using NRT patches or gum, since I already have the vape and juice and don’t want to plunk down  money when I’ve already got the vape. I do intend to have a goal to be off nicotine altogether, and I’m already vaping less often than I smoked, but all of my past attempts were either cold turkey or with NRT, so I’m giving this a try.

For me, smoking was mostly about boredom. If I’m counseling a youth camp for a week, I don’t really feel cravings and easily go without a smoke for a week. If I’m camping with my parents for the weekend, or going to Disneyland with family, I don’t care that I’m not smoking. But plop me at home with nothing to do (or a ton of reading for class), or driving around town (something I do for my side summer job) and I’m aching for a smoke.

My main withdrawal symptom, as I have been reducing my vape usage, is anger. Oh, MAN, does my temper flare quickly!! I’m working on focusing on my breath and consciously taking control of my emotions and my reactions to incidents, but I am not a happy person to be around for the time being.

Anyhoo, thanks for reading, thank you for YOUR posts, and thank you for understanding my newb status here on the lovey reddit.

I look forward to reading more posts of inspiration and commiserations.