Very personal considerations about smoking.

I'ill try to be sincere.

My parents are smokers. I smoke since i was 13 years old and now i am 22.
The reason for starting i guess are the same for most of the smokers, it was the cool thing to do, in order to be accepted and respected from the popular guys.
It worked. The other little idiots were more accepting on me even if they were calling me fatty and other kind words just a week earlier.
But i didn't care that much, i was with the cool people, and if just a week before seeing those guys punching weaklings was very painful for me, now i was the one doing it, smoking and suppressing my feeling as they were raising.
After one year, in 2nd grade, instead of purchasing the train ticket i was purchasing cigarettes, and except when i was in classroom, i always wanted everybody else to see me cool, to see me smoking.
At 16 years old, when i broke up with my first love, we had a webcam conversation on MSN since i wanted to see her for the last time (we were from different cities) and in order to make her see how much i was depressed and frustrated and angry at her for leaving me i smoked three cigarettes one after another.
After that, i've started to hate girls and to be a jerk in order to just fuck and be again a cool and popular guy, it worked and i was 17 at the moment.
I was on the top of the roller coaster again, with girls looking at me and smoking 7/10 cigs every afternoon just for sustaining my status.
Then i've found another girl. She was sweet and pretty, and i was a motherfucker, we got engaged while at the same time i wasn't willing to let go my reputation, i was being silly with other girls, always looking for opportunities, not wanting to let even a single door close.
This was something my girlfriend recognized, and passively accepted while at the same time my jerkiness wasn't funny anymore and this conflict in my head between a wonderful girl which i was starting to love and the other girls which i did want to stay with, my person slowly getting less and even less popular, big problems in my house and my total carelessness about all of this made me build up stress, more stress and more and more stress until my hidden genes started to reveal themselves, Bang! Alopecia universalis.
After this, everything around me took a depressed tint.
I was seeing myself as a monster, and i can assure everybody that the way you see yourself is fucking reflected outside, what changes is at which degree other people perceive it.
I broke with this last girl, i was again inside those crazy ideas that you get after becoming single again.
"Oh god, i want revenge and i will have it, girls are all beeeep and i just want to beeeep them because i deserve it all after this suffering and nobody can understand what i am feeling right now bla bla bla bla"
I was already feeling that the mentality behind the so called "social status" today is somewhat a big hungry whore that only wants to eat everything from you for it's own pleasure, so i decided to become vegetarian for kinda "purify" my egoistic mind acting from the stomach.
It made me more healthy, but i was still smoking 25 cigs a day to counterbalance the effect of the diet.
I always loved to dance, i actually love electronic music and it had always gave me feels that very little things have passed in term of intensity, since i was a child, and at 19 years old: here comes the drugs, duru duru.
Whole new experiences, the saturday ritual was dancing under amphetamines/mdma for 8/10 hours non stop and smoking, playing with my hormones while the reality around me was fading away as the high was coming up, the fun, the parties, going crazy and being cool once again, and after that feeling shit at work for the comedown, and slowly becoming aware about how artificial and selfish this was, selling your cognitive abilities like short term memory and such for living in the moment, having fun like there's no tomorrow.
Then, after some time, i've experienced a bad trip.
In this trip, with my ego dead and everything around me shifting from awesome/sexy/funny/the best you will see in this life to miserable, i've started to consider some things.
Everything has two different outcomes, life included.
One can choose the immediate reward, say smoking or taking hard drugs in order to forget every problem and leave it for later, because this one casual person that i will start to call "Mr. One" feels that he is special, better than everyone else and deserves to be treated better than the others.
"One", feels that smoking a cigarette will relax him, will make him forget every problem he has, until the next cigarette.
One, sometimes is aware of being a slave which gives away a lot of money for an illusion, an artificial emotion caused by the first dopamine rush nicotine has caused him to experience on his life.
One, when anxious in front of someone he likes and wants to talk with, fades away, standing still in the corner behind a facade of smoke hoping that this person will notice him, he feels angry when this person goes away, and shuts this feeling down smoking another cigarette.
One inside his soul, deep beneath the layer of tar and sadness, feels very shameful for being a slave of this fake feelings, he feels weak and dependent.
One has experienced a bad trip where reality wasn't reality anymore just because he choosed to be "the popular guy" at 13 years old.
Now one has stopped smoking since that bad trip, he took drugs again after quitting, but he didn't smoke even when he was high and happy like nobody else and confident and perfect.
Now i face the real world, my job has become harder, i feel shame everytime i meet a stare and i don't know when this feeling of emptiness will go away, but i resist.
I resist because i don't want to feed my narcissistic ego with fake emotions and i want to be a pure person, i want to be free from the temptations that this society provides constantly, i want to use my money to see the world, not to reduce my lifespan for calming the feeling of not being the 1st person in the world.
I don't need cigarettes, but after 3 weeks smoke free today is one of the days where my mouth is drooling more than normal and my stomach is closed, i would like to smoke a cigarette, but i will not do that, you know why? 
Because it's like breaking with someone you loved more than yourself.
You cry and you are still in love with that person, but what you love, is not the person itself, are the memories you have with that person.
And once you become aware that the person you used to love has changed and has revealed its true self, a world of illusions and lies, you are ready to say bye and move on.


Sorry for my horrible english anyway.