How I quit with LSD &amp; a book

On my last LSD trip (about 150-200ug) I smoked many cigarettes, but I also actively reflected on my habit of smoking a lot. I kept thinking "smoking is so weird" but I still felt like I generally enjoy smoking and I still thought quitting would be the worst. But at some point after the peak, cigarettes started tasting a little disgusting. I mostly finished them anyways and kept on smoking. At some point, I rolled another cig and started smoking it, and suddenly it struck me: It REALLY tastes like shit. It tasted incredibly poisonous and chemical. Well, that's actually exactly what it is. So for the rest of the night, I couldn't imagine to smoke another one, they just disgusted me.

The next week I still had holidays, which is usually the time I smoke the most. But the first few days after the trip, smoking still seemed quite undesirable to me. I hadn't yet made the decision to definitely quit but it was exciting not to smoke. As the week was passing I tried single hits of the cigs of my friends a few times, and I realized it felt similar to what I was used to. But the acid just left me with this motivation to quit. And I also felt like I "owed" pulling through to my trip and myself. While I was telling all that to a friend of mine, he told me about "The Easyway to Stop Smoking" by Allen Carr. It's a book and it will change and save your life. It says that you can go on smoking until you finished reading and it's all about WANTING to quit, because being smoke-free is actually amazing and not so hard. It's mostly the fear and indecision associated with quitting that makes it hard. Throughout the week I read most of it.

When Friday night came and I was planning to go to a rave, I hesitantly decided to smoke again. But viewing smoking from the perspective of what I learned in the book, it just struck me as ridiculous. At some point, in front of the club, I once again realized that it doesn't even taste good. I just put it out and was like FUCK SMOKING. I quit. This was my last one. I was pretty much done with it and glared at a bright, smoke-free future. At firsts, I had to face a bit of doubt from the smokers around me but I also received lots of recognition and envy.

I definitely recommend reading the book. I know it's scary but the book will also take this fear away. It'll basically just tell you why quitting is awesome.

By the way, I don't recommend taking acid and waiting for it to magically cure addiction. But it CAN support, or in rare cases (like mine) cause quitting. It's a wonderful substance anyways, but it's not for everyone and it's definitely important to do lots of research before taking it.