"No, I don´t smoke." The Hypnosis approach.

Hi!

After following this sub for a few month and reading everything in between from "whah, it´s easy, just stop" to the most heartbreaking struggles some of you fellow addicts have shared, I thought i should chime in here.

I stopped smoking yesterday. I started however 19y ago and didn´t catch a good break from it ever since although I think i might have tried every facilitating technique and device except laser-accupuncture over the years. Tomorrow is my 32nd birthday.

Now I´m not gonna do any advertisement here, but just tell you about my experience. Note, that I´m not gullible in any obvious way and really don´t think magic exists. Now that that´s out of the way, I visited one of the most succesful german habit-battling hypnotists yesterday and I´m quite amazed.

My session stretched over nearly 3h, as was planned. We talked about a lot of the circumstances of my habit forming and how my days with lots and less cigarettes go about. She tried to find out, what makes my smoker senses tingle and I knew a lot about the mechanics at hand, after trying to fight them for such a long time. It was moving for me to talk about losing this battle time and time again. I didn´t think she was coming up with a new solution and she didn´t surprise me in any way. A lot of the things she said were biologically and neurologically not precise or contradicted directly what i know (I´m a nurse).

What the offer entails, anyway, is to experience the battle of marlboro-image and cancer-fright once more in your head and it turns out the way you want to, bc you talked it over earlier,while you are / I was in a state of unfocused state-of-mind. For example my therapist made me answer "No, I don´t  smoke." to friendsI imagined and in the hypnosis it really got to me.

Then, you get to keep that experience/artificial memory of having quit smoking before and can act on it better in "real life" bc you know how it feels, and turns out. In a way, you already get the reward before the effort, it ends the question "What if I can´t feel good without smoking anymore", that keeps a lot of my friends from trying.


TL;DR: Go see a hypno-therapist, talk through your fears and hopes, be open for a new self image, enjoy.
 