Self Destructive Behavior, a rant.

This morning I receive a message from my ex girlfriend, reminding me that I owe 100 dollars, from 6 months ago. 

About my Ex and I  : 

1. We have been on and off for 3 years, 1 of those years completely apart.
2. Six months in I knew she was not for me, but she continued to fight for it because for some reason she believes it really does work, regardless of all of the arguments and how much we don’t have in common.
3. I believe I treat her great, being thoughtful, taking her out, gifts, attentive, I listen to her and I just really fucking try. 
4. I believe SHE does not return the favor, she's passive, doesn’t pay attention to me and seems to be annoyed with me most of the time. 

For various other reasons I have never been comfortable with this relationship. I've always felt that it was based on sentimentality and sex and I should do better for myself. I believe she uses guilt and other tactics to keep me at bay, and convinces me that I'm thinking way to much into things, that I should ignore her passiveness ( because she's not cheating on me ) and so on. 

The problem is that I KNOW what it feels like to be really into somebody, and to have them be into you, I know what a balanced relationship feels like and in other words, I know how I should be treated. I was not receiving that thus I got out of it, multiple times. 

Back to this morning, which started last night:

Last night she sends me a very flattering photo of herself, she is indeed a beautiful girl. I reply  " I wish your personality matched your looks, maybe we would get a long " and this leads to a discussion, with me finally mentioned that I have made peace with this relationship. 

She wants me to elaborate on that, " what do you mean by 'peace' "

And I explain that I have thought about it, about "this" , and have come to the conclusion that it's you.  You do the minimum and expect me to the the most. I was never okay with this, and I have told you the same thing over three years and nothing seems to get through. 

You would think she would think about it and reply, but she just goes " okay " and that’s that. That non response is worst to me than her cursing me out, calling me names or iono ANYTHING, but it’s the non response the really ticks me off the most.

She did respond though,

This morning, by reminding me that I owe her 100 dollars, from months ago. 

During one of our outings I overspent. Movie + Fancy Restaurant + took HER home in cab cause she was tired. All that caused me to be broke the next week, and by Tuesday I didn’t have enough to buy lunch, so she sent me 100 dollars.  And she is right, I did not pay that back immediately, I had Rent and other bills falling in that same week, so it slipped through. 

But since than, I have spent waaaaaay more than 100 dollars on her, way past the point where the fact that she's even asking for this back is so ridiculous to me, It perpetuates the idea that she wasn't in this because she cared about me, she cared about what I did for her, and how I was the ideal BF, but she had no interest in what I like or want to do, and I feel she strung this along for as long as she could. 

I said all of this to say this main piece right here, and how this relates to r/stopsmoking

My first reaction when I saw that message was to say FUCK IT, I'm going to be late today because I have to write out this ANGRY message to her, fucking stick it to her in this text. FUCK MY BUS, FUCK being early for work. I AM SO ANGRY IM GOING TO SIT HERE AND FUCK MYSELF OVER so that she understands how WORTHLESS SHE IS. (btw I recently lost my phone so I would literally have to sit at my imac and message her through imessage ) 

But how dumb is all of that? 

How ass backwards is it, that in order to stick it to her, I am willing to be late for work, start my day off poorly, probably end it poorly, stressed out and angry. " I am so angry I'm going to sit here and self destruct and make the matter even worst " , 

I am not sure if its because I have been refraining from self destructive behavior, not smoking for almost two weeks now ( I slipped on Saturday, 1 cig, but I really decided to stop two Sunday's ago, but I restarted my count for accuracy ), I was able to stop, think about what I was doing and what I was about to do to myself. So I left a simple reply of " I will get that back to you " , get on my bus, got to work, and continue my otherwise productive day. 

This is a different way of doing things for me. I did not realize how prone I am to self destruction, how it even FEELS like the right thing to do, how it FEELS like it will make me feel better. But once I got past the initial anger, and stopped and thought about the actual repercussions, and It makes no sense! 

STAY STRONG BROTHERS AND SISTERS! 

TL;DR : Ex girlfriend got me upset, I was going to ruin my own day in order to get back at her, realized my self destructive behavior, decided on having a good day. 
