A dumb and trapped fool

Reading stories on this subreddit has helped me stay level, so I thought I would contribute mine.

I quit smoking cigarettes cold turkey 5 days ago. I was addicted to nicotine for about 13 years. I quit on a whim when I thought I was going to have a heart attack after a smoke. Fuck that noise, I'm 30 years old. I'm starting to really notice the effects that smoking has had on my body. I can already breathe better, my resting heart rate has lowered along with my blood pressure, and my anxiety has gone down. My physical health is the biggest reason for quitting. I would be devastated if I was wheelchair or oxygen bound for the rest of my life due to this dumb habit.

Quitting has been in the back of my mind for a while now. I bought a vape a few years ago in an effort to quit, but just went 100% vape for 2 years and probably got more addicted to that thing than I ever did with cigarettes. About a year ago I tried to quit nicotine but it didn't take long for me to start smoking again. I restarted my smoking habit by smoking 1-2 a day...3-4 a day...10-20 a day. Was trying to justify those first few smokes because I was "doing so well" and "I didn't even really like them". Back to a pack a day for the last year and I am over this shit. I'm 30 years old, and I never thought I would be smoking for this long. Like everyone else I thought that I would only smoke for a few years and quit before I "really get addicted". I was a dumb and trapped fool.

It's only been 5 days, and things haven't been that bad withdrawal-wise yet. I'm irritable/emotional, can't sleep well, have a feeling of emptiness/boredom. It's getting better though, cravings are down and I'm finally not thinking about smoking ALL of the time.  Every time I am craving a smoke I just try to remember all of the negatives that came with smoking and all the negatives that could still come if I start again. Lung cancer and heart disease aren't baller-status. I'm just hoping that I didn't cause too much permanent damage to my body. I have a ways to go still, but I don't have any plans of wrecking myself more. 

To everyone who has quit, no matter how far along you are, I respect you. 

Good luck everyone!