Day 1

Today, after several unsuccessful attempts, I quit smoking for good. I feel like stating some facts about my addiction, which I'll come back to and hold against me whenever I have cravings, and that might be relatable to others - I'd be happy if this could be compelling for anyone else.

I started smoking when I was 18-19 years old. The people I used to hang with at the time were mostly smokers. I have been blaming the fact that I went from being strongly opposed to smoking - and very vocal about it - to mildly interested, to a smoker, on them, but I should blame it on me and on my lack of volition not to pick up the filthy habit. 
I remember dreaming (literally) about smoking at first, then starting with a few drags from my friends, to bumming cigs, to buying packets. In hindsight, I did it because I wanted to fit in, to look cool, to look bold.

After an initial, short honeymoon phase, I've always wanted to quit. I never really accepted the idea of being a smoker, as I kept seeing it as a temporary thing, something I was about to end. I've always thought of myself as being in control though... after all, I was able to quit whenever I wanted to, right? But with every attempt, I have failed all the same.
I have had a quite complicated life, during these few (not so few anymore, approaching the 6 years mark), regretful years. I've been moving a lot, dealing with family issues, trying to overcome unsettling breakups, struggling to find my way in uni. Cigarettes would be there, ready to be lit every time I'd feel stressed, down, like some sick kind of solace that seems to tell you "if everything is trash, at least I'm having a smoke". It took a little longer, and I wasn't able to give them up anymore, even when the period was good or the time right to celebrate. After picking up the habit, it's just the chemistry of it, isn't it?

Cigarettes have turned me into a lazy person. I used to exercise a lot more and even though I can't really complain, being still fit and in decent health, I start noticing the nasty residues smoking is leaving on my body. My smell, my taste, my sight, my teeth, my shortening breath.
The "screw that" mentality has been the reason to pick up something else, that was utterly foreign to me: procrastination.
I let many important things go and I trace it all back to starting smoking.
Now to the real guilt bearing stuff: I used to put off my mom's cigarettes, when I was 5-8. I would tell her, it's bad for you, don't do it! She'd listen and eventually quit. Can't see how I could forget to live up to something like this.
My dad's best friend, a long time smoker, died of lung cancer. He was a guitarist, as myself and a man I loved. One of the last things he told my parents was to encourage me never to give up playing. This, too, I almost completely did.

I think that when you scrape it down to the bare bone, the perfect, vicious logic of smoking is the following: we're all gonna die, so in the end, it will make no difference what kind of life we have led. In some way, the logic is indisputable; you might come up with the counterargument that, well, you might leave a sign of your passage if you achieve something... but 1G years from now probably no memory of it will be left anyways. Yes, being miserable is justifiable and logically sound. As it is the behavior of such a kid: the one who sits on the bench while the others play, too scared to play along cause he might get hurt, too shy to jump in because of the others' judgement, too insecure to get involved, unsure whether he has what it takes to play decently; there's certainly plenty of justifiable reasoning going on there, and maybe a couple occasions where it makes sense to think that way. Nonetheless, no one ever enjoyed life from the bench, nor anyone might ever enjoy life if everything he does is awaiting death, puffing on a stupid cigarette. Sorry, this digression got quite existential and out of control, here.

To wrap it up, these are the facts and I'm very, truly, 100% done smoking. Good luck to us all.

Edit: typos.