My Personal Letter to Cigarettes

I have been a smoker since I was 13.  I quit for 4 years in college, of all fucking places, but started again at the end of my second senior year.  Since then I have smoked for 11 years consistently.  Even reaching a pack a day.  I have tried to “quit” but really it was just lip service so parents, friends, random people, or my wife, would get off my case. 

I am going to miss you, cigarettes.  I mean, really, really miss you.  I have had so many wonderful things happen while smoking.  Conversations outside of a bar, church, friend’s house, party, work, or almost anywhere that I would find another one of us.  You have been one of my best friend.  I can quietly sip coffee and think to myself.  I can calm the nerves when life or a situation seems difficult.  I can escape during my work day to call a friend while smoking.  After a few beers, I can enjoy the warm smoke going into my lungs and a slow exhale.  

But you are one mother fucker.  That deep inside of me craving that self-discipline ignores and justifies is like a hot knife inside of my soul.  Never have I been a slave to such a master.  You are not a friend, you are my worst fucking enemy.  

I have made excuses for you, built my life around you and you plan on killing me.  I go everywhere thinking about when we will hang out.  I plan events and times with family around excuses to go and smoke.  I have spent so much money on this hobby that if life threatening.  

I would listen to people say, “I have to have coffee in the morning or I am not me”.  Everyone would laugh and relate.  I would sit there with shame and hate in my eye thinking of how everyone would snap at me if I said that about you, cigarettes.  I would justify smoking because I causally worked out.  It was my drug to make me feel normal, and no one understood.  If I mentioned something like that people would look at me like I was crazy.  But at least I had my time alone to have a cigarette.  What a lie.  You fucking tricked me into feeling like I am unique in this struggle or that it was just my “coffee”.  It is not, it is death.

I would not quit because I didn’t like how I snapped at my friends, kids and wife.  I thought that smoking would continue to make me normal.  I don’t even remember what it was like to have a normal attitude in a day without you.  Supposedly, it gets better.  How the fuck am I supposed to know?  It feels like seconds are hours when I am not smoking.  People are like grating nails on a chalkboard without you.  What a twisted web of deception.  Can I feel normal without you?

People know I smoke.  My kids are starting to get older and ask why it smells after I shamefully try and hide smoking.  It is embarrassing.  You are an embarrassment to my life.  I am not proud to be a smoker and have you as a friend. 

I think about God and how He should be able to help me with this.  God has impacted all areas of my life and brought about new things that are wonderful.  I keep holding onto you because I do not believe He can or wants to help.  Maybe this time will be different.

So, this is my goodbye to you, cigarettes.  Get the fuck out of my life.  One moment at a time I will say no to this deception and life weaved around me.  Please God, bring some difference in my life.  This is my cry for help.  

Sincerely,

An Ex Smoker 

TLDR: Cigarettes suck, it’s time for me to quit.
