This is an Open Letter to the Smoker Who Want to Quit but Feel Like They are Hopelessly Addicted I was You! Pack a Day + to Zero in Two Weeks, Nothing for Two More. It. Is. Possible.

I am 50/M, smoker for 35 years (since I was 15).  Before this, the longest I quit was for 8 weeks, and That was because I was forced to quit in Army Basic Training.  I immediately bough a pack of smokes the day of graduation, and have barely put them down since.

I went to my doc last month and told her I am finally ready to quit.  After cheering for me, she gave me a scrip for Chantix and a refill for Xanax that I refill on occasion for anxiety.

I didn't quit until week two of Chantix, and I still vaped, but at a very small nicotine level.  I was all ready to  go, and right away ran into a snag.  My mom went to the ER for a heart issue.  She was fine, but I grabbed a pack of smokes, which I went through in 4 days.  I bought another one while out drinking and they lasted 4 or 5 days.  Actually, that wasn't too bad for me, but I felt that I let down my wife and kids.  I lied to them, saying that I hadn't had a smoke in 2 weeks, but I actually had 40!

Anyway, that was it for me.  I kept the vape charged up and got a bunch of candy and other shit, and went for it.  The vape is only used when no one else is around, as I don't want it to become "acceptable behavoiur".

The first week sucked badly.  All I could think about was smoking.  I ate a shitload of candy and chewed on life savers, straws, cinnamon sticks, pen caps, etc.  I ate sunflower seeds, nuts, and drank huge amounts of water.  I avoided alcohol and other triggers like that.  

I was also a complete asshole to my entire family.  EVERYTHING irritated me.  If I wasn't irritated I was depressed, thinking about smoking (BTW, pining for a smoke and craving a smoke are two different things.  Think of it as losing a girlfriend.  You can miss her in a general sense, and you can miss the sex.  That is the difference between pining and a craving).

Anyway, that slowly evolved over the week into what I am right now.  I do not miss it at all, but I do still crave it.  Those cravings never seemed to stop before, but now they are gone almost before I can react.

Every day has gotten easier.  I no longer habitually almost order a pack of smokes at the gas station.  The worst cravings happen the first thing in the morning and after a meal, but like I said, they go away almost immediately.

I am trying to keep myself busy, and I have worked around the house.  Outdoor stuff is a bit harder because of triggers, but indoor projects help.

I have also discovered that video games help too.  I lean more to the RPG genre, but I have been into No Man's Sky recently, which is a lot of fun since they have updated and improved the game a lot since launch.  It is chock full of mini rewards that help, and it isn't too stressful compared to other games.

So anyway, that is my rambling story.  You can see my other rants from before that are not nearly as ---stable?  

So to all you people out there that feel like they will never be able to quit:  I was one of you.  I really never thought I could do it and I did.  I am in enough control now to know that I will not smoke anymore.  You can do it.  I am rooting for you.