I am on Around day 12 or so (had a Foggy Start, I Explain in the Text). Here is my Rant--Also, I am Much Better Now ;)

I am on Chantix and I vape a tiny amount of nicotine which I will ween off of soon.  It has basically been almost a month since I "quit"  I quote it because I bought and smoked 2 packs over 10 or so days in the beginning.  I was a 1 to 1.5 pack a day smoker.  I have not smoked at all in about 12 days.

I haven't quit this long since I was in Army Basic training where I was forced to quit for 9 weeks.  I was 20 then, I am 50 now...

Anyway cravings are very controllable and I don't even think about buying them.  I have trouble focusing for long, and I feel like I have to be doing something all of the time.  I am chewing on pen caps, cinnamon sticks, mints, gum, you name it.  I don't "miss" smoking at this point either.  Most triggers are gone, except for after eating a big meal, and alcohol.  That one will probably never go away.

For the most part, any cravings I have are gone before I can even think on acting upon them, which I think is the Chantix working.  I also forgot how to use the cruise control in my car today.  I have used it every day for 10 years in this car and today I forgot how to turn it on.  That kinda scared me.  I have also noticed that I am 
talking a lot more, and that my internal censor is not turned on as much.  I am acting kind of obnoxiously  in a way.  I catch myself talking to myself (more than I usually do).  It concerns me because I don't know if this is part of the meds or "the real me" coming out after 30 year of being hidden by nicotine.  I am not sure if I like it.  Is my personality changing?

I also had my first smoking dream.  In the dream I took about 5 hits, hated it, and put it out.  I noticed cravings being a bit stronger than usual today.

Finally I don't hate everyone nearly as much as I did last week.  I am beginning to tolerate people more.  I hate not having an excuse to get up and walk away from a conversation though ;)  

PS:  I have been playing a game called "No Man's Sky" on my PC.  It is on XBOX and PS4 as well.  I love this game and can get lost in it for hours.  I recommend it as good therapy.  r/nomansskythegame