One week since I have tried to Quit: A Rant

Let me first say that I have taken opiate pain meds long term (like a year ) several times and found it no problem to drop them, but smoking is its own animal.

OK, so I was a 1-2 pack a day smoker since I was about 14.  The only serious time I ever quit was during basic in the Army.  I was forced to quit for 9 weeks and all I could think about was smoking that whole time.  Every time I woke up, every time I ate, got done with exercise, took a shit, went to bed, etc.  The day I graduated basic I went to the store and smoked 5 cigs right there.  I am utterly addicted.

Now I am 50 and it is well past the time to quit.  I am currently on Chantix and my quit date was July 31st.  I made it through till Saturday and was out drinking with a friend, and I bought a pack like an idiot.  

Since then I have smoked one or three a day since then.   My 11 year old daughter and biggest cheerleader, who is so proud of me, caught me, and I lied to her.  I came back later and confessed that I did smoke, and I won't anymore, which was a lie, since I have had several.

Meanwhile, I began to vape a few years ago to reduce my smoking and eliminate having to go on smoke breaks.  I did it at my desk with no flavor/smell, and blow it down under my desk.  I got away with it for a few years until my manager told me HR got a complaint and made a new policy regarding vaping, so that's now out at work.  I am looking at this as a good thing, as I no longer have that trigger anymore.  I told everyone that the vape has on nicotine, but it really has 5 mg (i bought 25 mg bottles and mix my own).

The best part is that I have been, at times, an absolute asshole to everyone around me, while they have been completely understanding and helpful.  My niece even bough be a "care package after googling helpful stop smoking aids, and bought me all kinds of snacks and even cinnamon sticks, (which I recommend)

So basically I'm a sneaky liar.  I lied to my kid to her face, and offhandedly to my family.  I am at work now.  I still have three or four cigs left from the pack Sat night, and right now I have every intention of ripping them up when I get home.  

However, that can change in an instant.  I can also go into a nasty rage at any given moment.  Luckily I catch myself and walk away before I say something horrible that I don't mean.

I am in a good place at the moment with a cinnamon stick in my mouth.  This could change in 20 minutes!

Thank you for reading my rant.