So Is It Me, or Have Stop Smoking Commercials Gotten Worse Over the Years?

This is going to be long.  It is a rant on the anti-smoking commercials.  First, the ones that I think work:

* The one where the girl is signing a contract over to cigarettes.  This hits home, and is very true in a lot of ways.
* The early "truth" commercials.  They used facts and showed how the companies are screwing you over.

That's it.  The rest do NO good on young people.  Why?  Because young people are self-centered and selfish as hell.  Young people think that they are immortal and don't care what happens to them when they're 50.  50 is so far away it might as well be 100.  Who cares what happens to you when you are old.

Nope.  The nest deterrent, by far, was stopping smoking indoors.  Personally I hated it, but I am glad they did it.  Those kids walk by those hoards of old people smoking out in the cold, smelling horrible.  They are, "like, people's dads and moms and stuff"  They look so weird out there, corralled in the smoking area, like lepers.

Suddenly, smoking was that weird thing that old people do outside, and it was no longer cool.

Now they are continuing the bad anti smoking commercials.  The one about the stunted growth lungs getting abused?  It isn't even funny.  It's sad.  

Oh, and now the anti-vaping commercials are even worse.  They really can't say a lot about them since there isn't a lot of info on them yet, so they try to say that they are just as bad, or worse, than smoking.  Regardless of this being true or not, it makes them look stupid and lose any kind of respect with kids.

Finally, I have the idea for the perfect anti smoking/vaping commercial.  Show an old guy trying to act cool, but coming off as creepy.  Have him do vape tricks or have him hang out in the park smoking, dressed like a kid, driving a pedovan.  Or show a bunch of grown ups penned in the smoking section at the local bar or company, looking like complete idiots.  Show 30 second live streams of the smoking room in the Atlanta airport!.

Now pay me!

&amp;#x200B;