Reward Time

My first ‘reward milestone’ has been hit, so I thought I’d assess how things are going.  I don’t save an awful lot of money to be honest, it has never really been a great incentive to give up, as I rolled my own cigarettes.  So I set myself a realistic goal.  It would have been stupid to set something expensive and be waiting a long time for the target to arrive.  So I picked something relatively cheap, something I wouldn’t have bought otherwise, and which has taken me 17 days to get to.  Yesterday I ordered it.  It was a nice feeling, being able to finally get something back, for what has been a nice slice of hell.  I thoroughly recommend having some sort of reward system though, it gives you something big to aim for, and makes you feel like you’re achieving something, and that it’s not all for nothing.

So, how’s it going and how have the last 18 days been?  I guess that’s what the new guys, and potential quitters want to know.  It’s not been very nice, if I’m honest.  A lot of people say the first three days are the worst, but I found days 6 and 7 much harder.  I’m not sure why that was, it didn’t really make any sense, but that’s how it was and I dealt with it, as best I could.  Now it’s a case of trying to remember, every day, that I’m not a smoker.  It’s difficult to reprogram over twenty years of wiring.  Even this morning, as I was brushing my teeth shortly after getting up, I thought about that first morning cigarette, and had to mentally correct myself.  Nothing seems to be getting any better in that respect, although I guess there are less of those moments and the aim, I guess, is to get to zero moments.  I still feel like there is something inherently missing in my life, and I imagine that’s where a lot of people start eating to fill the void.  It doesn’t really help though, there just seems to be a constant emptiness that I just can’t explain, or get over.  I hope it will go away at some point.  

So yeah, this is certainly the hardest thing I’ve had to do, and it’s not even close to being completed yet.  It’s a bit depressing actually, but I don’t want to put anyone off.  The good thing is that when I think about smoking, aside from a very fleeting inclination, I actually remember (and know) that it’s not actually very nice.  
