Deliver me from temptation

I’m sure a lot of people will relate to this, and hopefully might (possibly) help someone just about to cave.  Most of us know about the ‘trigger times’ as they’re termed.  They’re generally common times like, first thing in the morning, after food, having a drink etc.  Well, this afternoon was a different kind of trigger, the lesser known rare occasion.  I had an eye appointment booked, so ducked out of work for an hour.  On the way there, my mind was saying ‘hmm, we could just pop to the shop and get some smokes’.

Now, there’s not really much logic I can cram in here, it’s just plain weird.  It’s not a normal occurrence, and I can’t really explain why I was craving a cigarette at this bloody strange time, despite being off the things for a good 11 days.  Anyway, I managed to avoid the craving, and even walk past a cigarette stocked shop, get to my appointment and then back to work again, without incident, as it were.  I told myself a number of things, which is the bit I think might help anyone in a similar situation.

1)	It is five minutes of ‘satisfaction’, if you can call it that.  You’ll smoke, no doubt even get a rather nice nicotine rush, but it’ll be over in next to no time, and you’ll hate yourself for it.

2)	You’ll have wasted 11 days of effort.  Worse still, you’ll either have to start smoking again, or go through the whole process of getting rid of the nicotine again.  The clock resets and again, you’ll feel like shit.

3)	You’ll have a packet of smokes.  You can’t tell yourself it’s only one cigarette, because you’ll still have more in the box, and then in another hour, you’ll want another one.  Where does it end?  Or, worse, you only have one, throw all the others away and it costs a whole lot more for just one cigarette you don’t even really want.

It wasn’t really a single one of these that stopped me doing it, it was probably a combination of the three, but I somehow managed to escape the compulsion and find my way back here.  Giving up is really hard, and it seems even more depressing when things like this happen, and we’re forced to reflect that it’s ‘one day at a time’, because it really is at the moment.  I hope it gets easier.
