Day 3

Firstly, tl;dr, sorry.  Short story is that I’m on day 3 now.  Over 20 years of smoking 20 a day.

Since I last posted on here, a month ago maybe, I splashed out on acupuncture, which made absolutely no impact at all.  I felt miserable having wasted the money, but as I’d paid for two sessions, the clinic kindly said I could try hypnotherapy instead.  That didn’t work either, so all in all, a bit depressing.  Having failed straight after, I forked out some more money on Champix.  Three weeks in, and I’m not sure what difference it’s making to be honest, aside from the side effects.  Immediately after taking each tablet, they make me feel physically sick, which is never a nice experience.  On top of that, they make me extremely tired, so much so that I’m almost falling asleep driving home from work.  The plus side, in the first week, was that they made cigarettes taste very bad.  So much so, that I even put some of them out half way through.  I tried to give up on day 9 of the course, and before the end of day 10 I had to buy some cigarettes.  I’ve always tried to plan my stop date so that it coincides with work, as that’s where I smoke less.  Then I remembered something from Carr’s book about actually trying to do it during your worst time.  For me, I always guessed that was the weekend.  I smoke more, I have more free time for it, I have a drink.  As Carr says, if you can get through your worst time, all other times should be easy right?  So, for the first time ever, I stopped smoking at the weekend.  On Friday night the cigarettes ran out at around 9pm and I haven’t had one since.  It’s not been easy, of course not, but I haven’t really felt particularly challenged by it yet.  This is day 3, and although I’m feeling positive, I’m aware that this day is supposed to be the worst.  Nicotine’s desperate last stand, maybe, before it dies.  Day 3 is my kryptonite, I can’t remember the last time I ever got there.  I’m feeling pretty good about this one though.   Time to put my badge back on.  Thanks for listening :)