3 weeks

I really wanted to share this special time, even though it’s a little bit premature.  I will actually hit 3 weeks in around 10 hours, but I’m going out later and I really wanted to put something up on here today.  Not because of hitting a landmark or anything, but because of how I feel. I don’t expect everyone to be following everyone else’s progress, because it’s bloody difficult enough to get through each day when you’re quitting.  I posted here [Reward Time](https://www.reddit.com/r/stopsmoking/comments/52pjmt/reward_time/) only two days ago, explaining how ‘nothing seems to be getting better’ and talking about the feeling of emptiness I still had.  In such a small space of time, things have dramatically changed.

Every day so far has felt like a ‘one step forward, two steps back’ approach to everything.  On the one hand, I’ve given up smoking which is amazing, let’s face it.  Even if it’s a day, two days, it’s awesome to be able to say that.  Two steps backward though, because of my feelings of sadness.  The feeling that I have absolutely nothing to look forward to, from one day to the next.  It’s crazy to think like that, that somehow having a cigarette made me not feel any of that.  That somehow, the cigarette was my thing to look forward to, all of the bloody time.  I explained that to a non-smoker and it sounded absolutely incredible, even to me.  Even when I’ve had plans of some sort, it has still felt like I’ve got absolutely nothing to look forward to at all.  Crazy.  Until yesterday.

I don’t know what has happened, I don’t know if other people experience this, but suddenly, that feeling has gone.  I noticed it yesterday but didn’t want to get carried away.  I’m not suggesting that everything is completely rosy now, of course not.  But it is perceptibly better.  I don’t feel as empty, and I don’t feel as though I have nothing to look forward to.  On the contrary, I have plans tonight and I’m looking forward to it.  I’m even going to be out with a smoker, and I don’t feel apprehensive or scared.  I feel like some of the load has been lifted.  Not all of it, but a big part of it.

Without any doubt, a lot of that is down to all of you guys.  Even the littlest things, like up-votes, comments, advice, encouragement, it has all added up.  If there is anyone feeling like I did, in the first three weeks, I hope this helps to know that it should get better for you too.  

Thank you all, and here’s to another 3 weeks!