Day 21, new to the sub & grateful it exists.

I'm a 42 year old male, I've been addicted to caffeine for roughly 30 years. I began smoking at the age of 29, Djarum cloves. They're 60% tobacco 40% clove blended. So my addiction may seem like 60% of a typical cigarette smokers addiction but I assure you, where I lacked in percentage I made up for in quantity. 

I smoked at least 24 cloves a day, 30+ on the heavier days. I'm not even sure what came over me but on June 24th I decided I was done with caffeine. My caffeine habit is embarrassing to even be open about but I think I should be honest here. Pepsi was my poison, and I drank at least 4 litres a day. More often than not, about 6 litres. 

I drank so much Pepsi and smoked so many cloves, I wouldn't even get hungry till around 7pm most days. Anyway, so on June 24th I decided it was something I would no longer tolerate from myself. I quit cold turkey, switched right to water. It was really hard to make that change, water doesn't do it for me. 

Day two, I had horrible migraines. I took showers in the dark and put the massage feature on the shower head and let it massage my scalp, that was the only relief I wouldn't even take ibuprofen. Day three, I can barely get out of bed. My lower back is wrecked, I feel like I've been hit by a car(I've been hit by a car before, I know how it feels). 

My sleep is all fucked up, everything is fucked up. Late into day 3 I'm noticing leg pains. Day 4, extreme back and leg pains. These didn't let up till around day 7, I kept thinking wtf man it's not heroin why am I in so much pain. I googled it and found I wasn't the only one, that helped. 

Feeling those effects, it made me realize how much of a grip caffeine had on me. It only made me never ever want to go back to it again. So I pushed on, July 1st I had a pack of cloves and I told myself it would be my last. I stopped smoking that night, and to my surprise it was the easiest of any of the previous times I've attempted quitting. 

I believe it was all due to having quit caffeine, and how hard that was on my body. I felt as though I had accomplished so much, and I was running on momentum. So on July 2nd I was done smoking. Around July 6th I noticed something different going on with my dog. Again, I feel like such a shitbag admitting this but I'm here to be real. 

My dog has had extremely red eyes since I've had her. All the whites of her eyes have always been very red. She never seemed to act as though it bothered her and the vet didn't have any answers for it. Well so about July 6th my dog Kaya now has barely any red eye, by July 8th is virtually 100% gone. I smoked in my room, and she'd often come in here with me. 

I have no doubt the smoke was the cause of her eye redness, it's day 21 having not smoked and Kaya's eyes are not red at all and haven't been since I quit. This gave me more than enough reason to never smoke again. It's so strange that I don't care about my own body, but once I realized I was hurting my dog with it too... I had all the strength I needed to quit. 

I believe there's something to this momentum thing I'm on, too. Having quit caffeine I felt as though I had accomplished a lot, and that gave me strength. I used that strength and momentum and quit smoking next. Now it's been 21 days and I feel like I've beat these vices forever, but I'm not stopping there. 

I plan to now quit consuming anything that has added sugar in it. I don't know if that even makes sense, I'm not a nutritionist and I don't follow any certain diet trends I just think sugar isn't good for me and I want it out of my life next. My goal is to eliminate and and all stimulant intake. I want to get myself down to just simply water and food, good food. 

I'm not sure why I'm even posting this. I write a lot on reddit, but this one feels like my lousiest story ever written. I don't feel the same way I normally do when I'm about to hit submit. I guess I'm gonna hit it anyways, maybe it'll help someone. Stay strong, wherever you are in your journey. 