Thank you (again), r/Stopsmoking and thank you Allen Carr.

So, on the 19th of December 2016, I’ve quit smoking after finding this subreddit, back then I had another fake-account cause I never use reddit to post anything. I can’t find the post to link it in here so I will just make a new post, that might help some of you guys. (Sorry for my Grammar, English is not my mainlanguage)


Almost 2 Years ago, I was a heavy smoker, 1-2 Big Packs Marlboro per day. I started smoking when I was 15 years and I did it till I was 22.


I never had the intention to quit, I loved the smell, the taste, the feeling.. everything! Or, atleast I thought so. The only time I quit was for a period of 4 month while I was in prison. Otherwise I wanted to smoke for the rest of my life.


However, in mid 2016 i discovered reddit (in Germany not as popular as in the U.S,not even close). And I didn’t expect anything at all just some laughs from time to time. 
At one point I stumbled across this subreddit and that was just the best thing that could’ve happened to me.
First I read a lot about this Guy, Allen Carr here, Allen Carr there, people talk about him all over this sub. So I had to read or listen to his book, I decided to do the latter, I was astonished by how this guy breaks down that subject so nicely I don’t know, you just feel like an idiot because your smoking.
I would say, I was almost ready to quit after listening to his book. But I wasn’t ready yet...


Few days forward:  I read that one post, of this daughter who just lost her father due to the consequences of smoking (one of the top posts here). I don’t know what that was, but I was so fucking depressed by reading that, at the same time I looked at the picture on my fresh opened Marlboro Pack, and saw that dying guy in his hospital bed,surrounded by his wife and kids, with the title: „don’t let your loved ones down...“
(on the packages in Europe, they put „Shock-Pictures“ on them to scare the people, I used to laugh at those Methods..)

 
Anyways, now I’m here. Just smoked a cigarette 10 minutes before I read that sad Story, my box had 19/20 cigarettes in it. I went to bed and just said to myself, tomorrow I’m a non-smoker..

I woke up the next morning and told my gf about it, she didn’t take me serious for 1 second, I couldn’t blame her. So I told her take that Package give it to one of your colleges or something, I don’t want/need it. She didn’t take me serious and I didn’t blame her.


The following week we met and I gave her the 19/20 package and there was no questioning anymore. I just did it and I don’t want to brag about it, I want you -the person who in this moment reads this- to understand that you can do it yourself, no matter how old you are. 


Of course there will be urges, especially when you encouter Stress situations or any problems, you want to light one up, but just keep in mind, even if you smoke it, the problem remains the same...

So with that one, i want to thank each and every one of guys, read Allen carrs book if you haven’t yet, I didn’t believe in it before and it helped me big time!


One last thing: the reason I post this today, is because i had a relapse, I started smoking weed heavily again for the last 4 month and I just quitted 6 days ago.  It’s hell compared to quitting cigarettes. Since I only smoked weed + tobacco, I basically started smoking cigarettes too again for the last 4 month.
Believe me, I looked at my left over cigarettes which were for the weed consumption all the time and i received bad news too this week, I was about to light one up....but I didn’t. 



I wish you the best!


