Some thoughts having stopped for eight days.

With the amount of time I have spent simply thinking about the nature and process of addiction and withdrawal for the past week or so, I could easily write a novel on the experience thus far. I'm just going to start writing, so forgive me if this post lacks structure. I stopped smoking for over three years and came back to it probably a year or so ago, during a business trip to Las Vegas, where women will approach you while you are gambling with a tray of cigarettes. I remember consciously thinking to myself "I am deciding to begin smoking again. It will be pleasurable at first, and then difficult to stop." Over the past year or so, I've smoked roughly half a pack a day. As I've grown older, smoking has become more a psychological crutch, something to do, keep the day going. My mouth is still on fire. The addiction begins in the gums, in the teeth, on the tongue, and in the mouth. It occurs in the form of a raw ache, a throbbing ache, coming in waves. Yes, it does get easier. Last night I refused to go out, and at times kept clenching my fist and punching my mattress. Gritting my teeth. Using cinnamon toothpicks definitely helps. As does gum. I need to buy more gum. I went to the gym every single day this week. With the exception of today. My body does need a break. I am still coughing of discolored mucus, but it is nice to consider that as a physical sign of recovery. I actually went out on Saturday and had two drinks, and by God, I was tenser than I had been in a while, but I did not smoke. I realized I had kept a pack, and the next day cut it up with scissors, sprayed the pieces with bathroom cleaning disinfectant, and threw it all into the garbage. The aching in the mouth eventually subsides. And get this, the girl I went out with is a therapist and runs a smoking cessation group. She was telling me about the increased chance of permanent cessation by using gum, patches, medication, etc. ALL OF WHICH ARE CRUTCHES. I likened using a patch or gum to the "quantitative easing" used by the Federal Reserve. I still think its a good analogy. Anyway, I need to learn to go out and live without smoking, can't just stay cooped up in my apartment all day and night. I believe that this next week will be easier than the last. 