I am a 20 year old non-smoker in a house full of smokers. I'm scared of picking up the habit one day soon.

Hello, please let me know if this isn't allowed since I am a non-smoker; Feel free to take it down if it's against the rules. Assuming that it is allowed, here it goes.

I have never so much as hit a cigarette. I know all the health hazards, the financial, mental and emotional costs. My father smoked until he died, as did my grandmother; my mother smokes, my older brother smokes, my baby sister smokes; my sister in law just picked up smoking again after having her baby; my uncle smokes, my neighbors and friends smoke... You get the picture. The list goes on. 

I've been living with this all my life, and I've held out and been smart, but recently, when I get stressed or angry, the thought comes unbidden to my mind that I could just take a cigarette from any of the multiple packs lying around when no one is looking, go into the back yard and smoke it and no one would ever know. If someone noticed a missing cigarette, no one would ever think that I took it.   

Now, I am ashamed of this. I have beat myself up over it, called myself stupid, cried and grit my teeth and generally made myself miserable. I haven't told anyone, not even my mama, because I know they would be upset with me. Maybe even angry with me, because I'm the one who's always encouraging everyone to give up the habit (to no avail, ever), sharing tips and reason after reason for quitting...

Alright, now I'm rambling. And making myself very sad. The thing is, I know, backwards and forwards, all the reasons not to smoke. I know them better than most people; that's how I've made it to 20 (nearly 21) and still never picked up a cigarette. But lately, my mind has been betraying me and I don't know why. I've been having to consciously tell myself not to grab a pack of cigarettes and hide some of them, which I have never had to do before. And I am ashamed, embarrassed and frightened. I can't talk to anyone I know, because I know they would think less of me. Also, I feel like it would further validate the addiction the rest of my family is dealing with; "Oh, even she couldn't resist picking one up! Of course there's no hope for quitting!"

I don't want to smoke, but I feel like I'm going to break one day soon and it is killing me inside. 

I'm sorry this got so long, and if it's not allowed. I just needed to vent. If anyone has any advice for my situation, I would greatly appreciate it. 

Thank you for your time and attention,

AK 