Day 19

Today is day 19 for me. This is the longest I've gone without smoking since I started about 10-11 years ago. I had been getting pretty fed up with it lately and really wanted to quit on some level. I think in the here and now because I knew I had to and would have to at some point. My boyfriend and I just bought a house so money is tight enough, I was annoyed at how slow I moved in the morning, and I kept saying I'd quit by the time I was 30. Well, I'll be 30 in 6 months so here we are. I think maybe I wanted to want to quit more than I actually wanted to, but my opinion on that changes about 20x a day. I've tried quitting a handful of times in the past: half assing it when e-cigs first came out, again in college with nicotine patches and only lasting a day or two, using both nicotine patches and Wellbutrin about 2 years ago (which actually worked because I was so drugged out I don't think I realized I wanted a smoke) for a few weeks, and now doing it in some twisted cold turkey way. 

On July 15th I got a prescription for Wellbutrin and decided I would take it and quit within 2 weeks. I took the first dose on July 17th and felt it working immediately - by the second day cigarettes were tasting like shit and I was no longer smoking them in their entirety. By day 3 the side effects (not being able to sleep, dizziness, general numbing feeling) were becoming cumbersome and when I upped my dose on day 4 as per doctors orders I questioned my decision. Wellbutrin hadn't - from what I remembered - affected me like this the last time I took it; instead of the speed-induced feeling you're supposed to have, I was tired and lethargic and perpetually angry. My speech had gone to shit and I couldn't form a coherent thought no matter how hard I tried. 

A friend of mine who successfully quit using Allen Carr's method suggested I read the book, as it would tackle the mental part of smoking that the Wellbutrin wouldn't. I had read it once before but hadn't put much stock in it. It made sense but I didn't care and I wasn't ready to quit. This time, though, I sped through it and, at the halfway point, decided I would stop taking the Wellbutrin once I finished the book because I just couldn't take it anymore. I finished the book on July 24th, smoked my last smoke, and called it a day. I honestly cared more about stopping the Wellbutrin than anything else. I think smoking that final cigarette made me feel as though I was allowed to stop taking the pills, if that makes sense.

Day 1 without smoking was clouded in a Wellbutrin fog. Days 2 and 3 I had quitters flu and felt like absolute shit. Day 4 the fever, aches, and chills were finally gone but I wasn't as gung-ho about quitting as I had been while reading Allen Carr's book. The second week was pretty shitty, too, but at least I was able to sleep more than 4 hours at a time. I was incredibly depressed last week and couldn't shake the feeling, which is still here but slightly less this week. Here we are at day 19 and I want a cigarette so fucking badly and I've wanted one so fucking badly for the last 2 days - it just keeps getting progressively worse. I survived 2 nights of heavy drinking by chewing gum and toothpicks, yet I can't stand my own sober brain. I wonder if I convinced myself I had to quit instead of actually wanting to. I regret throwing out a pack and a half of smokes instead of just waiting to finish them. I miss taking a goddamn shit - it's been 3 weeks since I've been able to go like a normal human being. Part of me wants to fail so I can get it over with, and the other part of me doesn't *ever* want to have to go through the withdrawals I experienced during days 2 and 3. See what I'm doing? I'm giving myself excuses.

Anyway, not sure what the point of this post is. If you're still reading - thank you. Guess I just wanted to rant.