2 months and 19 days

Hey guys! I just wanted to give an update for anyone just starting or in the first few weeks! 

I am 2 months and 19 days in! The only times I really think about it is when I'm out drinking or when I see someone else smoking. Usually my thoughts are "I kind of want one, I miss it in a nostalgic kind of way, but I realize that I actually hate them and am so happy I'm finally free!!!! The part of me thinking I might want one is the addiction talking. That's not actually me."

For me, the first few days were the hardest mentally and physically. Day 4 was no problem but day 5 was a shit show. I broke down crying like a lunatic. After that it was smooth sailing. Day 15 was a little difficult from what I remember. And now I don't even think about it except for the times I mentioned above. 

My f*cking a$$hole neighbor offered me one while we were drinking together around month 2... right after I told him I quit and talked to him about how he wanted to quit. I said "no asshole I do not want one!" He laughed and got the picture. I can't be a social smoker. It's all or nothing for me... it's all or nothing for most of us here. And that's ok. But be aggressive in making your friends understand that it's so not cool to tempt you! I'm normally very friendly, understanding, and polite. But in the face of nicotine you gotta call it like you see it. Nicotine is a major asshole. Cigarettes are the biggest scam on society and the people that make them are assholes. Addiction may have a hold on some of your friends and they'll be tempted to do the same as mine and offer you one. DONT DO IT! "I'm done. Not even one" is our motto! 

So let me tell you about the benefits. The money. My goodness it's amazing how far I can stretch money now. I have less anxiety and got off of benzos. I didn't struggle with that either. It turns out that a lot of my anxiety was because my life revolved around a cigarette fix. The smell is gone. I don't worry about a social stigma or others finding out. I spend more time with my little one and boyfriend. There are literally no cons. Life is so much better post quit! 

If you're struggling to get through the first few days then I hope you remember to just keep not smoking. That's it. Don't let yourself cave. I know it's tough but there's no other option except a slow painful death. Your addiction center will hijack your brain and tell you there's nothing you want more. Tell your addiction center to shut the f*ck up already and let you be. Don't do it. JUST DONT! I feel so strongly about this and I want all of you to beat this and feel so much better too. 

If you haven't quit yet then tear them up or finish this last pack and just be done! You don't want to do this anymore. I know you think it's helping your stress or whatever but it's actually causing it. And sorry to say but I now get an instant headache and want to throw up around a smoker or the smell... a lot of people do. They're just too polite to say so. 

Hang I there everyone! There is an end in sight! 