Quit about 100 times cold turkey. Bought a Juul last night after another failed attempt

Hey everyone, 
I’ve been smoking about a pack a day for 11 years and have always hated it. In other aspects of my life
I try to take good care of myself by eating right, exercising and taking care of my mental/spiritual health. 

Smoking should not fit in my life. I am the only person in my immediate family who smokes. I have to keep it a secret from them and it’s just miserable. 

So last week, I went 4 days. The first 2 were awesome actually! I read Allen Carr’s book and his take on how stupid NRT is with prolonging the agony made sense to me so I took a very all or nothing approach to stopping. 

I also believe he hit the nail on the head with the addiction being 95 percent mental. On the 3rd day of my quit, things started to get hard. This boggles the logical side of my brain. I know that all the nicotine is out of my body. I know I don’t need it. But the cravings were FUCKING INSANE. I had to lock myself in the basement to stay away from everyone I live with. I was severely depressed. At the end of the fourth day, after having an especially shitty night at work, I caved. 

So I’ve been hearing about the juul and decided to try it. It’s amazing. I actually like it better than cigs which is almost scary.  I drank last night, which is a huge smoking trigger for me and was perfectly happy hitting this. I actually smoked my last cig in my pack and it tasted gross compared.

I bought this with the plan to use it for 2 weeks and stop because I don’t want to be addicted to nicotine in any form. I figured maybe if I remove all the other chemicals in cigs and get them out of my system I could deal with the nic monster separately. I don’t want to make a habit out of this. 

My question is:
Am I in lala land thinking that getting off this will be easier than cigs? Is it the nic talking?

I really like the fact that I can do this and be grossed out by cigs. I think that would help me in the long run. 
As in, 5 months down the line nic free, when I’m drunk at a bar and I forget how much I fucking hated smoking. That’s always been my downfall in the past. 

But I don’t know. I don’t want to be using this long term. Anyone have experience using this as a cessation tool? 