seven days for the first time since i started two weeks ago, diary/log included

so for the first time in seven years my skin color is not "greeen-ish".
for background info i am 18 years old, i have been smoking from 16, total of 2.5 ish years. about a year of that was on ecigs, around the very end before i took this very very low stress vacation. i am 20,000 miles from everyone i have ever known in a hostel. my second month here i decided to quit, here is the copypasta of my experiences, bear in mind a few of these dates were just me venting/ranting/being generally crazy mid-craving. it really wasent that bad if you can get some low stress time

these werent really written to share, but i want them out there anyways just because broadcasting to you guys has increased my motivations 10000x so here goes, its long and you dont have to read it.
DAY 1

yesterday my last cig burnt down, the filter snapped off in the paper lucky box, and i smoked it between my fingers, i know if i make this quit sucessfull i will always remember that half cigarette and what i felt smoking it. it was pretty bad from 8pm last night untill i finally managed to struggle my way into sleep.

cravings not really bad, snapped at a teacher. feel great(over all). feel clean. scraped toungue, that was gross. it was brown/yellow now it looks like tounge.

day 2

didnt take a shower all day. forgot you can get away with that as a nonsmoker. both times i've had a big craving a smoker has walked by and they smell god awfull

day 3

sooo... this is not as hard as i thought it would be... like at all.. spent all this time e only time i have such a huge amount of time psyching myself out of quitting. fear of failure or whatever, maybe thats gone which would be nice it dawned on me that this may be this will be the last (maybe forever) time i get two months off stress free. quitting could not possibly come at a better or smoother time. i'd love to go home to my folks and tell them i've been nic free for a month, first time since i started two years ago. we'll see how it goes but the cravings are not bad at all. even the infrequent harsh ones only last up to three minutes. the presonification of the beast has helped tremendously, maybe thats focus or drive to kill strong things dosent matter as long as it works for me. snacking and eating has gone up alot, i didnt realize what a strong app.supresser cigs were untill recently. this is not conductive to long term goals.have to stop missing gym sessions. my single biggest fear right now is boredom. boredom is when i start to hear just one (one means at least 20 and prob more). or i start to hear "hey it wasent that bad past the first night, you could do this whenever! so do it later and enjoy yourself!" fuckin' beast is a tricky cunt. but of course it is, its stolen and using part of my fucking brain. im going to starve that motherfucker.

day 4.
so the cravings are getting weaker. they are not hard to resist but there are some lasting 4-5 minutes.thats not so bad. it:s 6 o'clock and ive had 10 minutes of cravings in 2 sessions which is way way convenient. i keep thinking about my ecigs when i get back home, i have so much money just sitting there in electronics and liquids -.- it would be SOOOOOOOOO nice to be able to have a couple smokes/vape sessions a week and not get hooked... would i be moody from a comedown every time i stopped? even 1 day a week in unfunctional irritable mode is 4 a month, 52 a year so def not worth a couple smokes... it just would be nice if it wasent addicting.

day 5
so i woke uptoday and flipped open my laptop. didnt think about a smoke. honestly would have lazed about for a couple hours if i hadn't seen that article on cancer and how soon you smoke after you wake up. i think thats bullshit, the reason you would be higher risk if you smoke earlier would just be because smoking is a higher priority for you.

in five minutes i go to sleep but heres what im noting, im eatng more, trying to eat healthy has just resulted in me having my normal food with greens on the side, which is better than nothing i guess. pasta is not going to be hard to cut, but bread.... i love bread, its never leaving my life. i dropped a pot of chicken stock.i was damn proud of it too. its the first time i've ever bought a whole chicken and tried to cook it... and i spilled the pot i had cooking for 4 hours. the most intresting part is that it didnt bother me very much, probably much less than it would have as a smoker, but cleaning it up triggered a craving. something about stress... this may my reaction to stress for the rest of my life... nic cravings when shit goes bad, im 18, so if i stay healthy i can expect an average 58years left 

(which is bullshit since a woman my age gets 63. so much for that plan to outlive my eventual hypothetical lifelong SO.. maybe i could just have her executed right before i croak? i'll have to look into that. i wonder if men die earlier because its an average and it takes out the males who get themselves killed early, and the 1.1/7 billion population that smokes may be predominantly male as well, i should look into this.) 

so looking at 58 years of nic cravings triggered by the eventual high frequency stress pockets i will be facing as a full-fledged adult, it honestly dosen't look that bad right now.i can handle these, they're only in 2-5 minute increments. im glad i have decided to quit. my skin is looking better which is awesome, since i no longer am that pale shade of "pale-green-sickly". only getting better by the day. acnes down too! sleep quality last night was not as great, i hope the sleep improvements werent a just a tempoary wave like the  joy of being a non-smoker (read: fucking winner/disciplined motherfucker/slayer of the beast)

day 6: was fairly uneventfull. i should be doing more with my life and it feels like days are alot longer, which is always nice considering i'm always wishing for immortality

day 7: i dont think i had even ONE craving today. the magic sort of feeling has worn off but i know i can do this all of my life and all it would take is saying no to offers in bars/from friends. its kinda scary when i think about how its all on me, but i wouldnt have it any other way.

