Celebrating 2 months

Im eighteen and was smoking for 5 years.

For first two years it was fun, seriously. Going out with friends on a school break to talk and smoke a cig, meeting after school just to meet and smoke a cig, sneaking my head out of the window at night to look at the silent street while smoking a cig. 
I've never thought that i could do all the things the same way without smoking that cigarette. Even if all these moments and "social occiasions" that cig made resulted in having pretty good friends and memories, these moments are still fake. We didn't met cause we wanted to see each other, we didn't go out on a break to relax and inhale fresh air, we inhaled toxic smoke and that was the only reason half of the school had to freeze outside in the winter.

Of course as i said; it was fun. It was. As i grew up i realized that something is wrong, i was aware that smoking causes cancer but never thought it could happen to me. However i still found that weird pleasure while lighting a cig, but after some puffs i usually threw it on the ground, crushed with my foot and keep talking to myself "I am going to quit, someday"

I've realized that i could spent a week in home w/o smoking and was really happy about it. But when i left the house and meet friends no matter what earlier or later i smoked. I didnt feel bad about, it was summer break and i could just sit at home and i wouldnt be smoking, i thought that's enough. When you're out of money you cant afford cigs, and you're happy or angry about it. When you're at the work/school and cannot smoke you're happy or angry about it. Everythings depends whether you really want to quit or keep smoking, but remember that many people try to quit when they realize that the reasons which caused them to smoke are really different from the reasons that keep them smoking for years. The only reason you're smoking is because u lighted up that cigarette and took a puff, there is no other reason except that u're doing it. Addiction is only in our heads, when u change your thinking the addiction will disappear.

It took like 3-4 attempts to quit, but except the last i wouldn't really call them attempts, i've counted every hours i didn't had a cigarette and it felt like i was doing something very hard. It was like walking the tightrope and everytime i thought about smoking it was like i was looking down. I felt fear of quitting, nobody ever told me how to do it, nobody told me that my life will be much more better and that i should be happy while quitting because i just made a very very good choice in my life. Everybody is saying fake reasons when u ask them why they smoke, everybody seems happy with smoking, while everybody says that smoking slowly kills and causes cancer. Everybody is cheering you when u tell'em that youre quitting, even the smokers are happy about it, even if they're envious they're happy that you're trying to do something about it. 

All my experience led to that first day i finally quit, i wasn't trying to quit, i wasn't "not smoking" because i couldnt smoke. I quit because i really wanted to do it for a long time, and the feeling that im going to live the rest of my life without smoking was making me happy and feared at the same time. I wasnt smoking from the first day i had no cravings and it was really weird for me. Next days i spent mainly thinking about cigarettes, but i've learned to still keep walking even if there's a 100 feet fall under me. I still keep going out with friends, and even after drinking alcohol i never really wanted to smoke, after heavy drinking i woke up all sweaty almost crying only to realize i had a nightmare where i smoked a cig. Then i started to look up for informations, i started to read this sub more often. I was feeling no cravings for cigs, i was feeling cravings for knowledge; why i was smoking, how to keep being a cig free, why it comes so easy this time. Something like a week later i discovered an amazing book that most of you should already know "Allen Carr, Easyway" and 10/10 it contained everything that led me to quit, when i was reading it i felt like Allen somehow stole most of my thoughts, and i understood:

You have to think like a non-smoker from the start, youre not trying to quit, you already did it and should be happy about it.


