You can quit!

posted this as a comment the other day and no one read it :(
re-posting here in hopes it reaches and helps someone!

"smoked 15-20 years. cold turkey is the way to go. had a doc tell me there's a three-day withdrawl period, after which it's purely psychological (not to underestimate the psychological battle). this helped. i quit years ago but it took a few tries, one or two relapses. my 'system' is this: 1. decide you're done. don't 'try' to quit. decide you're done. say, 'I quit' out loud if necessary, as many times as you need to until you believe it. 2. throw away all your tobacco. you don't need to 'just finish' that pack - break up cigarettes, flush them down the toilet. remember, you've quit. this shouldn't bother you. throw away matches, lighters, and ashtrays, or at least wash the ashtrays out and put them in storage. or sell them, whatever. 3. block out three days. you can maybe go to work - being occupied and distracted is the important thing here. when you're busy you're not thinking about smoking. exercise, especially if you like exercising. treat yourself to food you like, entertainment you like, only not in smoky places. but these three days will be rough. day one is usually okay, day two so-so and day three you will probably feel like you're going insane. depressed, angry, impossible to be around, hating people, work, life, etc. this is why the day three at work might be tough. you probably won't be sleeping well, if at all, etc. also a good reason to take a three-day vacation if you can is breaking the routine is really helpful. otherwise that first coffee with a cigarette, smoke break at work, after lunch, etc feels painful. but if you're out hiking or at the movies or having sex with whomever, outside your regular routine, not so much. And that's it. if you've survived three days you've successfully quit (at least, tell yourself that). day four might be suprisingly easier than day three. but then of course the mental battle begins - you've got cigarettes out of your life, how do you keep them out? from now on - for a long while, anyway - you need to be careful you don't let your guard down. when drinking, when smokers are around (you will need to avoid smokers for a while, probably, and a partner who smokes will probably guarantee your failure), in moments of crisis. but you probably won't feel that day-three hell again if you don't relapse, and it gets easier as time passes until drinking, being around smokers etc isn't a problem. the benefits for me were astonishing. i smoked from about 15-30 or 35. when i quit (and it didn't take long) my sense of smell and taste returned, food, kissing and sex was therefore surprisingly much much better, my energy levels went way up, sports became more fun again, and my health improved right away (many many fewer colds, chronic coughs and stuffed noses etc). and maybe most importantly of all, i'm pretty sure it actually improved my mental health, either directly or indirectly through these other improvements, but quitting seemed to actually substantially help alleviate depression for me. had a few relapses, but never for too too long and found the same procedure held.
anybody trying to quit - good luck! you totally can do it."