My 2 Week Check-in!

I’ve reached my 2 week mark! It’s been hard and everyday is still a mental flow of “I want one, but no.”  The cravings, however has seemed to quit bothering me so much.  It could be because I’m not on vacation anymore, back at work for the past week and can keep myself busy.  When they do come, usually late at night before I sleep, I feel like giving in and just having a piece of Nicorette gum —which I haven’t used at all this time around— and have to talk myself out of it, but it’s nice talking myself out of a piece of gum rather than an actual cigarette.

I have noticed that my feelings have been a rollercoaster, snappy one moment and then lovey the next.  There’s no warning either.  Deep breathing before I answer anyone helps me at least keep my cool in most conversation.

I did feel back to normal today What with my energy level, dancing and singing around work like I normally do to help boost morale.  

I’ve gained 7 pounds since I quit, so I’ll have to start my diet again (I’m thinking after Halloween  because if we’re all being honest here, it’s no use to diet with candy around).  Have to dust off my Paula Abdul exercise VHS anyway so I can at least start convincing myself to start.

My insomnia is CRAZY!  I’ll sleep for maybe 3-4 hours, then I’ll wake up for no reason for a few hours, and then I’ll go back to sleep for another 3-4 hours.  So while I am getting a full night’s sleep, it’s broken up.  

As for how I feel, it isn’t very different.  I never coughed as a smoker and haven’t coughed at all since quitting.  My lungs still have a soreness to them, but that has calmed down a little...not as “bitey” as when I smoked.  I am more congested in my nose and sinuses, but the seasons are changing so I don’t know if it’s allergies/a cold moving in.  We’ll see how my first virus or bug treats me this year when it finds me.  

I am glad I don’t have to go outside in the 40* weather! I am beyond happy that I don’t smell like smoke anymore! People are commenting on how my booth at work smells nice which is something they’ve never done before.  I don’t really like how stinky the world has become though—humans really do have an odor.  Most aren’t as nice I would like.  Haven’t tasted much difference in food or drink.  Still all yummy! 

Good luck to all of you! 
