The even Easier Way

Last night the SO & I went out to celebrate me quitting smoking 3 months ago, January 4th. I had wine at dinner and then watched a 2 hour movie. Not once did I crave those damn things. 

I quit using Alan Carr's the Easy Way AND the patch. And it truly was easy.

I smoked a pack a day for 21 years. I LOVED smoking! I love the smell, the taste, the smoke breaks at work, the beer & cigarette, the coffee & cigarette and of course driving and smoking. I love all of it. 

Alan Carr's easy way helped me see it was the nicotine addict in me that actually loved those things and I began realizing a lot of it sucked. I smelled, I burned my clothes, I isolated myself from people and I was killing myself.  But I was still terrified of quitting. Then I came on here to this sub-reddit and I saw someone post they used the patch and were ashamed to admit it was easy. I know Carr says nicotine replacements are just prolonging the quit but I thought I should at least try it. 

That first day I was elated. I went skiing! I only had one really bad day that first week, day 4, I was tired and dizzy, that's it. But from then on I was good. I was only conquering the mental addiction and the habit, and not dealing with the panic and soul tearing pain of restricting myself from nicotine. (you know that feeling) 
Some days would be a harder than others but I would realize I WAS getting nicotine and I STILL felt bad, so it was mental. A cigarette wouldn't cure my anxiety because I had nicotine in my patch. I had to deal with the choice not to smoke. 
I took my last patch off April 1st. I have been completely free for 5 days and haven't felt one bit different than I did last week. Except I know now that I am COMPLETELY FREE and it feels amazing. 

Quit however you can. Use whichever method and as many as you need. The patch made it truly easy for me and I have never felt this good. I exercise daily now (never did that) I watch full movies without going outside and I work through the day without needing a break. This life is awesome, do whatever you can to have it too. 
