How I accidentally gave up smoking 20 a day after24 years. Now 2 years free

Hi everyone. I just wanted to share my experience of how I was a able to very easily kick the habit of smoking after 24 years.
I had my own personal reasons for  wanting quitting but here is how I did it. 

Also for note I started at 15 years old so it was a major part of my life. Anyway the way I did it was sort of by accident. I decided to try e-cigs. As they are supposed to be less harmful. My first pack was nice, a strange change but nice. This pack lasted about a week the the non refill filters ran out. By then I decided to buy the refillable e-cigs. I wasn't sure on  the strength so I bought the strongest nicotine. This turned out to be so pungent that I felt sick after trying a few puffs. Several hours later that day I was gasping for a smoke and tried it again. Again too strong. I decided to go to sleep that night. Next morning I tried again, 1 or 2 puffs. Waaay to powerful. Felt awful and gave me the jitters. As I was unable to buy any less strong liquid due to shops closed for public holidays I just didnt try again for the rest of the day. Next morning with my normal coffee on the balcony I hit the e-cig, had 2 puffs. Felt like shit. Put me off all day, rest of the day I didnt think about smoking at all. Can you see the pattern that started to repeat here? That next morning rinse and repeat. This went on for 2 weeks I just looked at the powerful e-cig and thought "my god, I havnt "actually" smoked for many many days now. that is when i realized that it was all psychological and the hook that smoking had on me was all in my head  So I put the box in a cupboard and didnt look back again. I didnt crave like before. Every time i thought about smoking i remembered how shitty I felt. 

I relapsed once after an argument with my other half. Got drunk, bought a pack of real smokes. Had 1. While smoking it i felt dirty and cheated. No yummy taste or great felling anymore. I finished off the one. Said goodbye to an old enemy and threw the rest away forever.

My story, I hope it can help you with your journey in some way.