A peculiar feeling

I am twenty and have been a smoker for the past four years.

Smoking has been my constant friend throughout all of adulthood. It seems hard to lose the companion who was with you all of this time and has helped you overcome stress, hunger and loneliness. I know I would have ended this toxic relationship sooner, if it wasn't for the fact that smoking can make me focus and access the creative part of my mind. I can not remember writing a song without having a lit cigarette between my lips. This means that the habit has also found its place in the creative ritual.

Yesterday morning I had been up all night, recollecting a fond memory of a certain spiritual experience, when a feeling started to creep up on me. Throughout the day I would have this uncaring expression on my face and didn't know if it was caused by apathy or bliss. As the peculiar feeling manifested itself more and more I started feeling the urge to *do things*, but I was craving sleep even more, so I slept.

Today I woke up around noon and for the first time in my life felt sorry for that. It was a feeling that I should have, even if it meant not getting enough sleep, just woke up, had a coffee and go do jogging meditation. Nevertheless, I woke up rather quickly, made some coffe and sat down on the computer. Usually I would open Reddit and click away, but not this time! I started coding some HTML and CSS and I completed my beautiful blog template. Now I'm just about to leave for work, but this time I don't feel like procrastinating and being late. I know that when I come back home I'll put my guitar down, change my clothes and go jog in the nearby park.
The best part is that I smoked one cigarette and it was only out of habit and tradition.

I do remember now what this peculiar feeling is and I am very happy to feel that again. It is how liberty feels. It is the understanding that every moment is perfect and should be met accordingly if one is to live happily.

Oh but my body doesn't feel so happy free. It is depressed and will continue to be so until I stop treating it like I don't care. All of this time I was being "healthy" by eating healthy food and walking to and from work every day. I treated those activities like if I was being generous with my body. Can you really be generous with *your own* body? Definitely not. You can only treat it with respect.

So I stopped smoking.