Why I hate smoking: written while I was still smoking.  I've never heard anyone express it like this -- can anyone else relate?

About a week ago, a non-smoker asked me why said that smoking ruins a person's quality of life.  This was the first time I put my feelings about it into writing.  Today, I break the habit.  Here is what I wrote:

>First I'll address the feelgood factor, then the impact on a smoker's quality of life. There are two components to each.  
The physical feelgood aspect is completely foreign to a non smoker such as yourself. If you were to smoke a cigarette now in any situation in which a smoker might perceive a benefit, there would be none for you. Examples of these situations include feeling stressed, feeling bored, or feeling physical withdrawal from nicotine.  
When a smoker feels physical withdrawals, this causes stress that only a cigarette (only nicotine really) can relieve. After repeatedly relieving this particular stress with a cigarette, a smoker's brain makes a general association between stress relief and cigarettes, not just withdrawal-induced stress. Your brain has no such association, so a cigarette wouldn't relive any stress that you might experience. Similarly, since the rate at which is smoker's body processes nicotine causes them to want to re-administer nicotine roughly once each hour, a smoker will associate relieving restlessness with smoking, so they might smoke more when caught in traffic, waiting for class to start, etc. A non smoker's brain hasn't made that connection.  
The most legitimate way in which smoking might make a smoker feel good is going outside with the other smokers to socialize and get social validation or feel like part of a group that has a commonality (that unifying characteristic is addiction). This is totally unnecessary, since you as a non-smoker don't need an excuse to enjoy the company of your friends/classmates/coworkers.  
So essentially, the feel good aspect is a complete sham, and instead of cigarettes offering additional good feelings, they only create an additional void in a smoker's life that shouldn't be there in the first place. As the only thing that can fill this void, they paradoxically solve the problem and cause it to inevitably reappear an hour later.  
Now, on to how it affects the smoker's quality of life:
You're already aware of the most obvious ways in which it subtracts from a smoker's quality of life, which are the physical and external effects. Calling cigarettes poison is not hyperbole. The lungs, heart, liver, skin, and probably other organs I'm not even aware of are damaged by the smoke. Smokers will never be able to achieve the same level of physical fitness that they would if they weren't smoking.  
I'm sure you're also aware that smokers smell bad, they have yellow teeth, they cough and spit and are generally not as attractive sexually or in any other way.  
Even beyond the physical unattractiveness, the fact that a smoker has lost a degree of control over their own lives, in that their schedules and finances and behavior are dictated to them by a chemical, is not an attractive quality in a person. And THAT leads into the most nefarious way that nicotine affects quality of life.  
Most smokers have tried to quit, probably more than once. Often a lot more than once. Even the ones who haven't tried for whatever reason don't want to be smokers once they realize that they're addicted.  
Here is where it gets personal. This is what I truly hate about smoking. I've never heard anyone else say it but I think it must not be a unique experience.  
I've told myself I was going to quit dozens of times. Every time I smoke again after promising that the last cigarette would be my final one, I betray myself. I cheat my future self out of time, money, and energy. I make promises to myself and then break them. Sometimes I tell my girlfriend I'm quitting, and she cheers me on and supports me. Or I tell my friends that I'm quitting, hoping that if they see me succeed maybe they'll have faith that they can too.  
Then I smoke again. Sometimes I try to hide it for a while. I brush my teeth or chew gum to mask the smell. I make excuses to get away for a few minutes to get my fix. I try to distort reality so they won't know the truth. Eventually they find out or I give up pretending.  
Every time it reinforces the belief that I'm not in control, that I can't trust myself. That I am limiting my potential and have no one to blame but myself. That I may never escape the cycle and be who I want to be.  
For me, smoking gradually erodes my confidence and faith in myself, and to me that's the worst thing I can imagine happening. Worse than destroying my body, worse than sabotaging my attractiveness and social status, worse than wasting my money and time, worse than any other effect. It makes me less of a man and goes against all of my values, and those are the things that give my life real value and purpose.  
So yes, smoking will impact your quality of life. Don't ever start.