Day 3 or 4, not sure.

Hey quitters! 

Rule 1 seems to be: never quit quitting until you've actually quit. :) 

Think this is attempt a bajillion, cold ham (hate turkey), it's felt a lot easier so far not being around other smokers, especially at work, where I could cheat. Self employed, or trying, these last few months so no colleagues being around is actually a relief. I rarely leave the house if I can avoid it lately, so not getting that super strong smell of other smokers being over powering. My house does smell weird as shit though I'm noticing  ;s

What I'm noticing more is a constant need to breathe deeply, anyone else like that? Big bastard deep breaths, not on purpose, but feels good.

Saw a good few more stopsmoking posts over the last few weeks than usual, seems to have worked subconsciously at least! Thank you other quitters for reminding me to quit!

The one thing that really wrecks my head about smoking is as soon as you start smoking again , even just one, it's like the nicotine deletes the thoughts of quitting and your goal of quitting, it's a real head fuck of a drug, at least that's my perception of the experience. Can't let the bastard win!!!

The awake all night hyper fast thoughts feeling manic phase could seriously just fuck off though. 

My dads technique I tried on Friday, worked for him coming up on 20 years, so for my 4 days it's also good. ;)

Trick: drink yourself sick. I used Romanian moonshine and uncountable amounts of beer. Try not to eat, especially anything dough based to avoid pukes. Smoke yourself sick also this one night alone, tobacco only I mean. No fun stuff. You must know the last smoke of the night is the actual last one, so none can remain tomorrow.  Be upbeat about the experience, enjoy it. You can be positive, pissed and making life affirming choices in one go, there are other ways than just dr Phils way.

Maybe not the most healthy quit advice. It's ok to drink alone if it's productive, anyway, what my dad told me he did was mentally reframe tobacco as a hated thing, and if he ever speaks of smoking now you can really hear the hate in his voice, like relearn to hate smoking. Do this during your drink yourself sick night. Make a mantra out of it, rewire those synapses and shit. 

The next day, non work/hangover alone friendly, ride out the feeling of death, drink loads of water and don't smoke. Don't go near smokers, don't pass smokers, don't do anything where you may smell smoke. Be at home, and keep asking yourself do you want to die? (The answer is always no)(life can be amazing)(game of thrones am I right!)

Fuck cigarette companies using you as a handy cash machine while you slowly die.
A few scenes from Braveheart should be recreated for those scummy CEOs.

Tomorrow the 16th, marks my grandfathers 100th birthday. He died 4 decades ago, absolutely riddled with tumors, like the majority of organs had them, due to smoking. 

Keep at that quitting game, practice makes perfect :)





