[Field Report] Had a party, didn't smoke (almost)

I have been quitting off and on for a few months now, but never for more than a week. The reason was I started smoking was because I was drinking; the headrush I got was *awesome*. So every time I was partying, I was smoking. Sometimes a whole pack in a night. Anyway...

Last night this girl who I've had my eye on for quite a while was set to come over.  She abhors smoking. So there was a dilemma, and one clear solution: For the first time in a year and a half, I would refrain from smoking while drunk. 

The night kicked off, and I was nervous. How would I handle being drunk, meeting a lot of new people, and *not* smoking? Three people came over first: 2 girls and a buddy of mine. These girls have *both* had serious crushes on me for years, but they are... a little heavy. Not fat, but not my type. I practice a bit of slightly drunk, non smoking game on them.  My mind was instantly blown. I wasn't hyper or jittery as usual, fighting to keep my "cool guy" game going. Everything was natural, relaxed. I couldn't remember the last time talking to girls was so *easy*.  Stage one complete. 

20 minutes later, my good buddy rolled up with at least 8 other people, a 50/50 split of sexes.  We immediately set up some pong and started shotgunning beers, doing shots, general shit.  During this time, a girl probably one or two years younger than me (I'm 20) catches my eye.  She is sitting next to the pong table, looking a little bored. I sit down next to her. She is wearing this headband with a golden token on the front. I ask her name. "Jessica" she says with a smile. "I'm James... were you at the party out in the woods last night?" "Yeah" she giggles. "I think I may have met you".  "Yeah." I chuckle. "I was pretty hammered, I was running around introducing my self to people, I don't remember half of them." She laughs. "What's that on your head?" I ask, pointing to her headband. "Oh... I'm going to a hippy party" I look down at my shirt, "Shit, I forgot my tie-dye". She laughs. I laugh. My exit is perfectly timed with my buddy waving me over to come take a shot with him. Perfect.

A short while later, the girl who this non-smoking me was for walks in the door.  "Here comes trouble" I say with a smile.  She smiles back "Hey you." She looks at me a little funny. She knows I'm a smoker, but I can tell she can sense something... different about me. I'm relaxed. Calm. Confident. My practicing on the other girls had paid off. Fighting off jonesing for a cigarette is much, much easier than trying to stay cool while hopped up on nicotine.  We play some stack-it/Goucho (for those who dont know what that is: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bpxrg3KbO_Q) she insists on standing next to me. During the game she is pushing into me with her hips in an attempt to throw off my aim. I push right back, and make a shot while simultaneously grabbing her cup and moving it, making her miss hers. "Fuck!" She yells playfully "I'm gonna get you". "Bulllllshiiiiiiitt" I say with a grin. The whole time, I catch her trying to catch a whiff of me. All she smells is my cologne, not some nasty smoke smell. She keeps looking at me funny. 

The game ends, and some poor bastard has to chug the middle cup. The rest of us head outside. Everyone lights up a smoke, and I refrain. Keeping my mind occupied with how fucking awesome I'm feeling. She sees me not smoking. Shes still looking at me with this confused look on her face. I act like I'm not paying attention, yuk-ing it up with some cool guys I met. We go back inside to take some Jagerbombs. She follows me right to the counter. I start pouring the shots, and she pours the Rockstar. Usually she only takes half a shot with her bombs. "Tell me when" I say as I'm filling up her glass. It gets full. "When!" she says with this beautiful smile. We take the Bombs, and get back to another game of stack-it.

 We keep playing she keeps running into me, giving me crazy amounts of attention. The party starts to peter out, and she has work in the morning. She is the last one to leave. I hug her once. "Thanks for coming". Her face is pressed into my chest, I can practically *feel* her smelling me, smelling the *lack of* cigarette smoke. "Of course!" she cheerfully replies. "Another shot before I go?" I laugh "ok". We take another shot. She insists on hugging me again. She leaves. 

5 minutes after, I walk outside. I wonder if I was just really lucky, or if it indeed *was* the lack of smoking. I light up. Instantly I feel jittery. The calm, cool and collected me was gone. "Mother fucker" I mutter. I put out the smoke after half of it. "I'm fucking done".