Day #2 - I need to find a way to get rid of the cravings.

Hello /r/StopSmoking,

I'm typing this after just waking up on day #2. I had my last smoke yesterday morning after I woke up to prevent me being cranky all day.

Now, today, I'm going to be cranky all day. I'm craving a smoke pretty badly.

Yesterday went well. Only a few cravings, but I stopped myself from going out and buying a pack. To be safe, my mom came over and I asked her to take my debit card, and return it in a week or so.

I can hardly think straight, and I feel like absolute shit. I started smoking 7 years ago to help ease me off my alcohol addiction. Despite the fact I've had alcohol poisoning 3 times in my life, I have to say that I feel worse right now then when I was bed ridden and couldn't so much as have a bowl of soup.

Quitting is of the utmost priority for me. My family on both sides have issues with cancer, more specifically lung cancer. My mother is a survivor (10 years next month!), my grandmother just underwent surgery last week to remove the bottom portion of her left lung, and dark spots (growths? Not sure) removed as well, and is doing better than my mother did post-op, so it's promising. I lost a 16 year old cousin to lung cancer a few years back. Just last year, my cousin's newborn (11month) was sent to the hospital where it was discovered that her body was absolutely riddled with cancer. None of them smoked. Countless other family members have died young due to various types of cancers, but lung cancer seems to be the most popular. 

I need to quit, especially for my mother. I'd like to quit by the 10th anniversary of her being cancer free.

I have some medication that I havent taken in over 2 years, but still have some pills that havent expired. They help put me to sleep. Last time I took these with no tolerance towards them, I ended up sleeping for 18 hours, and then waking up and falling asleep on and off every hour for the next day or two. I'm thinking of taking these pills to knock me out for a week to help get rid of this feeling.

I don't know if it's such a good idea, which is why i'm posting here. I guess what I need, overall, is some peer support.

Help me /r/stopsmoking, you are my only hope. I can't go back to smoking. But I can't see myself a week, a month, a year, without a cigarette in my hand.