Did Spirometry test after 15 years of smoking

Well, I started in a new job and we had a healt examination by our occupational health provider. When I told to nurse, who was doing the inquiry on my health, she sent me to Spirometry testing and boy was I shoked. I never had felt that I had something wrong with my lungs but in the second part of the test, where you do quick inbreathe and blow out the air straight out after the inbreath. I couldn't get good reading on it and the lab nurse wondered that was there something wrong with my technigue so she sent me home to practice with a spirometry mouth peace. I was angry because I felt that there was nothing wrong. Well came the next time to do the test with new nurse, who was older and more experienced. When I failed the second part again, she told me that there was nothing wrong with my technigue and that there might be something wrong with my lungs... That really shocked me and woke me up. I left the laboratory feeling numb. Of course I smoked when I got out. All I could think was that I might have something wrong with my lungs. So I went to work but feeling numb still and went to smoke, but I in the halfway through that smoke I threw it away and after work I bought Nicorette mouth spray, Nicorette gum. Next day doctor from our health service provider called and asked me about my situation. I told him that I was on my first day of quitting and that I had just started to see a girl who didn't want me to smoke (which is true! Wasn't lying to the doc :) ) and now I'm on my 10th day without smoke.   


I have had quite bad gravings but I have managed to get through them and I find that writing them up or marking them to the Smoke Free app really helps and that your co-workers help and support me and that few smokers in the workplace are at summerholiday now :) So theres noone to tempt me to go smoke. 

So I would suggest to you who are thinking of smoking to go and take the spirometry test. It might feel scary and the results even shocking but it can give you the kick you need. Good luck to you all! I'm on the beginning of my journey and hope that I can keep it up. And try to surround yourself with people who support you, even if they smoke or not themselves. 