Advice I feel I can give now that I've passed a year

I recently hit a year clean. The best advice I ever heard, and will continue to spread, was from a DVD biography where Eddie Guerrero of the WWE, a former alcoholic and drug addict, was talking about his getting clean from his addictions: "If I say I'm not going to have a drink for the rest of my life, that seems like this impossible mountain to climb. But if I say I won't have a drink today, that I can manage."


Quitting, it's seemed to me, was all about setting the goal for yourself and trusting that you have what it takes to hit that goal. Don't think about the cravings that you're going to have for the next week, month, year, decade. Just think about the next craving. Keep your head down and push forward. When you wake up, think "I won't smoke today." When you wake up tomorrow, think "I won't smoke today." One day at a time is far easier than the rest of your life, and once you subscribe to the mentality, the days rack up pretty quickly.



One thing that gets people a lot -- and got me 5 separate times -- was the idea that "I can have one and still be fine." You can't reward quitting by using, regardless of the habit you're avoiding. The thing about addiction that makes it dangerous is that it is relentless. Pretty quickly, "just one cigarette" can pull you back in to the habit. Again, this is just a matter of trusting that you can push past it and keep saying 'no' to the cravings.



The other thing, probably the most important, is the motivation. For me, I managed to finally get clean after ~6 months of chest and throat issues that ended up with my doctor sending me for a chest x-ray because he thought "it's probably C.O.P.D.". It wasn't but it was the final wake-up call for me to get my shit in order and stop burning money to torch my lungs. Shit, I was 21 at the time, am just about to hit 23, and didn't want my clock to stop at 30. 


You shouldn't wait until you get scared off of the habit. But you do need the reason to quit. Whatever it is, that reason is going to have to be something that can keep setting you back on the path of staying clean. For me, and for the people I know who have quit, it was all personal reasons. That is, not for someone else.


I don't know, I mean, this is just what has helped me so far. Maybe someone else can get something out of the mentality of 'one day at a time'