Alone = trigger is off In company of smokers = trigger is on

My last message was dark and gloomy, and actually I must admit that I passed bitter days as it regards my quitting with cigarettes.
I did not fall, let's clarify it immediately. I often thought to ask a cigarette to friends who used to smoke, but now the rule "not one more puff" isn't something I must repeat: it is like an order that my mind gives to herself everytime.

Now I understood the problem: when I am alone or with people who do not smoke, I do not want to smoke. I do not feel the necessity. And I am very happy of this, as I don't have anymore to always go buying rolling papers or cotton filters or tobacco. Or I do not have to go smoking before bedtime.
I don't feel the necessity even if I stay normally with smokers.

Now, on holidays, my first holidays as non-smoker, I spent the whole day with smokers, and I must say that in the end I was like feeling the necessity to smoke a cigarette, like before quitting. I spent some days bery sad, I saw my mind trying every way to seduce me to go back smoking, and sometimes I was going to go buying a pack of 10 Morleys, as I was thinking again at me enjoying cigarettes as, for example, a break while studying, or while speaking to a pretty girl, or while wandering though the city, or at the university. I remembered that asking for the lighter was a good excuse to approach girls. I remembered all the nice and pleaseants talkings when we were only me, a friend and a pack of smokes.
The most disturbing one was: "Now you showed to everyone that, if you wanted, you could have stopped smoking. Why not now starting again, if you want? C'mon, I know you reallt want. You have nothing to show anymore. You showed your statistics, everyone knows."

Looks extremely seducing, huh?
For me it was, ok. As I wrote, it made me spend some very bad days, as I would have never thought I would have had. Now I don't remember, but they can have been even tougher than the first month!

I don't want this crisis to explode once more! If you passed this, tell me something helpful :)