More than one year later

Good evening guys (at least it is evening in Italy).
I was a regular redditor one year ago. My name was Marco95.
I can't have again access to my account, I never receive mails to reset that password I have forgotten.

I wanted to post this since the exact 366th day of freedom from that sneak enemy called nicotine. But then I just forgot, due to a lot of important affairs. Or just tiredness. I am a mechanical engineering student, you know.

It will be a long post. Take your mug of coffee/tea/hot chocolate, rely on your comfy chair and read all of this.

I started smoking in July 2011. I was not even 16. It started with a general curiosity about smoking: some friends were smoking, my father is a smoker, I really wanted to know what did their pleasue consist of. They looked like enjoying their cigarettes. I knew, in my interior, that it was a matter of time.
So, one night at the beach a girl friend of mine offered me her cigarette and said "ok, try". I enjoyed it.
Puffs began half cigarettes with some other friend, one or two during nights.
Then, in the end of that summer, the first package.
In my class, at school, it was known I was a smoker. It was like an initiation: now I was a member of the "toilet club" (people, in Italy, usually smoke at school in the toilet as there are no places). At the break I used to go with them and to smoke a cigarette.
One cigarette per day. I usually bought the 10 pack on Monday, and on Saturday night I usually ended the pack: 4 cigarettes for the night, one for every hour.
In that December, I met what would have become my best friend. He is still a smoker. We used to meet at the break in the toilet, and began also to meet, sometimes, at other hours... when lessons nuked us. So, cigarettes started to become two per day.
I must say that I still was not an addicted: once, during that school year, a friend challenged me not to smoke for a week. I said yes and I was fully able to keep the promise. On Sundays I used not to smoke, as my parents did not know about it and I did not want them to know.

Next year a lot of classmates started smoking, and breaks were more common. I used to go out more and to attend to first parties. During this year I found myself addicted. But I must say that I was fully comfortable with myself.

So we arrive at 2015. I was a 10 cigarettes per day smoker, I used to roll them by myself in order to save money. Of course my addiction was far higher than the one you were reading. It was something automathic for me. Break between lessons at university? Cigarette with friends. After lunch a good cigarette. Before sleeping a cigarette. Night out? Cigarettes. After a drink? A cig, of course.
I know it looks like gloomy, but I maybe was you who are reading this (or were, if you quitted). A completely normal guy, with cigarettes taking me.

But I started to see that the cigarette before sleeping was becoming mandatory. Without it, I was not able to sleep.
As soon as I noticed it, I thought that it was a good chance to quit. A friend in university quitted a bit before me, and suggested me to do it too. I was sometimes thinking whether he was right or not, and how it would have been.

It was 12th March 2015. The first attempt for my soberty.
Got rid of tobacco, papers, filters, just kept the lighter as I needed it for the kitchen. Told parents and friends that I was going to quit.
I lasted only 5 days. I got nervous as a girl who was showing some interest to me, it turned out she had a boyfriend. I was near to a partial exam too. I was nervous. I relapsed.
I started smoking again, but just sometimes. I was not buying packages anymore, and neither smoking every day. But sometimes I was.

This situation lasted for something like a month. Then I decided to change.
I downloaded "Smoke Free Beta" of David Crane and started the route.
This is how I met the community of Reddit and this subreddit. I went immediately cold turkey, let's make it clear.

The first days were hard. Then days became a week, with some effort. Two weeks. Cravings. I prevented myself to go out during breaks and to stay in touch only with non smokers in order to avoid relapsing. And granted me a lot of eating, expecially sweet things.
Weeks became a month. Months started to be more and more.

And on 20th April 2016 I reached one year smoke free.

During this year a lot of things happened:

- I failed two exams, one in June and one in February
- I had to deal with the stress of exams, of studying hard every day for the whole day.
- I spent the summer with the same friends who made me starting smoking. There were a lot of non - smokers, but also smokers. I had to face maybe my worst period, as I started to really want to share their pleasure, what was before our pleasure.
- I had a crush for a girl (another girl): she was interested on me, but then she got tired of my shyness (never dated her) and too stressed for the exams, so I ended up with a great occasion missed and a lot of efforts wasted.
- I had periods were my self - esteem was low, not due to nicotine withdraw but for personal affairs.
- I still used to drink as I regularly did

Despite all of this, I was able to keep my soberty and not to smoke. I can say that it is one year and 20 days that I do not even give a puff!
If I made so far, everyone can do it.
But I want to warn who started: it is extremely difficult. Every time I had to face something I reported, I would have really enjoyed the presence of a cigarette.
Your mind will play you a lot of tricks: for my first session of exams without cigs, I was thinking to buy a pack and to keep it only for "necessities". Of course, I did not.
During summer, I thought that just one cigarette would not harm. But I remembered what Crane ordered me: "it is not just one. One leads to another. Not one more puff".
A lot of times, actually, the thought of a cigarette crosses my mind. It lasts only about 2 seconds.
Even today a mate was smoking a cig, he is not addicted but sometimes he smokes (he does not even end a package in a week). I thought to ask him one. But I knew that I would have not liked it, in the end.
I must admit that I am stressed: there is another girl which shows some interest and I feel the same, I would love to date her but it's a difficult step, I never did it... This creates me stress and sometimes, at home, I would like to go on the balcony, to light up a cigarette and to think on it. Just for one second.

But, in the end, I know that I do not want to smoke again even one cigarette.

I hope you enjoyed my story. Good luck for your trying