More than 6 months

I was here, but I forgot the password and I had given no mail.
So, I just requested the badge, but I wanted to tell you that, 8 days ago, I reached the 6th month smoke free.

And I really mean "not a puff" for those 6 months. I passed very difficult times, for example under exams (engineering student) or while I spent days furing holidays with friends (crowd of smokers). I was craving a lot cigarettes, but I managed to stand without even giving myself a puff.
Actually I would not mind a cigarette, but I know that should I break this row of days, I would relapse immediately, as I was last year the guy who made relapse a mate of lessons. I offered him one as he lent me 50 cents (the cost of a bottle of water) for lunch, then I started to offer him every Monday after lunch in order to have some company, I offered him while we were in the mountains, and after a month I saw him with a package and him saying "I know you offer me for kindness, but I do not want to make you pay also for my smoking". He went then cold turkey with me but after a few he relapsed again.

I told this to say that I will NEVER accept again a cigarette, and to alert who is going to quit smoking as I did more than 180 days ago.

I must admit that I have never thought to be so strong in my will to stay free, but I see a lot of benefits.
For example: now a girl appreciates my company, while before she did not want me around her as I smelled of smoke.
I can ride the bike without problems of short breath, I can enjoy smell and taste. I do not cough. Colds reduced severity. Fingers and teeth are not yellow. Clothes do not smell.

I have not been experiencing any craving for nearly a month.
I managed to replace all my memories of having a cigarette with friends, for example at school breaks: those were not moments created by cigarettes now, but moments that I lived with the company of cigarettes. I managed to focus my mind on something different from a cigarette

I also managed to take out another bad vice of me: I quitted 3 weeks ago to eat my nails and I bought somehting to keep them short.

I did it, you can do it.

Always remain vigilant, a lot manage to remain smoke free for months and then relapse, but now I feel like I can say "I do not smoke" instead of "I quitted smoking/I am a non-smoker"