A message from a drunk guy who just hit 300 days.

I am going to preface this message rather proudly by saying I am pretty drunk, and was just at a bar celebrating my getting my first job out of college, and several of the celebrants were heavy smokers, one or two I only know because we met at the various smoking spots around my college campus. I didn't have a craving all night, and still don't.

So, minutes after hitting 300 days on my badge, as tempted as I am to post a celebratory picture, I've decided to type up a little encouragement for my fellow stopsmoking readers, as while I am probably least active on this sub, over any others, this one is extremely important to me. The day I sub'd to r/stopsmoking, albeit on an account I no longer use, was the day I took quitting seriously, and here I am 300 nicotine free days later! None of that however is what this post is about, this is about reassuring new and hesitant quitters about something that always scared me before I quit, and here it is.

IF YOU PUT ENOUGH WORK IN, YOUR LIFE WILL NOT CHANGE! A lot of the time, at least in my case, when you consider quitting you hear whispers and rumors of folks who quit but only because they also quit drinking, or going to bars, or seeing their smoker friends, or forcing your smoker friends to quit with you.

This is only true if you give in to such restriction, and really think that little of yourself. Quitting is about willpower, but not about pulling it out of your ass, it's about building and honing that willpower, and once you put in the time and effort, if you want to split a handle of whiskey with a friend who smokes 10 packs a day, YOU WILL BE ABLE TO!

Don't take this as permission to hit the bars with your old smoking buddy on day 1, it's gonna be awhile, but you don't have to end or change that friendship! Quitting is a serious commitment, but you only need to change your lifestyle while you build yourself into a non-smoker, and how long that takes is also up to you!

So before I drunk ramble too long, all you new and hesitant quitters, you do not have to give up your life as you know and love it to give up cigarettes, I promise! So nothing should be stopping you, get your head in a good place, and toss the little bastards!

I love you, we love you, your non-smoker friends love you, your smoker friends love you, you can do this.

TL:DR - Giving up smoking, with enough work, DOES NOT mean giving up your life and friendships as you know them, despite what you may hear.