3 days without smoking, no cravings but I'm finding it hard to make the final decision to never smoke again...help?

I've only smoked for one and a half year,  and this is my third attempt to quit. I'm 17 years old. 

I don't have many smoker friends, and the ones that do smoke only do so when drinking or on the weekend. I was the only one who couldn't start the day without a cigarette, and I felt pathetic. I loathed making excuses just so I could run out and have a few drags, I hated hugging my mother and smelling like smoke, and I am really happy to have gone even these mere 3 days without smoking. It's a big step for me. 

But I'm still remembering in the back of my head the first time I smoked. I remember that it felt familiar and wonderful and warm, that it smelled great, and I didn't even cough. Ever since I was a kid I've loved the smell of cigarettes, I would follow the grown ups to the balcony just to breathe their aromatic smoke. That's why I always considered myself a natural smoker, I thought that it was just an integral part of my personality. 

On the one hand, I don't want to be a smoker. I despise everything about it. I decided it's time I quit when I realised that there will come a time when I will have no memory of myself not being a smoker. I will experience every part of adult life with a cigarette in hand. 

But I find it hard to make the commitment to never smoke again ever. It seems like I have so many years ahead of me that will be painful without being able to smoke just once, maybe during a good song, or at a concert, or while drinking some good liquor, or after sex. I think that maybe I should try to make it possible that I can have those rare, once-every-few-months cigarettes, but I do read it often here that it is not possible to just have one cigarette. 

I guess I'm not looking exactly for advice, but maybe words of encouragement? I find it hard to convince myself that instead of missing out on a life of smoking, I will be gaining the immense benefits of living the life of a non smoker.