9 weeks, baby...

9 weeks, 63 days.. Woot!


As I did at one month, I rewarded myself by getting stoned. For the first time ever since I've started smoking marihuana I'm not coughing or having the urge to cough like a 13-year old girl taking her first wicked bong rip. It was amazing.. Weed and I have never agreed when  we're at the actual  smoking the stuff portion of enjoyment, I've vomited a few times before because of the bad coughing.. but it's a good high I enjoy a few times a year... But I can't believe it, for the first time ever I can smoke the stuff with the same amount of comfort I experienced when smoking those shitass cigarettes.

I've also gained a tremendous sense of smell.. It was fucking with me for a few days a month ago, a lot of people smelled like old piss.. thankfully that's passed.. but what I've started noticing is how horrible most smokers smell.. I haven't minded the smell of walking buy smokers smoking cigarettes.. I have a job when I serve customers at a counter and quite often experience their body odours.. I've been smelling lots of people who smell like stale smoke.. It's horrible.. I can't believe people go around smelling like that.. I can't believe I went around smelling like that. 

It makes me wonder, are non-smokers just used to random stinky smokers being around them occasionally? It's kind of just like one of those facts of life? I had no idea smokers smelled like that (minus the extreme smoker who has such an overpowering odour no one can miss it). I grew up in a smoking household, so the smell was ingrained in my brain from birth.. Hell, from zygote and fetus, my father smoked around my mother while she was pregnant with me.. And before I moved out of my parents place I had taken up smoking.. So I've been with that smell my entire life, I've never not know it. It's fucking gross, I never want to smell like that ever again. Now I just had to adapt to a life of smelling stinky smokers.. I'm fighting off the temptation to be a holier-than-thou asshole ex-smoker.

And to all the non-smokers reading this, thanks for putting up with stinky smokers and not bitching about it as much as I want to now.

Thanks for listening to my rant, it helps :)