I am not enjoying this

Right off the bat here is my quitting advice, you can read my story that follows, but if you don't at least you have one method to try. 1)Brainwash yourself towards the truth- that cigarette is going to kill you, burn a hole in your pocket, make you smell awful, make you taste awful when you kiss your dream girl/guy, make you look like that 40 year old lady on the corner who looks like she's 60, etc. 2)DO NOT, I repeat **DO NOT** stop your smoking rituals! It is harder to quit the rituals than the cigarettes, I promise. So heres the story behind my advice: I thought I had quit once before, after breaking my leg, until one day the devil on my shoulder convinced me that it was a nice day and I should hobble my crippled self outside and *enjoy* a cigarette. I went out and *"enjoyed"* my cigarette. Looking back I enjoyed being outside, and the cigarette was part of the habit. So, after hitting my lowest low a few weeks in I did the following: I had 2 packs left from my last carton when I realized it was time to kick this habit for good. Every time I lit up one of those disgusting cancer sticks, I brainwashed myself. I thought to myself, "this is dirty, this killed my grandpa, this is making me weak, I am NOT *enjoying* this, quite the opposite! 40 cigarettes later I went cold turkey, but I continued the rituals. For example, if my friends were going to step out of the club to have a smoke, I would go with them, and as they smoked the cigarettes I would start the mantra in my head "that is disgusting, that is dirty, that is killing them, that almost killed me...anything negative I could think about that cigarette, I thought it. After a while I realized I didn't like the cigarette, I liked taking a breather from sweaty, stuffy clubs. This was the second time I realized it was not the cigarette that I liked, it was the ritual surrounding it. 

I wish you all the best of luck from the bottom of my heart. Quit for yourself, and you will have helped everybody that loves you!