Back again - ugh - ready for day 1

This forum was such a HUGE help to me last time I quit. I went 75 days without smoking, cold turkey, and I felt so good! The first 30 days were hard and then I hit this groove where I felt like nothing could ever get me to light up a cigarette again. Overconfident.

Then about six months ago, I had to drive to a work conference about 5 hours away. First long drive alone I had done since quitting. And an hour into the ride, I started to crave. I recognized it for what it was - a trigger, fed by years of long drives cross country alone when I would chain smoke to stay awake - and for three hours I battled it. Finally it got to the point where I needed to call my lifeline, that trusted friend I had who would help me through when I got stuck. Except I was driving through Nowhereville and I had no phone service. I made it a little while longer until I stopped to buy a pack. Told myself just one...well we all know there is no such thing. I smoked half the pack on the rest of my drive and within a week was smoking more than I ever have in 14 years of being a nicotine addict.

I've tried to quit again about five times. Haven't made it more than a few days. I feel like a miserable failure and I think that's part of the problem. I have this mindset that I failed when I felt I was doing so well....so I'll just fail again....so why try? 

Today I just hit this point of anger about the whole thing. I felt so much better physically, emotionally, and mentally when I quit. Why am I doing this to myself when I know how much better it is to be a non-smoker? I am an addict, I fully accept this. But I'm loads stronger than my addiction. I did it before and I can do it again. For good.

There's a great reason for the adage Not One Puff Ever. I am proof.

I'm smoking my last cigarette as I write this. It's almost burned down. I'm being mindful of how shitty it feels to inhale. I'm ready to jump in and this time, I will succeed.

Hope you are all rocking it out today. See you tomorrow - Day 1. 

**puts out cigarette**