Why I began, why I want to stop now

I'm a 16 year old girl. Everyone in my family except for my Mom smokes. I'm a B-grade average in school, and I intend to study Business and applied Language in university. 

Last December my Dad passed away of a sudden aneurysm, six days before I turned 16. And then in February my Mom became critically ill of extreme swine flu, and it has taken months for her to recover. The end result of it is having to take various medication each day for the rest of her life, or she will otherwise have kidney and lung failure. While I'd rather this didn't have to happen, I also accept it because it is a small price to pay for what could have otherwise happened, which is dying. 

The past months since December of my life has been very rough, especially when I nor my siblings have never experienced anything like this. My Dad had laid down and set up a firewood business from scratch. My brother has since taken over and it is sailing along well. He has another job so he is not around 24/7 to mind it, so some of the work is up to me, too. My job is to fill bags of timber for delivering to retail. They are delivered in lots of 160, and shops order them once every few weeks during the summer. However, during the winter it is crazy, I remember Dad having to deliver up to three loads in one week. And that job will be mine come September/October, when I'll be in my busiest exam year in school. It's a lot of bags to fill. 

Naturally, I stress about it all. I'll have to apply for university next year, the entrance exams will happen, and I have all these bags to fill, and I'm letting too many people down if I don't do them. So I took up smoking not long ago, because I need relief and thats what cigarettes give me. I'm not happy about it either. 


Nobody besides my best friend (whom has said she'll never do it because she's asthmatic and she does not feel peer pressured into doing it because I am) knows I have started smoking. I fear that I will disappoint my family if they find out, because "it's a dirty thing to do", according to them. 


I know all about what happens when you smoke, that you're basically pumping tar into your lungs over time. And I'm not trying to defend what I do in this text. I know it's bad and I'd rather I found a different way of relieving myself, but I now have that 'craving' that I know once I begin to quit it's going to be hard. 

I know if I keep doing this it'll be harder to stop, and with the stressful times ahead for me I know I'll end up being hooked on them more, so **I want to find something else to give me that relief, before it's too late.**