I am choosing to stop, as a gift to someone.

I hope this would be the right place to put this.

Anywho I started smoking about a year ago. It all started with me and a few friends hanging out after a movie and we decided to go to a waffle house. Our server was smoking inside, and I said well damn finally a place where we can smoke while we wait for our food. So I bought "my" first pack (I've smoked when others offered but I never bought a pack of my own). So that's when I started, it was never more than 1 cigarette a week. Then my coworkers (I work at a diner) asked for me to smoke with them while on break, this is where the habit grew.

I started smoking whole packs in 2 to 3 week intervals (I know nothing hard core like most of the people posting here but I was new to it) any who I started buying packs almost every two weeks. And I took every opportunity to smoke. It felt great, it probably didn't help that at the same time I was having problems with family. I would get stressed at almost anything, and as a result I would find a way to leave the house to smoke, after a while I would smoke 2 or 3 cigarettes at a time. I LOVED it, the relief, I felt the nicotine high that rushed through my body and even if I was enraged, I smiled and said today is a good day.

Well my girlfriend hated my habit, and noticed it grow to almost 2-3 packs a month at one point 2 packs a week. She asked me to stop, and I felt, disgusted, at the thought of stopping. I told her I was addicted, yet at the same time I craved smoking, when I wasn't smoking I was thinking about smoking. When I was smoking I thought of when I'd get a new pack. I got to the point I said I'd never reach. 

Then my low point hit, work was going bad I had to make car payments for my new vehicle, tuition seemed too high, I was stressed on a daily basis and the nicotine helped calm me down, I also ran out of cigarettes. I had to ask my girlfriend to buy some or lie to family and friends to loan me for gas to get some. So I stopped, I felt horrible, things seemed wrong.

Then I bought another pack, and I felt the same, not like I used to when I first started. It didn't feel so great, but it did calm me down, so I stopped smoking to feel good, I did it to feel ok when stressed.

This annoyed me and I started raising the doses. At the same time I had to hide it from my girlfriend because she disliked the way I smelled and tasted when she kissed me. But I kept at it, and I just didn't know what to do.

So I decided, if it's no longer as great as it was I should stop. And I tried, but the cravings came back, I would smell others smoking and I wanted to, I desperately wanted to go and smoke! Then I started to half smoke (smoke only half of the cigarette). The addiction won.

So I returned to my occasional smoking. And my friend wanted to get in shape for the army so we jogged, and I just couldn't, it hurt, so badly to force myself to breathe right. I then started noticing how often I cough and how it got harder to breathe, I, I felt sick, I was now disgusted of myself. Yet I continued.

But one day I just felt like I should stop, so while buying gifts for Christmas, I bought my final pack. I planned to smoke It down to 4 cigarettes. Why? Because my friend will be here for Christmas before going back to the army. And he is one of the 4 people that I started to smoke with. And for a Christmas gift for my girlfriend of almost 3 years, I will smoke with him, her, and the third friend, and toast to my last cigarette.

I do plan to stop, but I still like to smoke, but I promised myself to no longer purchase my own cigarettes. So I smoked the last one before reaching 4 for the last smoke. I hadn't smoked in a few days and I took one puff, and it tasted like crap, I looked at the smoke leave my mouth and smiled and said, I can't wait to stop. 

tl;dr- I will be smoking my last cigarette Dec. 26th after my friends welcome home dinner, as a Christmas gift to my girlfriend. I only wanted to share and give my respects to those that are further into the addiction than I reached, wished you all the best. Thanks for the support.