I have been quit for a week, this is my 3rd time trying to quit. Here is what I did differently.

I had smoked for 14ish years up until last Monday. I subscribed here and made this post: https://www.reddit.com/r/stopsmoking/comments/3iheod/3_days_in_a_lot_harder_than_i_thought_any_advice/

And since then I have been doing a lot of thinking about smoking and the effects that it had on me, mentally and physically. 

I wanted to share with anyone thinking of quitting or struggling with their first week, a few things that helped me out.

Taking walks and eating carrot sticks and all that shit does help, but I feel like these things do too much to remind you of smoking, at least it did for me. So instead I tried changing all kinds of other meaningless routines, reorganized little things and tried to make a bunch of little changes. Which I theorized, would help me handle the big change I was going through.

For example; I have used the same InCase backpack for 5 years. It is the best travel accessory I have ever owned. But, I did a complete flip and got a new shoulder bag. Still carries all of the same stuff, but it shakes up the routine a tiny bit and feels different.

I got a new haircut, and actually treated myself to my first barber visit (with the straight razor and all that business)

I reorganized all the apps on my phone as well as the links I have saved on the bookmarks bar in Chrome. Once again, these innocuous changes have really helped me transition away from cigarettes.

I also have been keeping a written log of every physical and mental change or improvement that has happened since I quit. This has helped immensely, I have spent all of 20 minutes total writing it and I am not very detailed with it either.

I talk about it a lot more, in the past when I would try to quit, I never wanted it to be a big deal. I wanted to just quietly kind of slip into non-smoker status and have nobody pay me any mind. This time I not only have been vocal about it to most people, I also talk about it with my SO regularly. I talk about the physical and mental changes, and I constantly remind her and myself how happy I am that I quit.

These are all easy, painless things that are helping me feel confident that the "3rd times the charm"

Hopefully one or all of these things help you stay quit as well.

