'QuitZits' and General Advice?

Hey guys, very new to this sub and found it while seeking advice.

So I'm on what I hope is my final attempt at quitting smoking, and after a number of attempts so far, I can feel already, after only two days, the same thing occurring that has happened every time I've attempted quitting so far...

So a bit of background, I've had general acne since I was a late teen. I'm now in approaching my mid 20's and in recent years it has definitely cleared up a considerable amount, certainly since I was in my early years of acne. But one thing I have noticed whenever I try to quit smoking is that I get a bad outburst of what seems to be called 'QuitZits'. I get horrible patches around my mouth of painful, gremlin like bulges appear that cause distress throughout the day. I'm pretty used to living life with acne now but this is different, on another level completely!

There seems to be a bit of info scattered around the web from several years ago about this and apparently it can be a thing. And although I have had problems on my face for years now, I feel like nothing seems to work to actually prevent me from getting acne. I've had the odd product every now and again that seems to clear things up for a short amount of time, but maybe it's a coincidence... 

My question is, if any of you guys on here have had a similar experience, what steps did you take to reduce the outburst and clear your skin up a bit? 

I also want to ask what kind of things you guys do to work past the cravings?
The longest i've ever managed so far is about 3 weeks, but something always seems to get to me and i revert back to the old habbit. So what advice can you guys give to try and help me along this tormenting yet vital process?

I am really hoping that if I can achieve the end goal of not thinking about that next cigarette, that my health, and not only my facial skin, will improve massively. I feel that this is my main motivation this time round, to finally have clear looking skin and not even to have to think about wanting a cigarette again.

Sorry for the lengthy post, but any advice you guys can give will be much appreciated and I'm all ears for anything you guys have to say, so thanks in advance!