I’m quitting for good (this time)

Man, I’m 5 days in, and I’ve never felt so capable. My story is different than most, I started smoking in university; a hookah was the dagger in disguise. I was a phys ed major, and male intramural athlete of the year once.  I rode everyone I knew who smoked pretty hard. I never saw myself as ever being a smoker. The hookah was fun (you could make big clouds like vapers do now), it tasted great, and a bunch of us would occasionally go to a restaurant that served them. It wasn’t often, but then I bought one. It was a social thing at first, and I didn’t see the addiction grab hold of me. Soon it was every night. When I went to Morocco a few years later a hookah was my prized souvenir. 

What came next was  little flavoured cigars. They were evil, but I couldn’t just haul a hookah around to work and such.  I needed something to fill the day. The cigars were sweet, and pleasant. A few months later I  went to Mexico for vacation and they didn’t sell them there. I was caught off guard and I bought cigarettes instead.  Never went back. 

Now it’s been a decade, and I’ve managed to go as long as 4 months during one attempt. But like many I bet I’ve tried to quit a hundred times. My wife quit years ago, and even though she smoked when we met (and I made her quit) she can’t picture herself with a smoker. I endure constant barrage about the habit, the smell, the cost, the irony of it given my past, and the hypocrisy of once being staunchly against it. 

I’ve always known though, that every time I’ve tried to quit I haven’t “wanted” to. It’s always been because of some external pressure. And while external pressure can be good, it’s not always supportive. I can say I’ve been “motivated” to quit before, but I’ve never had DRIVE. This time things are different. 

Everyone else that’s poked and prodded over the years has just accepted me as a smoker, and there’s a ton going on in my life right now, some good, some not so good. I’ve focused on embracing the notion that there’s never going to be a good time to quit, so why not just make it a good time. I’m on day 5 now. I’ve told some people, but not my wife, nor anyone else who would be diminutive or dismissive about it. I still go outside, walk the dog, get mail, everything I’ve used as an excuse to smoke, but I don’t.  I can smell things again, coffee tastes different. I wake up with energy. 

I’ve passed the bulk of my previous attempts; champix (chantix) got me the furthest, and otherwise I’ve made it a week or two a couple times. Usually by now I’d have at least had a puff  or two, testing the waters. Once I do that the slope gets slippery fast. 

Those I’ve told are all ex smokers. They’re supportive, ask/check in about it, and enjoy telling their stories about quitting. I have an app, which I’m sure you’ve all seen at one point, and it referred me here. It makes me reflect on why I’m quitting (for ME), and I’ve enjoyed reading the posts of others, (Wow 10 year person! wow). 

Writing my own thoughts, just putting them down, has been a surprisingly positive experience. If you’re quitting too, I urge you to write your experience down as well. Even if you don’t post it, use it to keep your drive up, reflect on the world you knew as a smoker, how you got there, and how it’s only going to get so much better when you beat that shit. 

