The first day of a better life.

Hi all,

I'm mostly writing this down for myself, as I have a history of making endless plans to better my life without following up on them unless I hold myself accountable by keeping some sort of schedule. Some history: I smoked now for 3 or 4 years. Before this, I was a heavy weed user. I quit that (it was starting to affect my studies/mood too heavily, and I wasn't getting any enjoyment out of it anymore). I was under a lot of stress at the time because my life needed lot of fixing, so to make the transition to a normal, functioning human being easier I figured I would allow myself to smoke. I'd still have an unhealthy habit, but at least I would be sober. Well, as you can guess, that worked out just grand.

I did quit being high all the time and got out of a horrible, depressive period of my life. However, the guilt of wasting years and a lot of money was big, and even though my life got a lot better and I finished my studies, I still had a lot of personal issues that simply took time to heal. I continued smoking. There would always be another source of stress, or I would hit another depressive period, or I would finally have a very happy period travelling with friends and I didn't want to waste it by having to deal with quitting smoking at the same time. I knew all the facts - how unhealthy it was, how much money it cost, how little I have to spend. Still, the habit has been too strong, for too long. Even though quitting weed was heavier on me because of all the harsh self-reflection that came with it, stopping cigarettes seems to be much harder for me. With the former, at least there was a considerable difference between being sober and being high, and as bad as I would feel (at the time) being sober, I knew that going back to being high would be my definitive downfall. The stakes were higher. 

Anyway, enough backstory. No more excuses. My girlfriend was out of the country for 3 weeks visiting family, and I figured I would surprise her by quitting smoking in that time. At least she wouldn't be the victim of any bad moods/weird moments that way. But I didn't - I was simply too weak. I would make it 1, almost 2 days, but I couldn't keep it up. Now she's back, and I haven't quit yet, and it's killing me. No more excuses. I threw away the last of my cigarettes, and I'm willing to accept the discomfort. There are other things in my life that I'm trying to improve on, so hopefully beating the nicotine monster will give me the strength to face those as well.

No more excuses. I'm doing it. I won't allow that badge to go down  even a single day. I don't want to be a weak person anymore.

Edit: Some questions in case anyone reads this. I've been reading other posts (really helpful btw, thanks to anyone who shared their stories) and got some good tips out of them. I'll be buying a bag of sunflower seeds tomorrow to help with the cravings, for example (just one thing that felt like it would help in my particular case). However, I know that I have one major stumble block from previous attempts: my work requires me to be able to pay attention and solve sometimes fairly complicated problems for long periods at a time, and the biggest issue I have when I try to quit is that my ability to concentrate just goes out of the window. This is a problem I've always had to some extent, but when I try to quit it increases tenfold. I can't really take a break from work, and my first upcoming free week is months away (and I don't want to wait that long to quit). Anyone here who has a suggestion for how to deal with concentration issues?