Going on exactly 4 days smoke free all because of a hang over from hell!

I had been smoking nearly every day for 10+ years and quit for the majority of my pregnancy with my daughter and stayed smoke free a few months after her birth.

I had been smoking for 1 year and 7 months since I picked it back up again. I was getting closer and closer to one pack a day and thank God I'm here before I ended there.

I have been wanting to quit pretty much every day since I picked it back up again after quitting the last time. I was always just waiting for the next cigarette and I couldn't really enjoy the small moments being with my daughter. Every day I wished I could just wave a magic Disney wand and I could be done with smoking and have zero recollection of any time that I smoked.

It was my sisters 21st birthday almost 5 days ago and I got pretty messed up with her. Of course I chain smoked but thankfully not as much as I have in the past but I tell you what my lungs were so cashed the next day. To top it off I was super hung over and I couldn't even drink water. 

My head was pounding rhythmically and my stomach was churning to the beat. Every time I have a hang over like this the last thing I want to do is smoke a cigarette. So, I didn't smoke any. 

The next day I wasn't 100% so I decided to not smoke any more that day. The next day was a breeze. Today I had a couple MAJOR cravings and came very close to lighting up. I am so glad I didn't. Both times I looked into my daughters eyes and knew that I was doing this for the both of us. 

I want to be consciously present with my daughter at least 90% of the time I'm with her and the other 10% I can use on my own personal sanity. 

I haven't even told my boyfriend, my daughter's father whom we live with, that I have quit. I don't want to. He smokes cigarettes himself (quite heavily I might add) and it doesn't bother me in the jealous type way but in the stench way. The smell of the tobacco on him is disgusting. If I'm outside while he is smoking I just breath through my mouth and make sure I don't breath through my nose. I don't want want to tell him for two reasons: 1) I don't want the pressure of telling others that I am quitting 2) I don't want him to feel like because I am making a life decision for myself that I'm forcing him to do it too.

I will be posting here on this sub again because it's very therapeutic for me! I'm glad to join in!