Captains Log: The Definition of Insanity

When I started smoking I never intended it to be a full on addiction. It started as a social habit. I found myself going to meet up with people solely so I could justify having a smoke. It eventually just became a habit. Wake up, pour myself a cup of coffee have a cigarette, on my way to work, on my lunch break, after work, with my after work coffee, and then a chimney around 8-bed. I can go a couple days without one. It isn’t really the withdrawals that bring me back either. I can deal with the headaches, my depression being amplified, the sudden rage I found myself in (usually only while driving), and the ability to smell a cigarette when one is being smoked around my vicinity (it doesn’t even have to be close).

But after a couple days I find myself justifying any reason to cave. After the headaches have started to ease and the difficult parts of quitting pass. I know my triggers. I cut coffee out of my routine, I through away packs with only a couple of cigarettes smoked, and yet I still find myself buying a new pack a couple days later.

When it comes down to it, I just enjoy smoking. My friends say try vaping, the gum, or patches but none of those do the trick. Vaping for me isn’t quitting but shifting my addiction somewhere else (with really no satisfaction), the gum kills my throat and the one time I used the patch it made me feel miserable (not sure why, it hurt my lungs and it burned where I had it).

This Saturday I plan on putting the smokes down for good. I have tried cold turkey so many times with no success but this time has to be different. I’m looking for any and all advice to help me on this quest for a healthier me.

One of my favorite quotes (no idea who said it, seen it sourced from multiple people, but I’ll stick to the one I originally heard it from)

“The definition of insanity is doing the same thing over and over again expecting a different result”
-Vaas (Far Cry 3)

Either I’m insane and need to consider more extreme methods, or I can break this habit and be a healthier me. I plan I posting updates, for myself, in an attempt to keep myself accountable. Using this subreddit as a journal. I hope the support I gain from this sub helps me break this god forsaken curse. My next post will be at the end of Day 1 (June 9th 2018). I hope to only have good news.

If this breaks any rules I apologize, but this is my attempt to change my method of quitting.