I didn't think Allen's Carrs book would work for me, & I still have no idea how it did.

Yesterday was 90 days!!! The longest I've ever gone without a cigarette since I started at 16.

This book (Allen Carr's Easyway to quit smoking) is literally magic. It still boggles my mind how it happened. I have been an on and off smoker for 6 years. Every time I would "quit" and pick one back up again, it would get harder to quit, yet in the back of my mind I never thought my problem was that bad, since I have been able to "stop" in the past, and didn't even "need" one every day.

It got worse since my dog died and I started dating a heavy smoker. I couldn't quit whenever he'd buy a pack, I'd always need one of his. I'm not blaming him at all! The smoking is still 100% my responsibility, I'm just saying if you're someone who has tried to quit using purely the "Willpower method", you know how difficult it is to be around people who still smoke. Your mind messes with you!

I had a lot of shame around my smoking because I am an entrepreneur who runs and coaches at a crossfit box. I'm over here telling people how to be healthy and change their lives, and preaching about taking care of your body and not eating poison, yet the extent of which I went to to hide my addiction so nobody would notice kept me in more shame. I was living a hypocritical life, yet the more shame I felt the more I would smoke out of anxiousness, the beat myself up and the cycle continues.

I have really bad anxiety and ADHD, and take medication for my adhd. If you've ever been on Adderall before you might know that Adderall and cigarettes go together like no other. I always thought the cigarette calmed down my racing heart, but it's actually a stimulant I used to try to counter my anxiety after taking my pill.

I didn't need to smoke everyday, but there were sometimes I just loved to have my cigarettes. Driving, after a meal, taking my adderall and drinking were my favorite times. I wasn't an early morning smoker, if I was distracted by something I wasn't fiending for one, but once I started it was hard to stop.

Although hearing such amazing reviews from this book, I was extremely hopeful, yet skeptical. To be honest I wished with every fiber of my being it would work like magic and this time wouldn't have to be such a struggle to quit. I couldn't breathe and was coughing and struggling for breath in a workout or even walking up the stairs. At 22 years old and being a crossfit coach I knew this wasn't the way I wanted to live my life, but the thought of being a nonsmoker gave me anxiety, I didn't think I could do it.

Despite my immense hope that maybe this book would work for me, I didn't see how because he didn't write a book for people to took Adderall. "it'll be harder for me to quit than anyone else, because I don't see how I can not smoke and be on adderall" the cravings were too strong.

However, I got this book and I smoked while reading the book. I smoked my last cigarette before finishing, really trying to make myself be there and FEEL the pain it brought my throat and lungs. He mentions in the book we tend to distract ourselves while we smoke, so I made sure to really be present during my last cigarette. I had some anxiety at the thought of putting my last cigarette out forever, but much to my surprise, it was probably the least satisfactory cigarette I've ever had in my life. I put it out, and put in my Quit Now app on my phone my quit date and have not picked one up ever since, despite still being around my chain smoking boyfriend.

I really don't know how Allen Carr did it. It's just a shift that happened in my mind. And the completely amazing part is I don't even get cigarette cravings anymore and I still take my Adderall. It was all in my mind the whole time!

Only two times after quitting did I have a slight craving, before I remembered how great it is to be a non smoker. Only two! And it was while drinking, and right after quitting. But nothing I couldn't handle. I can even stand outside with the smokers at the bar, drunk as fuck and be able to proudly say when they offer me one "no thank you, I quit" it's a feeling of joy.

It has been almost three months and I feel incredible. This is the longest I have gone without a smoke, and will be even longer. Like I said I can't even put into words how amazed I am at this book. I'm not sure what kind of sorcery it is, but I am truely grateful to this man. As someone with low self esteem, I never think I can do anything, so this has really helped me confidence too.

My suggestion along with this book is to download the Quit now application on your phone. To me, it was so motivating to see that "days without smoking" number increase every day, along with the money you've saved and how your physical health is improving.

Every smoker who truely wants to quit needs to read this book. The fact it worked for me is still a miracle I will forever be grateful for. THANK YOU /r/stopsmoking for directing me to EASYWAY!!!!