Three weeks clean

Hey there i just want to share my success with you guys! I stopped smoking 3 weeks ago and i don't even have cravings anymore. Maybe it's partly because i'm ill for 10 days now but honestly it's surprisingly easy. I felt a little bit dizzy the first days without cigs but that was about it, it's gone now.

Cigarettes don't give me anything. Yesterday I was in a row with my family. In those situations i'd usually light up a cigarette even if i wanted to quit. Yesterday i didn't even think of smoking. The same goes for any sort of alcohol... When i'm out partying i dont even think of smoking anymore. All this just after 3 weeks. It feels surprisingly easy. I wasn't a heavy smoker but i always gave in at some point.

I know i have to stay cautious... I don't want to lose focus. I want to make it for ever this time... But it's really true. My life feels like i never smoked. Cigarettes aren't in my head, i don't dream of smoking, i don't like the smell of environmental tobacco smoke, i don't suffer from withdrawal symptoms. I feel free and this feels damn good. I really can make it this time...

By the way i read the first half of Allen Carr's book the first week i was clean (didn't smoke while reading of course). It gave me a really good mindset. I dont know if i have to read the whole thing... because i already knew all of what he was saying. But his words are strong and they provide you with the right mindset which is ALL the book is supposed to do. I guess i will read the second half. Can't be bad

If you succeed or not mostly depends on you mindset THE MOMENT you decide to stop. I don't know why i think that but i find that true... From my experience i can tell that a failed attempt always goes back to a bad mindset the moment you try to stop (i.e. you didn't really get the feeling that you really want to make it this time, you didn't want it to happen 100% the moment you started the attempt... The switch just didn't kick off). My english is not really good but i guess you know what i mean :)

So i'm feeling very good now. Happy to have it that easy. I won't underestimate nicotine though. I don't WANT to smoke and it feels great.

Cheers :)