Double Cessation Program (Patient-Doctor)[Not Sales :D]

Mock account for various reasons :) Bit of an introduction first eh?

I'm a Tobacco/Narc Cessation Specialist with my own house visit program. When I'm not working as that, I run a company that includes Medivac in its list of operations & services.

So 2 months back, I got a call from a prospective patient. During the 60 minute visit he chain smoked what could've been 8 to 9 sticks. Never a relaxed smoke. More like a car guzzling fuel. He said a non smoker like me would never understand (I was a 2 pack a day smoker. But claiming that I was, could lead to some complication best avoided). He had to take a short call from someone near the end of the visit. His wife then got me up to speed with his issues (health) and literally begged for help. He came back in soon after and I said to him. I'll start smoking now and in 2 months, we'll meet again and attempt to quit at the same time. This was after trying to educate him on the methods used to stop and how NRT does work but isn't the solution and each time, he replies with 'I don't want to hear a none smoker talking about quitting'. Fast forward to 3 days ago, I was on 2 pack a day again. He signed the papers and we began our journey. 

I forgot how hard the first 3 days was and how dull the following 11 days would be. (Day 3 now) And if you guys would like a journal on how I and him are coping, I'd be glad to fill in day to day updates. Patient has agreed to sharing this online and if you guys are interested, I'd like to as many here are starting/following through/ looking for options. 

Current treatment (I'll be using the same thing he is so he won't have an excuse) involves Champix, Workout Routine, Fruits & Juices. Coffee & Tea allowed (This triggers cravings early on. Not giving in to cravings whilst having these could give the mind a much needed boost).

Wouldn't want to force it down here if it's not wanted. What do you guys think? This will be going for 60 days. 57 to go. 