Day 1 - For The Last Time

After a whole bunch of failed attempts using various methods - willpower, gum, patches, Champix, Allen Carr's Easy Way Book - I decided to bite the bullet and make an appointment at my local Allen Carr clinic (the clinic's apparently have a higher success rate than the book). I got a bit excited as my quit date approached, but was a bit apprehensive because I'd already read the book and watched the video, and still hadn't stopped. But I'm so glad that I went, because not only was everything that I'd read in the book re-affirmed, a lot of it finally made *sense* for the first time. I dunno, there's just something different when it comes to human interaction!


Previously, even after I'd read the book, I'd freak out after a few hours or a couple of days because I couldn't handle what I *thought* was the withdrawal. Turns out it was just my brain freaking out because I wouldn't let it have a cigarette. I was still trying to use willpower without realising it. It's like the cigarette's there, but I'm not allowed, no matter what, to touch it, or worse: light it and smoke it. If I could just hold out long enough... then I'd cave and start up again. We're human: we don't like being told we can't have things that we want. Especially when *we're* the ones saying we can't have it. So when my "nicotine monster" wanted its fix, it'd send the message to my brain, which would then start this psychological torment. 


Nicotine withdrawal is actually so simple, and once I'd removed the brainwashing, I finally understood how to identify it! It's kinda like something's missing, but I don't know what. It's a basic feeling (for me, anyway) like I might be hungry - but I'd just eaten earlier, and was full, but still had a sort of hunger - I knew immediately that my nicotine levels had dropped, and the little bastard was waiting for his fix - but he wasn't going to get it. Ever. Again. About 5-10mins later, that feeling went away. Being in that session is what finally helped me grasp it: you can't long for something that you don't actually *want* anymore. So my brain will no longer try and con me into believing that I really want to smoke (just thinking of the reasons I'd used to convince myself previously makes me laugh now) - when what's really happening is that nicotine is leaving my body, and the little junky isn't getting its fix anymore - and that is really *all* that's happening - and that's all that's going to happen, until the nicotine "dependency" is finally over.

This time, I hadn't psyched myself up for the quit, gotten myself all excited. I just had a huge smile on my face when I had my final cigarette. Because I felt like something had finally clicked. Like I knew it was all *finally* over.


So, I'd like to thank Allen Carr's Easy Way Clinic for the wonderful experience today, and everyone here for sharing all your experiences from your journeys - you've all been an inspiration: those that have fought the battle and won, and those that haven't, but keep getting up and trying. You guys are awesome!


P.S: an added thing for my personal withdrawal - my saliva glands feel strange. Not sure if it's my imagination, but I seem to be salivating a lot more when I have a pang. Anyone else had this? What are the weird things that have happened to you when you stopped?