I am 4+ weeks smoke free! It's been a tough journey, but I am never going back.

Hi friends,

I've been smoking since my mid-to-late teens up up til' now. I am nearly 30, but feel twice my age. In the past 1-1.5 years, I've cut down a lot. Truthfully, I can't tell you the last time I purchased a pack myself. My biggest enemy was leaving the house to socialize. Any social setting involves alcohol, and when there is alcohol there must be cigarettes. This was my biggest weakness and when I would smoke, I would make up for lost time. 

I sit in front of a desk all day, so I hardly get any movement. This past year, I went through some health scares and complications that I am still experiencing. Around February, I landed myself in a hospital bed where I vowed not to smoke again. I knew I had to change, and wanted to do the right thing. Since then I would quit for weeks at a time, only to find myself smoking. Drinking alcohol would alleviate most of my pain to where I felt 'normal', and so, feeling invincible, I would light up only to pay the price the next morning and days to follow. I realized it is absolutely not worth it, no matter how stressed I am and what I'm going through physically. 

Four weeks ago, that switch in my brain finally clicked. I can't tell you what it was, perhaps a culmination of all the things that have transpired in recent times that lead me to this decision. I can confidently say, I will never break or go back to smoking cigarettes. I actually eagerly await the day where I can finally turn one down. I've been going on weekly hikes with my coworkers, have been mindful about what I'm putting into my body for the first time in my life and taking it one day at a time. I only pray that I have not done any permanent damage, because I now realize how important it is to eat right and exercise. With that said, I know I may not be out of the woods quite yet. Truthfully, I've got a long walk ahead of me, but I know that it is only onward and upward from here and I enjoy every passing day that adds onto me being smoke free! After the 2.5 week mark, the squashed and compressed feeling in my chest went away and I was able to finally breath better. I know this will take months to fully recover from, but I cant tell you how great it feels already.  I still occasionally experience a headache, but I'm positive those will fade soon. I've you've made it this far, I just want you to know that you're not alone. There are 90,000 of us here, together! Put your mind to it, and own your decision. Don't try to prepare your 'last cigarette', because it never works. I've had a couple hundred of those. Most importantly, don't forget all the progress you've made, even when you find yourself smoking again. This was nearly two years in the making, and even though I'm only a month deep, I'm sticking with my decision no matter what. I say this with absolute certainty. Thank you for reading, stay positive and god speed every one.