Gotten so deep in this habit so quickly and can't even begin to think of how I'd get out. Cold turkey? Cutting down? What do you guys think?

So I had my first cig around the age of 13-14. I thought they were disgusting, but at the time being a young smoker made us feel edgy and "cool". Obviously that's immature and pathetic logic. I bought packs when I could get them, but didn't even inhale 50% of them because I was so grossed out.

For the next 8 yrs, I was a very on-and-off cig smoker. I very very rarely bought my own pack. Mostly I'd buy "looseys" for 75cents from the gas station to smoke occasionally when I was drunk/bored. There was no rhyme or reason to when I smoked - I'd smoke a couple cigs a day for a week straight, then not touch one for two months. I never considered cigs to be something I wanted to do everyday, but of course nobody ever does. 

This past year things changed. I went through a rough breakup that left me pretty angry and upset all the time. One of my favorite times to smoke a cig was always driving around in my car when I was really mad. Due to the nature of how the breakup was affecting me I was ALWAYS mad. So I started to smoke more often, in addition to going on a huge blackout drinking bender for over a week, but the alcohol is a story for another time (or subreddit).

This lead to buying a pack, after that pack I bought another, then another and you guys get the picture. Started smoking 1/3 to 1/2 pack a day (6-10cigs).

Eventually me and the girl got back together and I was very happy. She wanted me to quit cigs and I was in a better mental state so I did with no issues. I had only been buying packs for under two months. 

So I quit but shortly after went back to on-and-off smoking again, bumming cigs here and there when drunk or the occasional angry cig in my car. I quickly within a few months started to buy packs again. I've also been prescribed adderal for over 3 yrs, and for those of you who have never experienced a cigarette on adderal, it's quite amazing. Something about the way adderall affects your breathing, it makes it super satisfying to inhale smoke. 

Once I got into smoking on adderall I couldn't stop. I'd walk around campus on school and just rip cigs in between classes and walks to my car. I also had a restaurant job as a waiter/bartender, and due to the stressful nature of the pace of work and the fact that a cig is the only excuse for a break, I started relying on having cigs at work. I figured once I got my full-time job I'd be in a better position to quit but I was wrong.

When I started working my smoking became nonstop. Walking around New York City on adderall chain smoking 2-4 cigs every chance I could get. I'm burning through 15cigs to a full pack a day EVERYDAY.

I'm absolutely disgusted with myself. I feel like I lost 50% of my breathing already. I feel like shit. I know people can't stand to sit near me at work because there's no way I don't smell horrible. I'm ALWAYS craving a cig. It was always a minor habit but now it's nonstop. I can't even imagine walking my four blocks to work without at least 2 cigs. 

I don't know where to begin stopping. This has been going on (smoking 10+ cigs per day) for about a month and it needs to stop. I'm so wrapped up in this habit though. With the adderall, the cravings are so hard. Unfortunately I have major attention issues and quitting the adderal just isn't an option right now. 
It hasn't been long so I can't imagine to have a major nicotine addiction. Honestly for me it's 90% the "act" of smoking like blowing the smoke, holding the cig, etc that I'm so drawn to. But there's such a huge mental factor in it where there's certain points in the day (getting off the bus to walk to work, lunch break, before bed) where I'm so used to smoking and I look forward to those chances to smoke that I feel like I wouldn't even know what to do with myself during those times without a cig. It only took a few months of daily smoking to get to this point too.

What tips do you guys have for me? E-cig? Cold turkey? Taper down? I need to nip this habit in the butt before I end up with serious health issues.

TL;DR: Been a very on-and-off smoker for the past 8-9yrs, but never really bought packs. Recently been smoking up to a full pack a day out of nowhere. I think my adderall prescription is a huge factor as it makes me crave cigs and I enjoy them much more while on it. Don't know where to begin attempting to quit because I'm so wrapped up in my habit and ALWAYS having cigs at certain points in the day. 