Today I Did NOT Smoke Any Cigarettes On My Walk to Work

As I'm sure any smoker can agree, a huge factor in when/why we smoke is having certain events, locations, times, etc that we associate with having a cigarette. Unfortunately for me it's gotten the point every time I have to step outside it's a damn "event" that calls for a cig.

It started as on-and-off or "casual" cig smoking for the past 8-9 yrs. Never bought a pack. Strictly bumming cigs here and there and smoking anywhere from 0-5 cigs a week. Out of nowhere, and with help from my adderall prescription making smoking oh so satisfying, I've developed a 15-20 cig a day habit within only a few months of buying packs. You'll find my recent post here under my history of how damn helpless I've been feeling when it comes to quitting.

Anyway so back to what I was saying in the beginning. Smoking has a HUGE mental factor t for me. I recently started a new job that requires me to take a bus to the city, then walk 4 blocks to my office. Right when I get off the bus is when my adderall kicks in, and the cig cravings are in full affect. Since I've started this job, I've been smoking cigs on my 4 block walk every damn day. It started as one cig, then it turned into one cig the first two blocks, then another cig for the second two blocks, lately it's been the two cigs then I stand there and smoke a third before going inside. 

I have been hugely dependent on smoking that morning cig on my walk. Since I've started the job I have NEVER walked to work without at least one cig. The few times I tried, I ended up buying a pack in the bus station anyway. So I've been basically battling this mental battle of trying not to let certain times of the day and places mean that I NEED to have a cigarrette. For those of you who have been smokers I'm sure you know what I mean by this.

Anyway it's 8am and I just walked all the way to work and DIDNT SMOKE ONE CIGARETTE. This morning I randomly decided that today I wasn't going to have a pack to smoke out of all day, I had one cig and left it home. It felt so weird going on this walk without a cig in my hand but it felt damn good to actually be able to resist smoking at one of my most crucial cig times.

Anyway just wanted to share because I'm super stoked on not smoking this morning. Now let's hope I can make it through lunch too. I typically smoke 2-4 cigs at lunch and I'm aiming for zero today! Wish me luck guys!