Change of scenery helped me quit: going on 17 months free from cigarettes

I was 13 when I had my first cig. I was on and off buying packs throughout the rest of my adolescence. Once I hit college, my cigarette smoking ramped up. After college, I got a very stressful job in the city and my habit spiraled out of control. I was prescribed adderal. For those of you who don’t know anything about adderal: the cigarette cravings are like no other. If you think drunk cigarette cravings are bad, I assure you they’re nothing compared to adderal cravings.

So I’m working this job that I hate, and I’m basically a chimney at this point. On the walk from the bus stop to my office, I’d smoke three fucking cigarettes. On lunch, I’d go outside and suck back three. When I got home I’d sit in my attic and chain smoke. I was stressed at work, I wasn’t physically active, I wasn’t eating, or even drinking enough water, I wasn’t sleeping, all I was doing was smoking, drinking and doing drugs. I was 23 years old and I felt like I was dying physically every single day. I was easily smoking 20+ cigs daily. 

Eventually everything accumulated to a point where I just decided I didn’t want to live like this. I packed my car, and drove from the east coast to the west (US). I haven’t been home since. I remember my last cigarette. I was in Minnesota, it was cold as shit outside. I always hated the idea of people needing a cig that badly that they’re willing to stand outside and free and shake just to smoke. I remember throwing the pack in the garbage and deciding I wasn’t going to buy another one that day. That day turned into two days and three and so forth.

When I made it to the west coast, I never associated living out here with smoking. I essentially left that habit (and the adderal and other drugs) back home. For some reason this worked really well, and I never had any cravings or urges to smoke. I hang around smokers all the time, and if anything I’m disgusted at the smell and appearance of it rather than wanting one myself. I really can’t imagine myself smoking ever again.

Reflecting on how things’ve changed, my physical and mental health is incomparably better. I used to have this disgusting cough that everyone made fun of me for, that is long since gone. My teeth aren’t disgustingly yellow. People at work can actually stand to sit next to me without telling me I smell like shit. My car doesn’t smell like shit. 

I know it’s easier said than done, but I’m so glad that I left those habits with me back home. The reality was that I never truly wanted to be a cigarette smoker. It was an unfortunate circumstance of stress, depression, anxiety, boredom, and being on all sorts of drugs and drinking.

So I just wanted to share my story, sorry, I know it was pretty long. If anyone wants to talk about adderal (or other drugs) addiction, Id be glad to talk more about it! Next thing for me to tackle is the drinking, which fluctuates from not being a problem to kind of bad.

TL;DR - Had an adderal-induces cigarette addiction that had me chain smoking 3 cigs every chance I had. I left my hometown and on the drive, smoked my last cigarette. Left my cigarette and adderal habit with me back in my home state and haven’t smoked in almost 17 months.