Quit Shaming, Militant Ex-Smokers, and a little milestone

I have hit three weeks!  I have never gotten this far before on a quit and I have never felt better!  The cravings have subsided for the most part, and I don't think about smoking 24/7 like I had been.  I wanted to talk about a few things though.

First of all I wanted to talk about what I call "Quit Shaming."  Have any of you experienced some bitterness from friends/family that are still smokers?  Obviously all of my non-smoker friends/family are thrilled that I have quit and are very supportive of me.  My smokers on the other hand, are not.  I encounter a lot of smokers who are literally peer pressuring me to try to get me to smoke a cigarette.  Luckily I have a lot more willpower this time through than I have in the past and have managed to dissuade them.

I have also heard a lot of negativity from them.  Things like, "Oh, we'll see how long this lasts!"  and "Oh, X days huh?  Well let me know when you get to a month."  These phrases are generally delivered in a less than friendly tone, and I can actually tell that these people really want to see me fail.  If you have encountered this also, how do you deal with it?  I don't want to alienate these friends/family completely, which leads me to my next point.

One excuse I have always used to avoid quitting was that I didn't want to become a "militant ex-smoker."  I think we all know, and may be, these people.  The ones who give every smoker dirty looks, feel the need to go out of their way to tell every smoker that they need to quit, and then proceed to list all of the ways in which smoking is bad for you.  I feel a million times better now that I have quit smoking, but I can tell you that when I was smoking I already knew that it was bad for me.  I also knew that I would feel better and have more money if I quit.  It kills me to see ex-smokers acting like this.  Since we've all been there we should be sensitive to the way the addict feels.  I feel like anything else is just belittling the smoker.  Of course, I'm not saying we shouldn't reach out to our loved ones that we care about.  I'm just saying that we all need to be aware of others' needs and feelings, and be respectful of the battle that each person has to face.

And I'd like to end on a positive note.  I had a major milestone (for me) the other day and I didn't even notice it at the time, which is what made it so great.  For the first time in over 14 years I drank my morning coffee and did not crave a cigarette!  Freedom is near!  Keep up the good work fellow quitters!