Has anyone ever binge read allen carr?

This is my first time back to this sub for a while. About 6 weeks ago my mom was diagnosed with breast cancer. Anyone who has been through a health scare knows its pretty emotional. During that time, I got in a fight with a family member(drunkenly, and over the cancer thing), and my drinking got a little excessive. 

My mom quit smoking shortly after she found out she had breast cancer, and learned she had a history of lung cancer in her family. She was upset about the fight, and my drinking, and her cancer. I decided to stop smoking too, and drinking for that matter. My motivation was how screwed up things had just got, and that I need to get my act together for my moms sake…because this will be tough for her.

I quit cold turkey and lasted 12 days. The 12 days was really really great in retrospect. I even became kind of cocky. I would tell the non smokers at work how great it was and how I couldn’t believe I had ever smoked. I would even give advice to people (on here and irl) on how to quit. I was so naive. 

I’m not going to focus on my relapse, or why I did, because it really won’t help. But there was a ‘trigger’ (you could probably find it in my old posts, cause i posted here when i did relapse but i really doubt anybody cares) Things were getting back to normal though in the family part. My moms thing was getting better, the doctor said it wasn’t that big and things will likely be okay. 

Now I am smoking more cigarettes than I was before I quit the first time. Also, I started drinking again somewhere along the line. Now, Im back to where I was before the whole mom/cancer scare thing. Maybe worse.

I’ve tried to do the same thing I did the first time. The motivation isn’t the same. The first time was like a ‘rock bottom’ type of feeling. Now when I try I just don’t get the point. I think it might be because that was my very first time ever. Now I probably think: “Why deprive yourself when you’ll just start again in a week”

The only thing I have going for me is i am still determined to quit. This time I think I want to try Easyway. I have a family function tonight so I decided to start tomorrow as I won’t have to work. So I can basically shut myself inside and lay in bed to get through the first day (Hey, it kinda worked last time…for 12 days..)

I was kind of planning on binge reading allen carr tonight and trying to finish it, with my cigarettes. I have read books cover to cover in one sitting, but those are always fiction and really get my attention. So has anyone ever done this? Is this practical or am I just justifying another night of smoking and drinking (Oh, I’ll drink and smoke tonight, and quit tomorrow…I swear)?

I am skeptical about the book. Especially when I thought I had kicked the habit, I thought to myself “See? Who needs that stupid book?” But now I see how naive I was and think it might help.
