Day 2. Just hit 24 hours. Tomorrow might be rough.

Oh man, what a 24 hours it has been. I put the patch on around 8:30 last night. That made for a pretty wild dream; the first dream that I can recall having in 4 or so years. (I work for a racing school, which was prominently on display in my mind last night).

All the cars, all 18 of them, were being wrecked, one after another, by this little 3 person group attending one of our amateur racing schools. By the last crash, the 18th car, I was beginning to wonder if I was still going to have a job due the lack of cars and parts for future classes. I began to freak out, and couldn't find any of my co-workers. I then had a closer look at the cars, and realized that they weren't the cars of my company! I then promptly told myself that I was dreaming, and I woke up. At 1 am. I roll over, and go back to sleep.

I get up at 6:05. First thing I used to do upon waking up was smoking. Instead I took the time to shower before work today. Because why not. (I usually shower afterwards because of the dirty nature of my job).

I have half a pack of American Spirit Blues left over in case I broke down today.

Triggers started once I hit the road. Bad drivers. Boredom. Pairing with coffee.

Got to work, more triggers. Coworkers smoking. I slapped that half empty pack on my desk in plain sight so that if I had a craving bad enough, they were there.

Waiting for parts to cool after heated assembly was a prime time to sneak a smoke.

-Glanced a stare at the half empty pack.-

Lunch time used to be another good time. The late afternoon smoke. 

-Another good long stare at the little blue pack that used to bring enjoyment to a restless mind.-

The after work smoke. 

-Grabbed the pack, and got into my car.-

The commute home smoke or two. Or three.

The unwinding in the back yard trilogy of smokes. The after dinner smoke. The smoke with beer.

All resisted.

The pack of American Spirit Blues is still half empty, sans the two that were bummed off of me today.

I made a point of not telling more than 4 people that I was quitting. I don't need the pressure, I put enough of that into myself as it is. But I told the ones important to me enough that of they saw me get edgy, they would understand.

Just slapped on a new patch and getting ready for bed. Can't wait to see what dream pops into my ever wandering mind tonight. I have a sneaking suspicion that tomorrow is gonna be a rough one.

Here's to healthy futures, and jars full of cash.