How I relapsed after 10 days..

Yesterday at work everything was going smoothly, I was feeling pretty good that I'd made it through another weekend of not smoking. I worked the late shift and the owner of the small business I work for had left for the day. To shorten this up, and not be too specific...A customer got pretty irate about something I damaged of his...I'm a younger guy, and he was a younger guy. My manager was there as this guy yelled at me, and I told him we will take care of it, and not to come back after that. This guy ended up threatening to fight me and I had to walk away...I was really fuming.

This was the worst craving I've had in the 10 days, I was as angry as I'd ever been, I was pacing, heart pounding...and I really wanted a cigarette.

I drove home after work, and didn't stop at the store to get a pack, so I felt somewhat glad I fought that temptation off. But there was a cigarette somewhere, I knew it was there...for the last 5 days I had known it was there. It was my moms, a 'mom' brand...yuck, I always said if I was going to relapse it would be with my brand. I saw it had fallen behind her nightstand (she quit a week before me...still going strong :). It was in the back of my head...and after retelling the story, and thinking of what I should have done and blah blah...I went right to it, grabbed it, and lit it... basically without even thinking about it. I let myself go to it, I knew I shouldn't. 

It wasn't great, it didn't make me feel better really...i felt guilty, it tasted gross (because it was a menthol slim) 

I made it the rest of the night...still very very angry...woke up angry...went to work, and on my way stopped and got a pack of 'my brand'....I've smoked 12 or 13 so far since 9AM. I really screwed the pooch.

I work outside, so I can smoke pretty much whenever I want, and I think I was pretty much smoking as if it were like 'candy' I felt no craving really...and even halfway through I would get a headache...but id finish it!!!! ahh..

I really just feel like a lot unraveled for me...I still have the pack and can't even bring myself to throw them away. I have a steady headache now, my neck aches...I know its from basically chainsmoking today.

I've gotten through a lot of situations that 'made me angry' in my 10 days cig free..and beat it, actually felt calmer at times...but this was completely different. This was a trigger somebody probably doesn't get very often. The adrenaline trigger I guess. To me it seems this adrenaline was almost like being 'drunk' at least the decision making part. I simply think I didn't care last  night. My justification was.."I'l smoke this ONE, I won't buy a pack". 

This morning I wouldn't have bought a pack had I not smoked that ONE. 

Hope it helps somebody, if they read all the way through it...

