Need some advice, after quitting for 9 months

Hello friends,

Serial quitter here. I didn’t start smoking cigarettes young - I started in 2015, replacing a prior hookah addiction. It started with a couple of cigarettes when I went out drinking with friends in the evenings, until the first cigarette of the day inched all the way up to within 5 minutes of waking.

I’ve always wanted to quit for many reasons, but always stumbled. The longest period I went before my current quit was 3 months, a stint that ended after a major fight with my wife a year and a half ago.

I have been smoke free for 9 months now, though ironically quitting this time around wasn’t my idea. After my wife, who was also a smoker, became pregnant and quit, she couldn’t stand the smell of smoke on me, so I ended up quitting, and because I love holding our baby and being close to him I haven’t gone back.

However, I find myself still fantasizing on and off about smoking. I was a journalist covering war, and I think the smoking and occasional drinking masked an underlying inability to deal with stress and anxiety. I continue to struggle with both even after leaving journalism, combined with the stress of parenthood and major life changes. This has led to renewed cravings.

These aren’t the sort of crippling craving attacks that occur on day 3 and week 3, but more like an ache in the back of my head for a stress relief mechanism that I feel like I’ve earned, despite intellectually being aware of all the reasons I wanted to quit. It’s not so bad that I’m going to go buy a pack right now, but it has convinced that I will eventually, perhaps when my baby is a bit older, that I will go back to smoking one of these days, and the thought leaves me actually feeling somewhat reassured, despite seeing the 5,500 cigarettes not smoked end of the spectrum.

I hope this doesn’t discourage others who want to quit, because quitting smoking has been amazing in every possible way. But I wanted to ask for advice, because I had thought by know I would have developed a stronger immunity to relapse.

Thoughts?