I Fell off the Wagon, and Hit My Head Hard.

After quite some time being a good non smoker--I really lost track--my greatest stressor, my youngest daughter showed back up. Long story short, she's a drug addict who dumped her kids on me rather uncermoniously four years ago.  

I've handled, death, illness, every trigger known to smoking, and was rocking it. One look at her on my doorstep and I couldn't stop thinking about smoking. 

Said she was clean. Begged me to let her in. Said she was done with everything. I'm a sucker for my own child. Even if she's 24 and given me hell all the way through. She was the most sincere, the most logical I'd seen her act in six years. 

So, I let her in and started smoking that night. By the end of the week I was chain smoking at least a pack a day. Well, she lasted three weeks. 

One night she said she'd be out for about three hours. And she never came back. It has been weeks. Hasn't called, responded to a text, nothing. I even filed a missing person report. The police found her, but she told them she doesn't want anyone to know where she is. Great. So, she's alive. Yes! But I shouldn't count on seeing her for years.  

Cue more chain smoking. So, after three weeks of her being gone, again, I quit. It's been seven days. It was a rough quit. Felt like crying and screaming for the first two days. Did a little bit, but not nonstop like I felt. 

So, I know I don't want to put myself of my grandkids through that again. That's why I'm here. 

This morning I got an invoice from my family attorney.  $2800 for mediation on next Friday. I'm fighting the druggie daddy of baby two for custody. My hair-brained ninny of a daughter has already relinquished her rights. I'm not sure my attorney is worth this, but I don't have a clue without them. 

I've already spent thousands on this attorney. I do not have $2800 dollars. So, I'm going to have to start begging. Family, friends, on the street, IDK. And all I can think of is a stupid cigarette. 

Help. I can't afford to put my little family through the quit again, and hell, I really can't afford the cigarettes. 

Anyone out there with some words of wisdom or encouragement? 

Please. 