One day at a time I'm breaking this habit

2 years ago I quit for 8 months using the vape. I was successful but started to notice I couldn't breathe well even with vaping and it scared me because they're not FDA approved and not a lot of studies are done to show the long term side effects. I foolishly believed I could then be just a social smoker. Any quit failures can attest that being a social smoker if you're a smoker is not a reality. So I was smoking again for the next two years. 
I tried many times without a plan and without a vape and found myself with a high level of frustration and lashing out at loved ones. This disturbed me so much I'd always pick up a pack and get my "personality" back. But I noticed new horrors like stains on my teeth, shortness of breath, racing heart and my car smelled so bad. 
So here I am on day 5, longer and stronger than I've been in the past. I am using the patch and have noticed a HUGE difference in my quit. I've had a couple outbursts but nothing unrecoverable. I find now that I accompanied all my activities from coffee to grocery shopping to taking vacations with cigarettes. I have a deep mental addiction as I started when I was 16. This time I feel confident and know that all I need to do is retrain my brain to do all the things I always do, minus cigs and actually try to enjoy those things. I took a month off work in between old job and new and I'm referring to this as rehab. Since they don't make those sparkly facilities for just plain old cig addicts, I'm training my bored brain to resist. I've been doing yoga, cooking, sleeping, eating ice cream or anything else to keep me occupied and in the dull moments, I write long posts on Reddit to tell the other non smokers about my journey and encourage you all that this is about choices and decisions that only you can make for yourself. I'm committed this time and I wanted to say thank you for all your posts as they help me stay inspired. And really, one day at a time is enough! 