Three years ago today, I was a three-packs-a-day smoker. Three years ago tomorrow, I wasn't.

Two years ago, I wrote [this handy guide for my fellow quitters](https://www.reddit.com/r/stopsmoking/comments/1nfqe1/a_year_ago_today_i_was_a_3packsaday_smoker_a_year/). 

So today I'm going to tell you how much I loved smoking.

I loved smoking. I *loved* smoking. Think about the last time you were really, truly, deeply to your core happy, and who or what made you feel that way. Maybe it was a SO, maybe it was the last Thanksgiving your family spent together, maybe it was that time you got accepted to your first college pick. Whatever. Think about that joy. That was what cigarettes gave me. 

The smell of them in the pack, the smell when they were lit. I loved opening a new pack and I loved squishing an empty pack so I wouldn't have to shake it later to see if there were any left in there. (That shaking habit? Yeah, I still sometimes get the urge, when I see open packs littering the window sills and benches in front of the bar next to my apartment. Or when I'm with a friend who smokes; I just want to check. That old craps shoot - do I have one more in here? Can I let this pack go?)

I loved buying them. A piece of advice I heard when I was young was "wherever you live, find a nearby place and become a regular." It was meant for coffee shops, bars, restaurants, whatever. But I was always a regular at the gas stations and 7-11s. They knew me, they'd see me coming and have two packs out for me. I had four or five places who knew me, because if I'm buying two packs on Tuesday morning on Hubbard, I didn't want to go back that afternoon for my next two. So I'd go to Adams, or Lake Street, or wherever. Mix it up a little. They all knew me. Norm Peterson only had one Cheers, I had half a dozen.

Cigarettes got more expensive. From $1.70 when I started to $3, $5, $8, $10. Ten fucking dollars. I tried to quit. For a year or so I'd try to quit about once a month. My own personal [Great American Smokeout](http://www.cancer.org/healthy/stayawayfromtobacco/greatamericansmokeout/). It didn't really take. Well, back in 2001 I was down to two cigarettes a day. But then 9/11 happened and I smoked three packs that day. Back then, I was just a pack and a half smoker. I tried other times, other methods. None of it stuck. My love of it was too strong. I am not kidding. It was *love*.

Cigarettes were costing me about $33 a day when I quit. The last pack I bought was $10.81. I don't make a lot of money, I dropped out of both high school and college. I'm horrible with money anyway but whenever I had any at all it immediately went to cigarettes. Even if it meant foregoing doctor appointments for my debilitating back problems, even if it meant sitting home by myself chain smoking while all of my non-smoking (or less-than-3-packs-smoking) friends went out and had fun times. Even when it meant pawning my TV, my bike, whatever I could find, to buy a few more packs. 

And as I was pawning my possessions for my beloved cigarettes, I scoffed at the people who told me, "If I can quit, you can quit." I had scoffed for years, but I was able to really put to words why I was scoffing. You quit? You just quit? That's fine, but it's nothing to do with me. Your argument is that you were very addicted, but you quit. You lie. You were not very addicted. If you loved cigarettes the way I love cigarettes, you would not quit. You would never quit a love that strong. So if you quit, you weren't nearly as addicted as I. So your stupid holier-than-thou bullshit is just that: bullshit. 

I'm not here to tell you, "If I can quit, you can quit." I'm not here to tell you all the other shit, like how you will save money and how much your clothes stink (which I always thought was a lie; I *loved* the way cigarette smoke smelled, even stale smoke), and how much more time you have in your day when you're not stopping to smoke all the time. You do you. I'm just telling you about me. 

Do I miss it? Two years ago I had a nearly fatal reaction to sulfa. I had no idea I was allergic. It made me really, really stupid. And it hurt my lungs. I had quit smoking 11 months before. And I remember, in my stupor, acknowledging that my lungs really hurt. They hurt like back when I was a smoker, but I didn't really have that complete thought. I just thought, "Oh, my lungs. Oh no. Well. This feels right. Yes, this feels like old, good times." I miss having an excuse to go outside during work more, and an excuse to linger outside. No one cares if your'e on the street corner smoking a cigarette and people watching, but if you're just standing there people get suspicious. I miss the people I met when smoking, people I would have never otherwise met. The conversations I had over cigarettes with complete strangers. I do miss that. Once, a few months ago, after a bad day I walked outside and reached for my cigarettes. Some habits die hard. I went for froyo instead, watching the ships on the river on a sunny afternoon.

I told myself I'd quit when I was 35. I did, sort of. I had plenty of excuses. And within a week I was back to my old smoking standards. Two weeks went by, and that Sunday, three years ago today, I realized I was out of smokes. I had no car, so getting cigarettes was this big long fiasco involving at least one bus. I was so mad; I really wasn't interested in leaving to go deal with this. And as I angrily got up to get dressed, a little voice in my head said "....or, you could just quit smoking. Dumbass." So I did. And the next six weeks really, really sucked. And then they got better. And it was completely worth it. 

Maybe you think it couldn't have really been love, because here I am three years later with no cigarettes. I don't even vape. I gave up the nic patches five days into quitting. Maybe you're thinking, "Hypocrite." Can't blame ya. But I'm hoping, if you read this far, that a little voice in your head is saying, "If that nutjob can do it, I sure the fuck can. Sell your TV to buy cigarettes? What even is that?" If that little voice needs some encouragement, or needs some way to talk over the sabotage monster who keeps telling you reasons why you need to keep smoking, check out the post I linked to at the top of this post. The anger really helps. I hope this post does, too.