Struggling with major depression while trying to quit

Hey guys, I don’t really know how to start this. My best friend and I have been long time smokers. We actually became best friends because we smoked on break at work all of the time and got to know each other in a way that wouldn’t have been possible otherwise. However, a week ago he was hospitalized with a severe infection, put in isolation and even though he’s home now, he’s still getting IV antibiotics through a PICC line. The whole ordeal has been horrible and scary and sad and now he’s decided that he’s quitting smoking. He’s smoked for 25 years and I’ve smoked for 12. Everything we did involved smoking; watching movies, taking drives, having coffee and cigarettes in the morning, going to Niner games, lots of smoke breaks at our highly stressful job, and a million other things... but I want to support him and I feel like he’ll be more likely to fail if I’m still smoking so I told him I was quitting too. Since he was in isolation for 5 days, smoking wasn’t even a possibility for him and today marks one week of not smoking for him, but I’m struggling so hard with it. Before I committed to quitting, I was on the verge of crying all of the time simply because of everything going on, but now that cigarettes are being taken from me too, I feel absolutely hopeless and can’t go an hour without fighting tears, or if I’m alone, just completely breaking down. I threw out all of my smoking paraphernalia two days ago and went through all of yesterday without smoking, but it was the most miserable day I’ve ever had. Today, faced with the prospect of going back to work without my best friend AND without cigarettes, I caved and bought some and smoked three throughout the day (normally by now I’d have smoked 10). I don’t want to quit. I love smoking so much and I know I have a really strong emotional attachment to it. The prospect of quitting feels exactly the same as when I thought my best friend was going to die. I can’t stop crying and I don’t want to feel like this anymore. I know everyone says it gets better and to stay busy, but it’s not possible to stay busy every minute of the day. I also feel like not smoking changes my friendship with my best friend and things will never be the same. Maybe some of you had friends like this and can understand, but I feel like if I don’t quit, it will hurt our friendship little by little and eventually we’ll drift apart (even though he’s specifically said our friendship is stronger than that). But at the same time, I feel that if we both quit, our relationship won’t be the same because every memory together involves smoking. I know I need to quit and I know that this is a really good opportunity, but I don’t know if I can handle the stress of everything that’s already going on AND quitting smoking on top of it. I would really love to hear from anyone who quit in the middle of a really stressful situation or from someone else who had the same fears about how it might change their relationship. I know a lot of the way I’m feeling is irrational, but unfortunately, I can’t rationalize this depression away. I’m sorry this is so long, but I felt like I needed to explain things fully to get the advice that I need. I appreciate anyone who read all of this and appreciate even more any advice anyone can give me. 