My last attempt failed. I'm ready to try again.

Exactly 133 days ago, I attempted to quit smoking, and failed. I made it through about 18 hours until I broke. I was making it through the day okay with cravings, but it was during a workday and I couldn't think straight to save my life. 

During that time, I was planning a potential cross country move, was traveling for work like a maniac, and had an extremely heavy workload. Looking back on the time, it probably was one of the worst times to try to quit smoking. 

But, I still failed because I didn't plan a smart attempt. I made all the plans in a theoretical sense - made a list of reasons to quit, created a list of triggers, and then answers to those triggers, cleaned my home and car of anything reminding me of cigarettes, and set my date. 

What I did not do was look ahead at the reality of what quitting can mean, and definitely did not look at what was going on in my personal life to see if this was something I could add to an already stressful part of my life. 

I have since moved. I am fully moved in, am in my new office with a small support team, and my work/life balance is evening out. Additionally, I've gotten into a pretty good exercise and fitness habit, am eating better and more balanced meals, and am making healthier choices overall in every other aspect of my life. 

That, to me, is important bc my secondary fear in quitting was weight gain. And I know that's a superficial bargaining point for stalling, but it's still a real issue that has been on the back of my mind with each attempt. 

So, I'm at the point where I am ready to try to quit again. I have laid out a plan to try to slowly taper down over the next 2 weeks, and then quit completely on Friday, October 12th. I have a vacation coming up in November (planned prior to deciding this) that I'd like to be free and clear of most withdrawal symptoms, as well as enjoy the outdoors with newly revived senses. 

And this time, I am giving a full weekend to fight some of the early withdrawal from cigarettes before going back into work and being around some of the simple stressors that come with that. 

So...I'll be back here for sure to officially announce when I make my new attempt, and would like some feedback on anything else I may need to prepare for. 

Thanks in advance for any advice!