I'm a quitting expert. I've quit about 8 times now.

I'm finally sick of smoking.

I've had my fourth throat infection that's resulted in complete voice loss in the space of a year. I'm 35. THIRTY-FIVE. I shouldn't be this constantly ill. It must be smoking that is making me so ill so constantly.

I'm a teacher and I also sing, so obviously losing my voice is a huge blow. Every time it goes, I have this fear that it's never going to come back.

Because I am ill anyway and don't fancy cigarettes at the minute, I decided that it would be a good time to make a change. I've got an electronic kit anyway, one my husband bought me awhile ago because he was supporting me in one of my previous attempts. I'm trying not to rely too heavily on it at the minute as I'd like to start moving toward being 100% nicotine free.

I've downloaded the "SmokeFree" app and paid for the missions. I've found the constant counting really helpful and it's helped me (along with the illness) to avoid breaking into the half-pack of cigarettes in my handbag because I don't want to click 'Yes' on the 'Did you smoke today?' question.

I'm off work this week (half-term - I'm a teacher), which makes it a bit easier as my normal routine (I'd normally smoke on the way to and from work) is nonexistent. 

What I'm worried about: in the past, I've done okay until I've had a bad day at work when I've stopped at a garage and bought a pack of cigarettes and chained them up. 

I know mentally that having a cigarette at the end of the day feels like it's diminishing stress, whereas it's not - it's just stopping the stress I feel from the nicotine withdrawal, not the actual stress from my job. Emotionally though, I have linked in my mind that stress + cigarette = less stress.

What I need is something I can do in my car at the end of the day that will relax me in the same way as having a cigarette. 

It's about a 40 minute drive home. I've thought about possibly recording some vocal exercises that will take 40 minutes so I can sing and practise on my way home. 

**tl;drWhat suggestions do you guys have for ending stress at the end of the working day? Something I can do in the car?**

Thanks in advance :)