On my 29th birthday, i quit smoking after 10+ years. It feels just like a haunted heartbreak.

We danced for ten years.  We were each others best friends, constant companions, and partners in crime.  We kissed every hour of everyday. 
She always made me feel accepted, relaxed, and secure.  In other's eyes, we were meant for each other - the perfect couple.

Whenever i was lonely, sad, angry, drunk, tired, sick, bored - I turned to her. Whenever i was happy, excited, social, sober, healthy, creative - I turned to her.  I was happy to share my flame.

She was always there for me when I needed her.
And she made sure i always needed her.
She wanted me all to herself, and i was addicted to her. But I couldn't see her true colors.  

She sucked the money out of me, while i sucked the smoke out of her.  She slowly poisoned my mind and body, while acting as if she was the only cure, the only medicine.  She made me unattractive to everyone else, so she could keep me all to herself... and i began to hate her for it.  

Betrayed and abused, i demand and accuse. I want to know why she wants to kill me! Why does she hate me so?  How could she lie and cheat and steal like this?! I NEVER WANTED THIS.  I only wanted her.

She has nothing new to say.  What i hear is what ive always and only heard from her: she will fix it, she will calm me down, she will make me feel better... She is the solution.  Just give in to her, give her my fire, and it will be alright again.

But i know better now, for she has unintentionally revealed her true nature.  She is not the solution, she is the problem.  I'm a fool to think she actually loved me.  Her cancerous voice has etched herself into my mind forever, trying to convince me she still matters on an hourly basis.  Even after i burnt her to cinders, crushed and ground her body into ash, her voice echoes in my skull. She is eternally after my inner flame to give her life, to make her real again, because she is only a smokey specter hungry for my complacent vitality.  She wants my soul, because she can never have one - like a wraith composed of icy smog.  And she wants my body, to create a malignant, tar-stained tumor for her to call home - like a damned parasite.

When i ended our sick relationship, I told her she would never see my flame again.  While she begged to be cremated in fire, i tore her to pieces, drowned her, and flushed her away to rot in the sewers where she belongs.  Nice try, bitch!  I need you like i need cancer.

But...  I still hear that voice, every single day, calling out for my fire.



