I've tried it all and can't quit. I hate myself.

26M, have been smoking regularly for 8 years, less than a pack a day. I've done it all: I've read Allen Carr's book twice, along with other books. I've read this whole fucking subreddit. Watched videos of people who quit, talked with people who quit, I'm taking antidepressants, on therapy once a week. I'm also taking a Master degree in clinical psychology, I know how it all works. But...

I. Can't. Fucking. Stop.

I fucking hate myself for it. I hate that I spend over 100€ every month on this shit. I hate the smell, the taste and the fact that I have to stop doing other things to buy and smoke this crap. I hate having to carry a bag of rolling tobacco along with filters, papers and lighter. I hate being halfway through a meal and shifting my attention to the cigarette that comes afterwards. I hate that my laptop, computer and floor are full of ash and small papers. I hate everything about it, I hate being enslaved to it, but...

I. Can't. Fucking. Stop.

Today, I was 16h smoke free (sleep included). I'm poor as fuck, living with my grandmother, and only had 2€. That's right, those are my savings: 2€. The stress from not smoking became so intense, even after deep breathing, writing, not drinking coffee, etc., that I ended up lying to my grandma and asking her for money. I immediately bought a pack and smoked a cigarrette with disgust (for it and for myself). If I don't smoke for a couple of hours, my already present anxiety transforms into homicidal rage (not an overstatement), where I literally feel like I could burn down the house just for a quick relief. I really feel a "monster" trying to kill me from inside if I don't smoke. 

If you can relate and have managed to go ATLEAST ONE DAY without cancer sticks... How did you do it? If nothing works for you, then what does? Jesus fucking Christ I'm desperate. I've been a non-smoker in my head for over a year, there is nothing I like about cigarettes. Yet, here I am. Please help me. 