Introduction - I want to quit but it's scary as hell

Hey everybody. I'm Mercurial_Illusion and for the first time in my life I've been working on improving how I feel about myself and improving...well...myself. Preemptive apologies if I get a bit rambly but I don't know where to start or what to say so I'm just going to go for it. All of this started a couple of months after my old man passed last year (Not looking for sympathy. It's just part of the explanation). My drinking and smoking went to crazy high levels. I went from being a more than casual but less than super drinker to alcoholic levels and I went from a little under a pack a day to 2+ packs a day.

I managed to quit drinking for four months and then decided to try having a casual beer at a get together and succeeded. I've managed to wrangle the drinking to social only levels (and I'm still being very careful about it) but comparing my drinking to smoking feels like comparing apples to oranges. I didn't start drinking until I was a month from 21 and it was a problem for only the past year; maybe a little bit more. I started smoking when I was 12 years old and now I'm 30. The prospect of quitting smoking is daunting to say the least. It's actually scary to imagine not smoking and I've been really struggling to overcome this mental roadblock. It's pretty rough. I went out and purchased a vape a few months ago but have had some serious trouble committing to it. The whole gamut of smoking feels very much a part of me. The pack in my pocket and the lighter right next to it there to feed the next need at a moment's notice.

I know this is the very gross head of addiction but it's like a phobia. My knowledge of the matter makes zero difference. The scared little kid inside of me is terrified of it. My brain has been wired by the nicotine to feel like it needs the fix. It wants the fix and the fact that I'm having a very difficult time controlling it is troubling. I know there's no tried and true method and everybody has a different way of dealing with and working through things but I would appreciate hearing/reading about the ways some of you were able to overcome this particular hurdle.

Thank you for listening.

EDIT: Thank you all. I've gotten a bunch of ideas and thought experiments that I think will actually make me give it a go and be successful this time. Or at least get a lot farther than previous attempts. The hope is real.