DAY JUAN

Day 1.


Spending a few months in LA because of music. This town equates smoking into the same periphery as animal cruelty and pedophilia. This has saved my life I think.

Throughout my month or so here, smoking has becoming less enjoyable and more of a chore. Couple that with constant hot weather, being winded after what should be a beautiful hike, and searching for discreet places to light up, I have had enough. (I smoke(d) about half a pack a day for about a decade, with that amount fluctuating from less to more from start to current)

Backstory: I am also a recovering alcoholic who has been "sober" (I smoke weed) for almost 4 years. I understand addiction and the pangs that come along. I have gone through serious withdrawals from alcohol, culminating in a seizure. I still drank for 3 more years in a very dark and serious way.

I believe a recovering addict MAY find quitting cigarettes a little easier, as we have gone through the brutal physical withdrawals that don't really accompany cigarettes. However, do not mistake me, I am feeling this.

But I've also never been more excited and amped up as I sit here pounding an Americano and fresh grapefruit juice; almost finished with Carr's EasyWay. It has 100 percent helped this process and I seriously cannot recommend it enough. You can read it in PDF for free online. 

We aren't stupid people, but we are doing an incredibly stupid thing.

I smoked my last light blue American Spirit last night at 12:44 A.M. i took one last gnarly inhale. It was like sex with an ex that is moving to Antartica. I had just bought a pack a few hours prior. I tried my first "quit" earlier that day, and decided I would read Carr's thing (because i wanted any excuse to keep smoking).

I got to about page 40, went outside for my dosage, brushed my teeth, and in a primal instant, I grabbed my cigs, took them all out, crushed them into the toilet, and flushed.

It is now 3:30 in the afternoon and i'm feeling weird but great. I walked 2 miles to the coffee shop and feel high. (I am SORT of high, but that's beside the point)

WE CAN DO IT. YOU CAN DO IT. FUCK CIGARETTES AND BIG TOBACCO.