I quit smoking 262 days ago!

 

I have waited 262 days to say that.  Everyday, I wait to get another day.  I want to be able to say one day, ”I haven’t had a cigarette in 50 years.” Getting there is a waiting game I am excited to play.  

Like many before, I too thought I would never quit.  The idea was incomprehensible, the attempts innumerable, and the guilt immeasurable.   I was a smoke-olic; I would smoke first thing when I woke up and last thing before bed--sometimes, I would even wake up in the middle of the night and go out and have a cigarette. I smoked for 13 years, and as my time as a smoker began to eclipse my time as a non-smoker, I was determined to get real with addiction.   Sure, some of it was vanity-based, some of it monetary, but I really looked at my behavior and smoking.  Smoking was a panacea for any attempt at getting healthy--why eat better when I smoke? why exercise when I smoke?  I wasn’t completely off the rails but I engaged in unhealthy behaviors that I didn’t really like and tied that engagement to my smoking habit, fueling a circle- jerk of self-loathing and poor decisions  (re: the wonder that is addiction’s ability to justify *anything*.) So, on the last day of my first quarter in grad school, I decided to become a non-smoker.  I figured I had winter break to go through any pitfalls that withdrawals brought out.  And bring out they did. I cried a lot, I ate a lot, I got anxious, and I got depressed; at one point, I locked myself in my room while my roommate threw a Christmas party because I had a change of heart about social interaction sans cigarettes and fell into an existential hole.  I can’t quite paint a vivid picture of that first month as it was a surreal blur.  I do remember eating a lot of cheese pizza. And television.  

Luckily, that all cleared up around the second month.  And, to be frank, it was nothing you can’t handle.  I would hate for a smoker to be dissuaded by “you’ll get anxiety” because it’s not really that bad; and for those that are really wanting to quit, nothing about withdrawals holds a candle to the guilt over smoking’s horrible health effects and the ever expanding hamster-wheel of “Do I have lung cancer? COPD? Emphysema? Throat Cancer? Oral Cancer?”  

Two things that really helped me quit and stay this way:

1. I thought of smoking for what it was: an addiction.  During the early days when my cravings were in it to win it, I chalked up their collective mindfuck to neurons (or whatever) dying.  The desire for a cigarette was just a really loud neuron (sometimes a stadium of loud neurons) screaming as they starved to death.   If I didn’t feed them, some would die and the desire would grow less and less.  The more I killed, the better it would get.  Each craving I resisted, made the next craving easier to overcome.  I still get cravings.  At least, once a day.  But the desire to smoke is so ephemeral; I can just let it go like a majority of all things I want but don't get to have (like, free grad school... sigh.)  Truthfully, I never imagined I could want a cigarette this less but I do and I have no desire to give into it because:
2. Smoking is unhealthy.  This was a realization that took sometime to develop.  I mean, I knew it was bad.  But, I didn’t realize how I felt about it being bad until I saw it from a non-addict status.  Gone were the blithe, “Hahaha, population control”, write-offs and other effervescent wiles to bend my personal mortality into irrelevance; in came the, “Fuck I don’t want to die because I smoked.”  Getting real with the consequences it has taken on my health, how my probability for pretty much every disease is now permanently higher than a non-smoker, has been upsetting. Not all-consuming, but upsetting.  It’s hard to admit I was so stupid.  I was.  But I ain’t gonna be stupid again!

Quitting smoking is the hardest thing I’ve ever done (and I have done some crazy ass things.)  It will remain the hardest thing I’ve ever done (and I plan to do some crazy ass things.)  I am so proud of myself for quitting and I am in awe of the benefits it has been.  I don’t want to spoil all the surprises for the people on their budding quit-journey but one of the biggest, tangible benefits has been when I cough (which is a very rare activity now) it doesn’t burn.  I got really sick with a cold a while ago and every time I coughed I mentally braced for a sharp pain that never came.   Huzzah!

So if you smoke, stop.  If you did stop, stay that way.  It’s hard.  But get some exercise, drink hot tea, go for a walk, cry, eat a whole bag of Cheetos Puffs, browse this sub, do what ya gotta do to not smoke because nothing is worth more than your health and smoking is the unhealthiest thing (like, for real!) you could be doing.  