[Update] Excuse me while I vent

Hi everyone!  It's been about a year since I wrote [this](http://www.reddit.com/r/stopsmoking/comments/1rqrv9/excuse_me_while_i_vent/) post worrying that smoking will always be in the back of my mind, even after months/years of being quit.  

I just wanted to come by and maybe encourage anyone that's in the process of quitting or perhaps thinking about quitting as a New Years Resolution.

IT DOES GET BETTER.  I go days without thinking about smoking.  Maybe even weeks?  I'm not sure since it gets to be so rare that I don't keep track.

The last time I lurked on this board, people were very anti-Chantix as a means to quit smoking (and pro Allen Carr)... but alas, Chantix is how I finally quit, and frankly I'm not sure if I'd have stayed quit without it.  Different strokes for different folks is all I'm sayin' here; what's important is that you quit.

It really is quite lovely not smoking... I definitely was a slave to nicotine.  I flew home for Christmas vacation and it was kind of funny/sad thinking that about a year ago, I would be outside the airport chainsmoking prepping for my hours long break of no smoking.  

Some tips (keep in mind that everyone is different, so this advice might not be helpful to you):

* Don't get sucked into the trap of... oh, I smoked a cigarette last weekend/month when I was trashed/high/stressed and didn't have any cravings the next few days... I can have another one today/occasionally without having to worry!  THIS IS A VERY DANGEROUS AND SLIPPERY SLOPE.  Soon, you WILL find you have these thoughts more frequently and that once every couple of months cigarette when you're smashed turns into once every month which turns into only when you're drinking or only when you're super stressed which eventually leads you back to craving cigarettes just like how you used to before you quit.

* The above said, I don't think it's helpful to beat yourself up IF you cave and smoke.  Quitting is a mental game, and it's important to stay positive.  Let's say you quit for 3 months.  Something happens, you're drinking, you're upset, you're curious to see how cigarettes affect you after 3 months, whatever.  You smoke.  Thoughts like you have to start right from the beginning or "now I can't consider myself a non-smoker anymore" aren't helpful.  Put the mistake behind you and move one... just don't use your forgiveness for mistakes as a crutch or excuse to smoke.

Aaaand that's all folk!  Good luck to everyone quitting!