Determined to quit but could use some support/advice.

The first time I smoked tobacco I smoked a prime time with a buddy of mine. I was in high school at the time, and afterwards I coughed up a storm, but I felt a residual "head rush", and I found myself smoking more often in search of that head rush again. 
I smoked swishers and prime times on a weekly basis when I was with my friends.  But eventually smoking cigars no longer have me the head rush I so desperately craved. I didn't smoke for a while, but one day I was with some friends, and I tried my first dip of chewing tobacco. Wouldn't you know I felt that head rush like I had never felt before! Before long I was chewing on a daily basis, smoking cigarettes occasionally, but over time that head rush I craved went away all together.
One day I was smoking pot with some of my friends, someone brought out a bong, loaded it with tobacco, and took a fat bong hit like it was herb. (AKA a tobacco rip) Being my curious self I immediately tried one after, and the head rush I got after taking it was 100x more intense than any I had experienced from chewing or smoking cigarettes. This would eventual lead to the worst habit of my life. I take take close to 20 tobacco rips on my days off, and feel almost nothing each time I take one. Every once in awhile I'll get something close to that first head rush I experienced, and that's what keeps me coming back. I enjoy that feeling so much and thought of giving it up scares me. I've tried to stop countless times unsuccessfully. I've broken bongs. Thrown away numerous packs, but my will power is so weak I usually don't make it more than 24 hours without taking my next rip. I am determined to quit. I know this habit is gross and extremely uncommon, but if there's anyone out there who has gone through what I'm going through, any support or words of advice would be most welcome. 
Thanks for taking the time to read my sob story, a tobacco free life is a good life and I want to be able to wake up again and not instantaneously crave a rip. Tobacco has taken over my life and it is truly time to take that control back. 