Quitting is one thing. Learning how to drive this new personality is another.

I have discussed this with some people, and want to share it here.

Smoking is a lifestyle.  It controls how we see/use time. It controls where we spend free time. It controls how we reward ourselves for enduring stress.  Yes we know it is probably killing us when we smoke, but perhaps we don't really care, because deep down, we will be missing the shittiest years of our lives, the part where we age and breakdown, and fall apart until we die anyway.

This is the general setup.

So here we are, and we have basically convinced ourselves that we'd rather have those last 15 years at the end of our lives, than be able to continue smoking now. So we quit. We MENTALLLY prepare for battle, and we win.  A week goes by, two weeks, and then some.  Our biggest problem is that our hands and feet sweat while we enjoy our coffee. Big deal. It's still kind of cool that we have proven to be strong enough and focused enough to not smoke for weeks on end!

Then it happens....you login to /r/stopsmoking and notice people struggling with cravings and relapses after periods of time WAY longer than the amount of time YOU have been able to lay off of smoking.  This sort of gets the ball rollling in the brain of oh shit....the cravings really don't EVER go away do they?

So far up to this point, ignoring cravings is a badge of honor, you don't want to give up the time logged under your belt living as a non-smoker which is why you are still holding on.

But it still lurks there.  Like an Egyptian curse waiting to be resurrected out of its tomb after 3 thousand years.   

I am THIS close to going to buy a pack of cigarettes and saying screw it.  

That's how I feel a lot of the time now. But I also feel something else: I don't feel like ME anymore.  I'm a new and different person than I was before I quit. I have this cold and steady mental alertness about me which lends itself to "making it through", but it also lends itself to EXTREME outbursts when someone pushes my buttons too far.  It's like a silent rage ready to be let loose at any moment.  I feel resentful of the permanance of quitting smoking. I no longer feel like celebrating. I feel depressed that smoking is bad for you and that I can't have one without feeling guilty that i'm committing suicide by smoking. I don't think I even like the new me. My mental state is alien to me.  I was never cold and short fused like this before.

I have noticed one thing: And can now see I am guilty of doing something others do which bothers me.......it seems that people who have successfully quit smoking eventually become hostile to smokers, put them down, speak down to them in terms of "you fool you are killing yourself with those idiotic cancer on a stick packs"  The only thing keeping them from smoking is hating smokers, and putting them down. oh if you smoke you're a bloody fool and are suicidal. Oh if you smoke, you're stupid and not nearly as smart as me because I quit cold turkey 35 years ago, and am not falling apart from something else at the age of 65.

The point of my rant:

1&gt;I'm beginning to resent not being able to smoke, and don't really care about the health benefits right this moment as I sit thinking about it.

2&gt;I don't like the personality i've uncovered by removing nicotine from my daily routine. This new person is depressing, unfriendly, prone to rage, and was probably a better all around person to have in your life when they were smoking!

3&gt;I definitely didn't like the smell of smoke

I don't even know where to go from here.