Day 21: Here's what's working for me

1. A stop smoking app like Smoke Free. At the very least for being able to see progress. Resetting those health progress bars actually felt very bad.

2. Fail a lot. For the longest time Day 4 was an unobtainable beast. Then it was Day 7. Then it was Day 14. Now I'm working on Day 21.

3. Thinking of it as "I'm on Day X of quitting" instead of "I haven't smoked for X days". I don't know why, but the latter has always made me feel better about progress. I think it might be a looking ahead thing or I get to kind of inflate my progress without actually lying? It also feels less like I'm waiting for a chunk of progress to finish and more like I'm actively progressing.

4. Treat yo self. I had all kinds of nasty withdrawal symptoms. My anxiety peaked, my mood blew up (lots and lots of crying over seemingly nothing), I had joint pains, stomach pains, flu symptoms, insomnia (still kind of going on, honestly, invest in zzz-quil), everything. I just decided that I was doing a hard thing so I wouldn't be to hard on myself. Staying in, wearing PJs, watching comfort TV, do yourself a kindness. 

5. Avoid hard triggers. Probably the thing that's actually gotten me here the most. Everything else is small potatoes compared to this. I was very much in the habit of drinking twice a week and I liked having these mid-week drink breaks and week-end drink breaks. But I definitely can't drink without wanting to smoke and drinking makes me more likely to go "oh fuck it, I'll smoke" so I gave up drinking. Which sucks but I did it because I:

6. Want it. Like, really bad. By the end of December I was fucking fed up with quitting and fed up with smoking and something just snapped. I didn't really want it as badly as I wanted it now and I think that burning desire to be free helped a lot.

For context I'm twenty-five going on twenty-six very soon and I've been smoking since I was eighteen. I was never a super hard smoker, maybe a pack every week or week and a half or a pack a night if I was drinking. I have a many regrets but I can't undo anything and all I can do is set myself up for a better future now.