Identifying as a 'Smoker' can make it feel like you're giving part of yourself up when you quit. Smoking is NOT part of who you are. It's just something you do.

I think that we begin to identify our "self" with and by things that aren't actually part of who we are. The most common example of this is probably our jobs. If someone asks you who you are you'll most likely give your name. Then if they ask you again with more emphasis, "Okay, but *who* are you?" Most people would then tell them their job. Knowing that you're an accountant or a sales rep or a computer programmer doesn't tell me anything about you. A sociopath serial killer and the most upstanding individual in the country could both be in the same occupation. The interpersonal relationships we engage in and the filters we use to analyze the world around us is what makes us who we are. Knowing someones occupation does let some light shine on their inner workings but to try and gather too much from such a small fact isn't anything more than making assumptions. 

If being a smoker is part of personal identity than eating is part of mine. I do it everyday, several times a day. I like it, sometimes I love it. I could live without it on an super-nutritious IV or a feeding tube. If I end up on a feeding tube does that make me a different person because I can no longer eat regular food? Has it changed who I am? Would anyone close to me change their opinion of me as a human being because of it?
 What if something happened that made it so I couldn't walk? Is being a 'walker' part of my personal identity? I hope not. I wouldn't want to reevaluate my entire existence because I can't walk. I would only want to rethink the way I get around and reach high places. Other than that I would be the same. It would not change *what* I do only *how* I do it. 

Sure there would be a lot of initial emotional and mental problems to deal with. It's no easy task learning to **not** do something you've done for years and years. It is without a doubt harder to unlearn something than it is to learn something new. The ability to persevere and work through difficult tasks is a beautiful example of real personal identity. 

A never-smoker would never think to identify themselves as such. If I read someones "About me" and it said, "...I've never smoker cigarettes even once..." without any context or anything, I would think that was strange. Nonsmoking isn't a identity to them; it's quite literally nothing to them. The fact that they don't smoke never crosses their mind, but that doesn't mean they are less of person, or lesser version of themselves. 

I think what it really comes down to is this: You are who you are not because of *what* you do but *why* you do (or don't do).

'What' am I doing? I'm writing. So are thousands of other people on Reddit right now. Not much of an identity, certainly not a personal one.
 
'Why' am I doing it? I write about smoking cessation because I feel like I have to give back and help other people the same way I was helped. Quitting "The Easy Way" wasn't easy, it was just much easier than every other way. Allen Carr is the only reason I was able to quit, He was the only help I had. I feel like if I can take his ideas, the things I learned from him, my own ideas, personal experiences and a better writing ability put them all together than maybe I can help other people quit too.

You are a human being with passions and interests that motivate you to complete tasks that you feel are both enjoyable and necessary to the completion of your life and you smoke cigarettes. What part of that sentences speaks more to who you really are? The real you is hiding behind the facade of a 'smoker.' Maybe the first step should be stop being a 'smoker' and just be a person who smokes cigarettes. Subtle phrasings, internal and spoken, can have a huge impact on the way the mind processes the world around us. 

Thanks to /u/Joneszey for bringing this topic to my attention and to /u/urbanbutter for her [post](http://www.reddit.com/r/stopsmoking/comments/2xvjiq/i_want_to_quit_but_i_love_smoking/) that this is a response to. 
