Finally quit after 20 years. I never felt so good before.

This is a long post and I might be rambling a little but I just wanted to share my story.  

Wow I never realized how long I smoked until I just thought about it.   After 20 years of smoking I had my last cigarette at 9:15 on July 4th.  I'm 34 I have been smoking since I was 14.  I smoked 2 packs per day, sometimes more, usually not less.  about 10 years ago I quit for a year.  During that year my wife smoked, coworkers smoked and it didn't bother me.  I didn't want a cigarette  the smell made me sick.  At the time I would drive a truck 7-12 hours a day for work.  One night when I was driving the work truck back I got caught in a Blizzard.  I should have gotten a hotel and stayed.  Well I wanted to get home so I decided to make the trip anyways.  Normally the distance I had to drive would take me 3 hours.  5 1/2 hours in I wasn't even half way home.  That was when I made the STUPIDEST decision ever.  I bought a pack of cigarettes thinking it would keep me awake and calm me down a little.  I told myself it was a one time thing and I would be OK.  They tasted so bad I only smoked a few.  But that is when it started going down hill.  It started with bumming a cigarette off a co-worker to Ill just buy one pack and led to 2 packs per day again.  
Fast forward 10 years and I was still smoking.  I have asthma also.  I was going through 2+ inhalers a month.  I had the worst smokers cough, couldn't breathe for crap.  I'd wake up overnight 10 times due to coughing or wheezing.  I knew this had to do with smoking but couldn't convince myself to quit.  
Both my parents smoke despite my Mom having COPD, Congestive Heart Failure and many health problems.  And it has been getting worse.  Though she cut back on smoking she hasn't quit.  She is in the hospital 1-2 times a month.  My fathers health is basically the same.  Of course he still smokes.  
With having to deal with all that I knew I had to quit.  I kept thinking that I couldn't put my wife and 2 children through what I have been going through with my parents.
My final wake up call was about a month ago when I had a checkup with the doctor and had to be put on blood pressure medication.  I told myself I HAVE TO QUIT.  I know how good I felt when I quit for the year.  Cigarettes are the WORST thing in the world.  I cannot think of anything that does that to you and you just want more and more.  I would take a puff off my inhaler and go smoke another cigarette.  When I was at the doctors I asked to be put on Zyban again (I used Zyban when I quit for the year.)  My wife noticed I got it prescribed, and acted optimistic about me wanting to quit smoking.  I could see in her eyes that she was just thinking that It would be like a dozen other times.  I'd say I was going to quit.  I wouldn't make it 4 hours before going to buy another pack.  I couldn't blame her for not believing that I was going to quit.  
Truly No medication, no person can make you quit.  The only person that can make you quit is YOURSELF.  This time I made up my mind and I knew I would be able to.  If not for my health then for my family.  
July 3rd at about 5pm I told my wife that the pack of cigarettes I had would be my last. She seemed optimistic but again I could see that she didn't believe me.  I smoked every cigarette out of the pack except for one before I went to bed. Mornings were always the worst if I didn't have a cigarette as soon as I woke up so I kept the 1 for the next morning.  
July 4th at 9:15 am I smoked my last cigarette.    
We went out on the boat for the day and then we watched the fireworks on the boat that night.  That was the best thing for me.  it forced me not to go buy a pack. 
The next morning was kind of hard but I pushed myself through it.  Since that morning it has been so much easier for me.  
I feel so much better already. I haven't used my inhaler once. (Again before I quit I was using 2 a month, which if over 400 puffs on the inhaler)  My lung capacity has probally doubled already.  I have a lot more energy already.  I have woke up maybe once a night since I have quit.  I noticed I have been sleeping on my back.  I haven't been able to sleep on my back for at least 5 years because it would feel like I couldn't breath.  I am also currently building a garage.  It is so nice not to get out of breath like I used to be.

At the time of typing this I haven't had a cigarette for 121 hours.  I do get a craving a few times a day but they are not bad.  I thought it would be so much harder but it is hard to believe how easy it actually has been. 
The smile and looks on my wife and daughters faces are so rewarding.  They are so happy I have quit.  I can tell my wife now  believes I am done for good this time.  My children and my wife keep telling me how happy they are and how proud of me for quitting they are.  That is the best feeling when they tell me that.  I will NOT let them down.  I AM DONE FOR GOOD.   

I know it is a hard decision to quit and it can be easy to mess up and start smoking again.  My suggestion for anyone who wants to quit or is having a hard time after quitting is make up your mind.  Look at all the benefits of quitting.  Look ahead and think how much better you will feel.  If you have a spouse or children quit for them.  When you have a craving or are about to slip think about the disappointment you will cause.  Think about the stress and hurt you will cause them with all the health issues you will have.  Think about all the time they will have to take away from their kids, spouse, family because you need to have them drop everything and rush you to the ER because you are having a COPD attack.  Family will do anything for family but think about all the good things you can do together if you are not in and out of the hospital.  Think about the time they will have to take off work to take care of you.  Think about all the things you will be able to do with them without smoking.

I know I am only a few days in and I am EXTREMELY lucky that I feel so much better already.  I know that not everyone will feel as good as I do right away, but you will start feeling better.  You will save so much money.  Don't let it control you.  A habit is NOT WORTH DYING for.