Getting prepared to quit but need to get something off my chest.

I had no idea where to post this but came across this subreddit and also decided to use the amazing badge system.I am getting ready and mentally prepared to quit starting this Monday but I wanted to get something off of my chest before I do that.Sadly my smoking habits made me more anti social and socially anxious than before so I basically have no friends,no social life and no one to talk to.So thats the reason for this post and I am sorry if I am posting in the wrong place.
      So as long as I can remember I have been depressed and this has led me to lack motivation to do anything,me quitting hobbies and my current drug abuse. I mainly smoke weed and tobacco over the past 5 years it went from occasional use to chronic use.It has aided in destroying the greatest relationship I have ever had because of my anger and selfishness and I have been depressed about that over the past 2 years(It also made me have wars with my parents but I cant truly blame weed for that because that was a matter of my character). It doesnt help that I moved to america right after the break up and  my two year stay in america has been me being depressed locked up in my room playing video games,watching and reading random crap, anime and smoking.I have grown to love this and gotten comfortable and safe being trapped in a loop of trying to quit,failing,relapsing,gaining hope etc.
      For 2 years I wasted my life,money and potential moving to america.But I have picked up a habit of meditation and it has helped me get a grip on things.I have been meditating for the past couple of months and finally gathered the strength needed to deal with withdrawal.I just want to have one more weekend with smoking and then finally move on with my life. I am only 22 and I believe I can easily turn my life around. Thank you for reading and I will definitely be using this badge system. Have a good one guys.


p.s Sorry for the terrible writing but I have work in a few and just wanted to get this out there before i clock in.