The "Smoke Free" App on Android OS brought me here.

Hey guys. Mikefwt210 here! 

I actually had no idea there that this subreddit existed. Not that I am surprised, there's a sub for everything under the sun! My mission for Day 13 was to visit this sub and read through some of your experiences and possibly share mine... and I certainly LOVE earning all my awesome gifs for completing missions. Challenge accepted.

Anyways... I had my last cigarette on November 1, 2015. It was a Sunday night, right before kick-off of the Packers/Broncos game (Go Broncos!). This will be the 4th or 5th time I've attempted to quit smoking, and [hopefully] the last. 

I'm not alone this time. I have a group of friends that I used to go out and have smoke breaks with. I've seen my 2 friends, we'll call them Ivy and Jemma, attempt on their own time to quit, only to have temptation knocking on their doors as we all kept going outside for smoke breaks. 

2 weeks prior to our quit date, I was outside on my porch smoking, probably playing Clash of Clans or something. Smoking had been wearing on me for a couple days up to this point. I'd smoke, but I wasn't enjoying them. They weren't tasting the same. They were hurting my lungs. They were causing me to feel nauseous, and I'd have a loss of appetite after a cigarette. I'm not sure what switch flipped off in my head, but I just couldn't do it anymore. 

The next day, during a smoke break, I brought up my recent experiences with my friends. I brought up how I've seen them try quitting before, to no avail. I proposed we all quit. Together. We would avoid the smoke area at all costs, but still hang out on breaks. We decided, together, to quit smoking on that Monday following the weekend of November 1st. 

Here we are. It's November 13th, and my group and I are doing extremely well. We have so far avoided the smoke-pit, and go for walks or to the coffee shop instead, for our breaks. Ivy's last cigarette was Halloween night, and Jemma's last was the morning of November 2nd, before work. 

The cravings were intense the first few days. I would spend the majority of my days thinking of ways to break my new smoke-free covenant. With each other's support, we all made it through our physical addictions and broke free. Now we are all fighting mental addictions. 

I still think of smoking all the time; waking up and enjoying the first cup of coffee, driving into work, after breakfast, after lunch, after dinner, after mid-afternoon snack, after pre-afternoon snack, football game half-times, waiting on people to finish the jumping puzzles in the King's Fall raid, after a good workout at the gym, and all the other moments that cigarettes would fit nicely into the schedule for. 

It's hard. The mental aspect of the addiction is the most challenging part of all this. I've gone from smoking a pack of cigarettes a day, to chewing a pack of gum a day. Instead of smoking a cigarette to pass the time, I go for a run. It's difficult, but I'm breaking old habits, and trying to make way for new ones. I wouldn't be this far, if it wasn't for the support I'm getting from my friends. I'm willing to bet that they feel the exact same way. 

To all the people in this subreddit, who took the time to read this, thanks. I'm here with you guys. It sucks, we all know it, but we are making better of ourselves and investing in our future. A future where we aren't under the control of a bundle of dried leaves, wrapped in paper. Where we can enjoy life, without poisoning our bodies in the process. 

Don't give up! We are all non-smokers now. 

