Day 37 for me and here is how I got here.

Today marks my 37th day of not smoking. When I say of not smoking I am using no other forms of nicotine.
For others thinking of embarking on the QS journey here is how it went for me.
History: I am now 53 started smoking when I was 19 about a pack - pack and ¼ a day. I was at a car show on a Saturday in August with an old muscle car I have and realized I was sicker then just a cold and couldn’t breathe. Left the car and I ran into the local clinic and I was diagnosed with Bronchitis. Now full of medicine I needed a cigarette looked at my pack of American Spirit Blacks and realized I was out so walked to the store and at the counter was a Blu electronic cig. I picked it up and for 4 days it worked pretty good and decided it would be a good trade. I start vaping until about 2-3 weeks in I started to notice funny little muscle pains and twitching at bedtime and it only got worse from there. I ended up at Walgreens looking to stay off analogs trying to decide what to try next. It was the nicotine gum I walked out with (long story short). I finally decided that my method of quitting was just trading one source of nicotine for another and I couldn’t call it a quit until it was a real quit.
On November 11th 14 I tossed all of the E-Cig and gum I had on hand and decided that was it and got an attitude to finally quit.
Days 1-3 were very hard but I did not give in instead every time I had craved I walked, drank water, piddled around until it passed. I found Coffee time, Bed time and after meals were the hardest so I downloaded an app QuitNow and Cessation Nation to pass the time and keep my hands busy. (Worked to an extent)
After day 3 I felt better and over the hump. I felt I had passed the body’s need and now I would just be dealing with the head and habit reflexes. 
One week in I was having less and less craves and pretty easy to distracted myself from them. 
Week 2 I kinda knew I was now officially quit and was very confident that unless I would have to deal with a large kind of stress situation I would make it.
Now on day 37 I am pretty sure I have it whipped to the point I have uninstalled the apps (Save the Cessation Nation I like the counter on it) and just don’t think much about smoking anymore.

Notes
I will say it was much easier then I ever imagined. The first 3 days is hump 1 of 3 and the end of week 1 is hump 2 then the end of week 3 for the final hump.

The ultimate test for me that I had won the battle with smoking was the ability to have several glasses of a nice Australian Shiraz with dinner and not wanting a smoke.

Attitude is key to your success ask yourself with every crave you encounter who is in charge you or the cigarette. If that’s not enough ask yourself who will you disappoint if you fail?

There are new aches, pains and really weird thing that happened to your body after many years of smoking. I hear it sends some to the emergency room and worse. I will say I too have had a few scares myself but keep in mind stopping smoking won’t kill you so power through the head stuff.

Last the apps that have community chats.
I found them both productive and counter and here is why. It is nice to encourage others that are in your same frame of mind and have them encourage you. These chat rooms always seem to have half serious folks who just want to talk sex, race and other general crap. There are also those who seem to fall off the wagon every other day and are just not committed. There are others who have been in those chat rooms for years and know everyone’s details. It’s the Hotel California syndrome for these chat room people who appear to have no job or responsibility they post all day all night about topic other then the apps intent. School yard clicks are pretty common.
Last if you need an app to help get you over the humps its all good for that. Once you are free cut the app lose and get on with life or it will suck you in…

Pardon any typos I have big thumbs and only paying half attention to typing this.
Hope it helps even just one person feel as free as I feel for the first time in my life.

Mike
