28 yo smoked for over 1/2 my young life

That little thing, with demonic powers & unnatural strength to move mountains if anything might come between you two. With a voice so loud it'll leave your ears aching if you do not return it's holler. In an uproar your powerless & succumb to it's relentless abuse time & time again. Your eager to please & to not deny your demon of it's own venom. To kill you slowly it takes it's toll at every cross street, intersection, breakfast through dinner, it will leave you restless & relentless time & time again. 

Years ago I made the decision to accept this viscous monster into my life to take control, not knowing the pain & torment I'd become addicted to, I'd soon be numb & immune to for years after. For I became my own worse enemy. The two together would tango morning, afternoon & night. Neither would argue with the other with the fire rose love, passion an undeniable bond that couldn't be broken. The trust between the two undoubtably the strongest of all relationship types. Rare & impossible to find & cannot be bought or taught it must be.... 
The shortest distance between two points is a straight line. After thinking about planning to stop smoking (a few years off & on) the stress of the thought of quitting made me smoke even more!! I had to evaluate my smoking habits: when do I smoke the most? Morning (this is going to be tuff) in the car (I'm always driving it's part of my job) Drinking Alcohol (oh boy, oh howdy).... As the weeks went on I started to tell myself I needed to set a quit date. "I'll just smoke a pack of cigs while I think about not doing that!" It was such a brutal relationship! Well one day I started off cleaning my house & doing my daily "chores". I kept catching myself saying I need to go get ciggies. Then an hour later, same thing.. Another hour or so goes by same thing... Holy shit it's almost 3pm I haven't smoked since before noon! I wonder how long I can go without getting a pack of ciggies? Like didn't get a pack that day, but that night I'd sweat my ass off as I'd is just finished a triathlon.... Woke up feeling disgusting knowing I'd put my body through that. Challenge day #2 can I go longer today then yesterday? I didn't smoke after noon yesterday I won't today either. Right before that 12 ol' clock chime I had a puff of my roommates cig :-[ yuck!! All day #2 a weird lingering headache with random spells of nausea (yuck, I put myself & my body through this? For what?) #3 cravings, cravings, cravings... There's aromas everywhere I've not noticed before. My complexion seems happier, the nausea & headache's are gone! However craving, craving, craving..... Now I question myself is that an actual craving or just a 'thought' of smoking? Being as it's been my longest term & most trustworthy  relationship with a best friend/companion my entire life. Quitting in a way is heartbreaking but fuck that chemical filled paper twig who has been nothing but a neauscience & an abusive menace in my life for over half my life! I'm done with you asshole I will survive :-) PEACE (-:

