Hey, I'm four months in now. Very happy. Just like to share some more positives I've noticed recently to encourage new quitters to continue :-)

For the first two months, I was tortured by the nicotine demons. It wasn't the cravings that got me, it was the physical withdrawals of nicotine addiction. I suppose I'm lucky in that I never had a horrible cough, but here are some of the other unpleasant side effects; loss of libido, extreme runny nose, indigestion, all manner of bathroom dilemmas about once a week(!), bloating, lethargy, flu like symptoms, various random maladies, headache etc.
Fortunately, that all ceased after about 8 weeks and recently I've noticed some new positives. Immediately after quitting, my sense of smell and taste were heightened. But now, it is incredible. I've almost become obsessed with smells. I really enjoy scented candles, incense, perfumes etc. I even wear perfume to bed. Food smells glorious. I can find things with my nose, solve mysteries, distinguish ingredients used in dishes as I walk past a restaurant! 
It has its downsides, however, I can really notice halitosis. Ugh! So often I'm trapped in awkward social situations trying to hide my disgust. Not enjoyable whatsoever. And I suppose it's worth mentioning that the smell of someone else smoking or, in particular, after someone has smoked, is vile. I'm so embarrassed that that was once me. I must have caused so much disgust in others with my stinky habit over the years and that really makes me crrrrringe. I had to wash every belonging in my house, clothes, bags, shoes, soft furnishings, duvets, pillows, etc etc.
Regardless, I'm so proud of myself. I must have saved a fortune by now. (I stopped drinking alcohol at the same time) I'm deriving pleasure from the little luxuries in life instead. I've showered with some aromatic products, adorned myself with fluffy, cosy pyjamas, socks, and robe. I just lit some Nag Champa and a Yankee Candle and sprayed myself with Chanel. I'm going to prop myself up in my bed which is covered in an array of soft blankets and pillows that smell of clean linen and use some nice skin  products on my face. 
Who needs cigarettes when I can lie in bed with Reddit and ALL THE SMELLLLSSS!!!