New here / 19 days 17 hours 50 minutes / cold turkey / craving today

I'm new to reddit, when I quit I came here and read some posts and was surprised as to how much further it motivated me to keep myself off the cigarettes, I am a 25 year old male, I quit 19 days ago cold turkey, on cigarettes, coffee, alcohol (although I wasn't a major drinker) and opiates.
I was extremely sick for the first 8-9 days: dehydrated, hospital 3 times for fluids, headaches + nausea that were absolute hell (diagnosed with gastroenteritis), feeling miserable and depressed and anxious and unable to sleep well at all. 
after day ten or 11 I was over the worst of it but still really craving cigarettes. Going back to work after being sick for that week was the hardest and still is the hardest environment to be in as I was so used to smoking during my work day. I would smoke a 30gram pouch every 3 days, and in NZ it costs $50 for a 30gram so it was very expensive, although that isn't my main reason for quitting.
I have asthma and had always said to myself  "I will quit before it's too late " and I had always wanted to quit one day but had never wanted to do it just yet!! so on my 25th birthday I just decided to go cold turkey on all my vices at once which was probably stupid throwing myself in the deep end like that, but I think the main (probably the only) thing that is getting me through this period is how proud of myself that I have actually let go of so many harmful substances. 
Things that have helped me get through:
MUSIC,
multi vitamins,
magnesium,
St Johns. Wort,
lots of fresh fruit and vegetables, drinking lot's of water, cut out all processed sugars and fats, joined a gym and have been going almost daily for the last 10 or so days and swimming and using sauna a lot! these things have all helped hugely with managing to bring some kind of motivation and hope and happiness back in to my life! 
I am still feeling down and getting the 'brain fog' and lack of concentration, despite having a lot more energy at times than I ever would have before quitting I've been getting very tired early in the afternoons and evenings and getting up very early in the morning, although the early mornings I have managed to use to my advantage and it is not as bad as it was! but my anxieties are still there too and still stressed and craving cigarettes most days sometimes once or twice and sometimes thinking about them an awful lot! my motivation was really high a week ago but now seems to be dropping today, hopefully a good nights rest and will be on the up again tomorrow.. its an extremely hard journey but has been rewarding too, I could never have exercised like I am now when I was smoking only 20 days ago! I can breathe properly for the first time in I can't even remember how long, and can smell and taste again!

I aim to go a full month without alcohol and then drink moderately when I do reach that point, the main reason for keeping off alcohol this long is to avoid temptation to smoke whilst drinking, and to just prove to myself I can stay off it for a month, the last time I had more than a week off probably would be ten years although I am usually just a weekend drinker. I haven't decided wether I will introduce coffee again or not, the reason I quit coffee was I was on two coffees a day which was $10 a day which all adds up, but more so than the cost, the association with coffee and cigarettes and also to see if it helps my energy levels and just to not have to rely on it to wake up every morning....  
 
anyway...
if anyone else has been cold turkey and only around 3 weeks in would love to hear how your managing with it :) 
I won't take another puff !! 