In need of some insight/perspective on my situation

hi, everyone. i've been trying to quit smoking for the past 4 years and i just can't seem to follow through with it. it's to a point where it's become a very debilitating factor in my life, my self worth, my family, my career.

i'd really appreciate it if someone would take the time to read this and provide some insight into my situation.

i feel like i need nicotine in order to be a functioning human being and it's taking its toll. 80% of my life is spent in withdrawal (i can't smoke at work or at home, so i limit myself to one cigarette in the morning and one after work, then binge during the weekends). basically, my life is limited to me feeling alive in the morning as soon as i have that cigarette, 12 hours of hell, then that spark again as soon as i leave work for a cigarette, when the nicotine melts all of my stress, depression, anxiety away. then the cycle repeats. again and again.

when i have that cigarette and the nicotine hits my brain, i feel like i'm unstoppable. i feel smarter. mental clarity. i feel like that's when i can see life for what it is. i feel like i can see reality. i feel in control of my life and i feel like i can solve any problem. i feel like i can tackle anything and become the person i want to be. someone who has the capability to achieve results and contribute. i feel like my brain chemistry is perfect when i have nicotine.

like i said, i can't smoke at work or at home. my job involves a lot of critical thinking, judgment calls and analysis. something that requires my 100% every day. but without nicotine, i feel like there's something smothering my brain power and my level of engagement with life and general self-worth/happiness. most of my life is spent in mental anguish, basically. where i feel helpless and depressed and i feel like there is a veil between me and the world. like i can't think straight and everything is just going to shit. my personality is different. i become weak and i can't make decisions. suicidal thoughts invade my brain. i feel stupid without it. like there's a perpetual cloud that rots my brain and my mind and i'm left feeling defeated and depressed and confused and lonely and sad. like i'll never be happy again and there is no hope for me. as soon as i have the nicotine though, after hours and hours or sometimes even days/weeks of withdrawal, i feel like i am happy with who i am. i feel like i am enough. and it's because the chemicals are released that makes me feel that way.

i know i should quit. but this is what makes quitting so hard for me. it's because i don't feel like i'm a capable human being without it. i feel ilke my source of strength is nicotine. my source of mental clarity. my brain power. my source of self-worth. but as soon as that nicotine hit passes i'm left feeling worthless and incapable all over again because i feel like i'm missing that mental clarity.

and i know it's become this way because i was smoking for a long time and now my brain's wired in a way that makes me need it. not that i was a very happy go person without smoking. before i started smoking i was depressed a lot of the times, but i was a teenager then. after i started smoking, it was pretty much the same. i was depresesd. but every time i was, i would light up and temporarily, it seemed to go away. it seemed to give me the mental clarity i was craving. but not always. only with the cigarettes i felt like i 'needed.' like the ones i would smoke in the morning or after a few hours passed. i guess it's one of those mental tricks, you know? because of withdrawl you're suffering for so long and it actually makes everything a lot worse but when you light up you feel better, obviously, but only because it fills up that part that was missing.

which is the reason why smoking is so fucking stupid.

i'm scared that my brain won't go back to normal after i quit. like i'll be stuck in limbo for the rest of my life. that's what scares me the most about quitting. i feel like it won't be worth it. but i want to quit so badly. i think about quitting 24 hours a day.

this was a lot of rambling.. if you took the time to read this thank you. i really needed to get this out.

