needed a place to vent

I quit for a solid three weeks in January and then started up again once I started seeing my friends again. I've been wanting to quit for a good two years now and those three weeks were the longest I had ever gone not smoking during the past five years and I was doing so well and then just bam. One night out and all that hard work gone out the window.


Then I decided to just pick myself up and didn't smoke for another five days until I met up with friends again, which resulted in me smoking AGAIN.


These past two and a half months have just been a vicious cycle of smoking then not smoking and it's driving me crazy. I keep having to go through "days 1 to 3" (which in my opinion are the days that suck the most) over and over and over again and my stupid brain just won't learn that if i just don't fucking smoke I wouldn't have to go through this torture day in and day out.


I think I'm just more emotionally drained than anything else. Really disappointed and feeling down about myself. Especially since every fucking time I smoke I keep telling myself it's going to be my last. And I mean it at the time, too, that's the funny thing. Basically I'm either lying to myself or letting myself down constantly and this feeling really sucks. So every time I try to quit smoking, I'm more disappointed in myself than happy about the decision to quit, if that makes any sense.


I feel like I have no self-respect, as I pretty much keep putting myself through this stupid torture.


As I just won't STOP smoking completely, I'm going through withdrawal symptoms constantly. Smoking one day, not smoking for a few. Then repeating this over and over and over. It really fucking sucks.


I'm starting a new job on monday and my goal was to have quit a solid month beforehand and obviously that did not go so well.


I'm so disappointed in myself and really despise myself so much for this addiction.


I've read Allen Carr's Easy Way, and I agree completely with everything he says and I really do hate and want to quit smoking. I think it's just hard for me to apply what I've read in certain situations. Or I just keep making up excuses. I don't know.


I'm going to pick myself up again and try this again. Today is Day 1 for the probably 20th time this past few months.


But by writing all this out (something I haven't done before) I'm hoping I'll have more conviction to actually STICK BY what I am promising myself to do.

Anyways just venting...