Using my job to help me quit smoking

I started Wellbutrin SR about a week and a half ago to quit smoking, because I didn't think I would have enough willpower to quit on my own. My doctor said my side effects may be "increased energy and loose stools". So I started it on a Sunday, worked at my 8-5 office job all week feeling these side effects: no appetite (at all), dizziness, anxiety, always zoning out, difficulty focusing, and a hard time driving because of all of this. Oh and the worst part was extreme forgetfullness--looking in my purse but forgetting what I was looking for, telling a co-worker that I would do something and not remembering it 2 minutes later, probably appearing drunk at work because I was awkwardly bumping in to things...quite embarrassing. On Friday I was returning from my lunch break and I felt a panic attack kicking in, like I could not handle going back in to work. I was embarrassed because of my side effects. So I sat in the parking lot and cried for a while, had a co-worker bring me water and tissues, and tried to calm down (I use klonopin as needed for anxiety, and effexor as my everyday anxiety pill). I sat there for about 3 hours because I was too messed up to drive. I finally called someone to come pick me up, realizing that I just had to go home. Anyway, I don't have any PTO saved up at my job, so I was worried that if I couldn't work while quitting cigarettes, I would suffer financially as well. While having one of the panic attacks in my car I thought of an encounter that I had about 4 years back with my company's COO. He saw me smoking, and said "No, not you too. You know the company might pay for smoking cessation products (if you actually quit)". So I called this important guy at the top of our company and asked him to loan me some PTO so I could quit smoking. It was terrifying, but he related. I'm on day 3 smoke free, and I don't have to go back to work until Friday, then it's the weekend again. I love the company I work for, and that the execs are down to earth people willing to help their employees with quitting smoking. And now, I can't smoke for fear of disappointing our COO, especially since he gave me 4 days off from work. 

**TL;DR I think telling someone you respect that you are quitting could help you quit in fear of disappointing them.**