The Dangers of Smoking: Detailing the Negative Effects of Tobacco Use (Day 3)

Hey quitters! This is a short essay that I wrote after I was caught smoking on a tobacco free campus. 

  Tobacco has been a driving force of societal ills since it was first introduced to those with powers of global distribution, nearly 400 years ago. In those days, tobacco was  quite a different drug. It contained hallucinogenic compounds and was customarily smoked in religiopolitical ceremony by Native Americans. It was in ceremonies like these that European colonists discovered how pleasing smoking a peace-pipe can be-- they immediately saw the potential of the substance on a world market.     

   Before long, colonists had bred out the incapacitating properties of early strains and maximized the nicotine content. Bonanza-style tobacco farms sprang up all throughout the American Piedmont, especially in the Virginias and Kentucky, forcibly “employing” new “immigrants” from West Africa and the descendants of those indigenous people that first cultivated tobacco. The fiscal enormity of tobacco perhaps even contributed to slavery’s chokehold on the antebellum American economy. Today, children of illegal immigrants are widely exploited by the industry. Children as young as 12 spend up to 10 hours a day in deplorable conditions, where juice from tobacco leaves is absorbed by the skin and into the bloodstream. This often leads to nicotine poisoning; symptoms include lightheadedness, intense nausea and vomiting, dizziness, and chills.


  The world latched on-- tobacco has a distinctly nutty, rich taste; it’s easily transportable; it can be consumed in a wide variety of ways that all have distinct merits; and it naturally improves whatever social environment it’s added to. By the time the surgeon general’s report came out in the mid-20th, nearly the entire adult population of the developed world was addicted to the stuff.

  The reason cigarettes are so addictive is clear with a little bit of knowledge about habit formation. Habits consist of three basic criteria: cue, routine, reward. For example, tooth brushing: (cue) I run my tongue over my teeth and detect tartar and plaque build-up, (routine) I squeeze out some toothpaste and brush, (reward) and I receive smooth feeling teeth and a minty fresh taste with a slight burn. This is exactly the format that cigarette addiction follows, except at a much more alarming rate of addiction. Instead of a single, distinct cue, my cue could be anything- finishing a meal, sipping a coffee, going outside, having a drink, getting out of class, stress build-up-- the list goes on. Furthermore, my routine is exceedingly pleasant- I typically have several minutes of undistracted introspection or fruitful social interaction (depending on whether I have company), I satisfy an oral fixation, and I exhale elegant streams of warm smoke. For the daily smoker, the routine becomes the reward. The beginner latches on when he is rewarded with a delicious full-body buzz accompanied by a burst of energy and cognitive ability. He can pick up his very own pack at any corner store for a relatively low price. 


   Cigarettes highly increase the user’s risk for lung disease and cancer. They lead to physical and mental disabilities in infants mothered by smokers. An addict is plagued by butter-filled lungs with reduced oxygen capacity. His breath and clothes are coated with a bitter miasma. And at a health-oriented place like the Ohio State University, it’s social taboo. Smokers are widely perceived as unmotivated, reckless, dirty, and pretentious. To clarify, this only applies to weekday smokers. Many a Buckeye will light up a tube after a few beers on a Saturday evening, but very few will be crushing a butt outside of Mendenhall Laboratory at 11am on a Wednesday. 

   Now, this attitude- assigning character traits to weekday smokers while smoking on the weekends yourself - is surely hypocritical, but it’s probably a healthier one than widespread acceptance. Judgement isn’t cool, but cancer treatment is a bill that’s too expensive for nearly every human alive, meaning society will foot the bill. Putting myself at such grave risk is selfish and near-sighted. At this point in my life, I am prone to rationalizing. I eat healthier than most people I know. I exercise five days a week. My habit is not so bad, I only smoke 3-5 tubes a day. I would miss the social benefits of smoking- the late night conversations, the work breaks, the laughs. It’s one of the only rituals that I’ve had since I’ve forsaken religion. I feel connected to other smokers. I could keep going on- but the bottom line is that I’m going to have to quit sooner or later, and it should most definitely be sooner. Rationalizing is healthy for my ego, but destructive to my body. I have to allow my shame to take hold.