Dentist. Almost lost my first real job due to my addiction. It's over.

First of all, I want to extend my greetings to you all and let you know how absolutely fucking proud I am of all of you that have quit, are thinking of quitting, or are helping others to quit. I know it's hard and I see your struggles and send you light and love every step of the way.

I'm 25. I just graduated from dental school this year and had a great gig lined up before I took my last step out of school. I was excited about it, until I found another great job in another state but couldn't take it because my mom needed me here at home. All of a sudden the job I was excited about turned into a prison sentence and I was miserable having to stay in my home state for another 5 years. 

I started smoking at the age of 19. It has been 6 years. I can't believe it's been that long. I told myself that when dental school was over, my smoking days would be over. All through dental school I managed to smoke a pack a day. I don't know how I made the time for it, but I did. In between patients. After exams. Before exams. First thing in the morning. Last thing I did before I slept. It had me chained, I was a slave.

Needless to say, graduating school was not the end of my smoking days. Not even close. I found new stressors to use as an excuse: oh, can't afford a vacation, stuck at home, my parents are controlling me still... anything I could think of to make my next cigarette feel justified.

I can't say that I ever made a real effort to quit. I was too terrified of trying and failing that I just never tried. I didn't want to be in the cycle of trying and failing. Of going one day without a cigarette only to make up for it the next day. That was stupid. I don't know if it was fear or simply a lack of courage, a lack of motivation, a lack of grit...

I started my job last week. It's a pretty upscale place where we are required to look good, to always smile, and where we work really hard. Being my first week, I didn't really have very much to do. I found myself sitting in the office for 20-40 minutes at a time. I read articles, read my novel, played on my phone... but I couldn't resist the urge to step outside for a smoke. And so I did. And one smoke turned into at least 4 smoke breaks a work day. I didn't think anybody would notice since I wasn't doing anything anyway. 

They noticed. On my last workday of the week, I was called in to the office. "Some of the staff says you smelled like marijuana walking in today." I was dumbfounded. I knew my cigarettes were gross, but I had no idea they smelled like dank to people. I had no choice but to admit that I was a smoker, and to deny the weed allegations. I was asked to go home early that day and that I'd get a call later on.

I received the phone call and was basically fired. I had to fight tooth and nail for a second chance. The issue to them was not that I was a smoker, but that I wasn't available when they needed me. Although this is not true, as even when I would return from my breaks I would sit for another 10-15 minutes with nothing to do, I still felt like scum. I was so embarrassed. I couldn't believe I allowed my addiction to paint me in such a negative light to my first employers...

I am done. I'm not replacing my smoking with anything. I am on a one week suspension and I am going to be using this week to go through my withdrawals and to start next week fresh.

There is no point doing something that is horrible for you, horrible for your life, brings you headaches and that at the end of the day will kill you. I finally realize that. I want a normal life where I don't need to step outside to smoke a cigarette because I am bored or stressed or happy or sad. I need to cope with my feelings without suffocating them.

I suspect this will be the hardest thing I have ever had to do as I simply have no discipline in life. But I know it will be easy with y'alls support and with this incident to remind me of every reason I am no longer a smoker. 

I can now talk to my patients about smoking without being a hypocrite. Without worrying if I smell like smoke. I can talk to my co-workers without worrying if they smell the smoke on my breath or whether they think my teeth are yellow. 

This is going to be good. 