Nicotine will not control me

So i've been smoke-free for 10 days.. and this is probably the best decision of my life (so far)

I've decided to quit after one intensely drunken and cigarette-filled life. I smelled like shit and i felt like shit as well. Plus, i've ended a relationship 10 months prior and was on the "wild enjoy phase" part of the post break up process.

I've tried to quit a lot of times in past to no avail - until now. Quitting takes a VERY CONCIOUS DECISION - remove the emotional attachment cigarette has and to treat it objectively as a money bagging cancer stick. Because of this mentality, i didnt really felt the nicotine withdrawals as intensely as i used to. I believe everything is really just psychological fixation.

So 3-4 days after my quit, guess what? I bumped into my ex!!!! After 9-10 months of no contact, bad breakup (with me angry and him crying) we just stood there. I was shookt to the core. The relationship was so tortured to the point of manipulation and cheating (on his part). Worse is, he was with an another woman!! I got super emotional after that, and i really really wanted my best friend, Marlboro to console me. I used to smoke A LOT after the break up, plus all those parties and everyday casual smoking. However, as i was walking home, in tears after seeing him, i told myself "Nicotine and cigarettes will not control me. It will not control my or pacify my emotions. I would rather feel everything authentically and deal with my emotions as is. I will not throw away my progress in ending this disgusting habit for some guy. No."

And i didnt smoke at all!!!!! I even went drinking with my SMOKER FRIENDS and guess what? I was drinking and socializing like normal WITHOUT THE CIGARETTES!!!! Never in my wildest dreams i thought this was possible!!!!!

Quitting smoking was the best decision in my life. I'm glad to have finally closed the "smoker chapter" in my life. 7 years of being a smoker finally! I look in the mirror and see teeth and i can't but smile all day. :)

This sub really helped me a lot and reading your stories inspired me. To anyone trying to quit smoking, YOU CAN DO IT!!! JUST BELIEVE. :D