Some thoughts in favor of NRT by an Allen Carr fan

I'm ready to be downvoted, but I would like to send a message to those who have tried using the Easyway and failed a few times. I'd like to share how I've quit smoking so people who were in my position might have another option. 

I am a fan of Allen Carr but disagree with him regarding NRT. I've read The Easy Way to Stop Smoking at least ten times now and am very familiar with his views, and I think that it's great that so many people can overcome the nicotine trap just by recognizing it for what it is. 

However, I've managed to quit for a longer (and happier) period of time using NRT. My favorite form is patches because, unlike gum or spray, they don't simulate the "ahh" experience of the withdrawal/relief-from-withdrawal cycle, and they're easy to downgrade over time. 

I think of the big monster as the psychological idea "I need cigarettes", and unless you kill the big monster you will still be using the willpower method even while using NRT (I've tried!) 

If you manage to kill the big monster, then there's only the little monster to deal with. Now you can either fight it with positive thinking (which you'll need in either case) alone, or you can keep it asleep with NRT until it slowly dies. For me, this is much less painless. It might not be for everyone but if you've tried Carr's Easyway a few times and failed, you might consider this.

I'd like to consider a couple of Carr's objections against this idea. First, he says it's like telling a heroin user to stop smoking it and try injecting it instead. Firstly, it's significant that countries which use morphine therapy to get users off of heroin experience high success rates. Although it is suspicious that pharma companies profit from selling a drug (nicotine-- although it's fairly easy to get patches for free from my state's government), sometimes replacing a drug with a less harmful version of it IS helpful. We shouldn't ignore NRT studies that suggest similar conclusions. 

He also says that using NRT keeps the big monster alive. I suppose that I might have a certain psychological dependency on patches, although it feels very different from my "need" for tobacco. I use patches less and less, whereas I used tobacco more and more.

Most importantly though, and this is only for those who have tried Easyway numerous times and failed, it's much healthier to be addicted to patches than to smoking! Nicotine isn't what kills smokers-- it's the carcinogens in tobacco smoke (or chew). It's healthier to not use nicotine at all, sure, but I had a doctor who told me that one could use patches their whole life and still be hundreds of times healthier than a smoker. 

I still think Easyway is a great method and recommend following it directly. As someone who has tried it many times and failed, I'm still happy to be a nonsmoker even while using NRT. The beautiful truth is of course than we don't need nicotine any more than we need to smoke, but using NRT as a way of easing the process of killing the little monster doesn't mean you're a weaker person or that the big monster is still alive in you-- at least this has been my experience. What do y'all think? 

EDIT: Thanks for all the open-minded and positive feedback-- this is a really nice and supportive sub! 