How to Survive Intoxicated States

Drinking is definitely my number one weakness. After reading The Easy Way, I've lost my daily cravings and quitting was enjoyable right from the start, as opposed to the misery I experienced all the other times I attempted quitting. 

But when I drink, I get the strongest urge to smoke. It just feels like it would be right. 

Last night I was at a buddy's place and I had a few beers. I was surprised at the urge I got to smoke. I won't call it a craving cause it's not a nicotine craving. It's just the feeling that a cigarette would feel right. 

I started to get guilty cause I've gone so long without feeling like I needed one. I actually started to consider having a smoke, but I was still battling it out in my mind. 

Can I really go out and buy a pack? No way, I would ruin the 44 days off. But it might feel really good....But tomorrow I'd feel like absolute shit and mad guilty. 

This went on for about 10 minutes, before I decided that there was no way I was gonna have one. 

I'd forgotten that these urges are triggered by past conditioning. The feeling of being drunk triggers the need for a cigarette because of all the drunken times I've smoked in the past. Your mind associates the drunken feeling, with the good feeling that comes from relieving nicotine when you smoke. 

I also believe that since smoking makes you feel lethargic, and being drunk makes you energetic, that the "lowering" of your mood is part of the appeal, or what you think would be appealing before you actually have one. 

And lastly, your inhibitions are lowered, and you're more likely to go "fuck it" and just have one. 

But I can remember how awful my throat felt after chain smoking on these nights. I can remember how most of the cigarettes didn't feel good, and actually ruined the good buzz I had going. I can remember how they made me feel like sitting down, as opposed to the energy alcohol normally gives you. I remember the heart racing and anxiety that comes with it. I remember how no cigarette ever made me feel satisfied. 

There's no end to a cigarette. It's not like food, where you eat a meal and you're good. You have a cigarette, and you still feel incomplete. Either you want more, or you wish you never had one. 

When you're buzzing, you can choose the overwhelming benefits that come with not-smoking. You don't have to resist or give up anything, if you realize what your options are. 

First, it's completely okay to want a cigarette when you're drunk. I plan on leaving this feeling behind eventually, but it's still normal at this stage. 

Second, you gotta realize that there are pros and cons, and the pros of not-smoking greatly outweigh the cons, and not just in terms of health, but in terms of feeling good (which is the only reason people smoke, to momentarily feel good). And the cons are there regardless of whether you smoke or not (craving/urges), but do go away in time, meaning you can be left with only pros. 

By not-smoking, you're keeping your buzz going. You're not tainting that shit with a cigarette. You're choosing to feel better by not-smoking. The urge to smoke doesn't mean that a smoke will actually feel good once you have it! After 3 days, nicotine is out of your system and the feeling is purely mental. 

If you feel your energy needs to be relieved, you can do a bunch of pushups, or exercise in some other way. That's both a healthier and better-feeling option. Plus, you're keeping your smoke-free days going. Every day is another day healthier and another day feeling better. 

You don't have to think "fuck it" and have one, if you know that not having one is what makes you feel better. Remember how cigarettes don't actually satisfy you, and how you'll probably end up chain-smoking, feeling like shit, and regretting the entire decision altogether. 

Once you realize that not-smoking provides the outcome that you want, you won't feel like you're giving up anything when drunk. You won't feel like there's anything to give into. You won't feel like lower inhibitions means a greater change of smoking, just like being drunk doesn't make you do anything else you hate doing sober. 

This is as much an answer as it is a question, so if you have any tips that help you get through a night of drinking, or tips on how to enjoy drinking without worrying about smoking at all, leave em below. 