almost 7 months without nicotine, I'm so fucking thankful everyday

Managed to go cold turkey after YEARS of torturing myself with trying to quit, throwing Cigarette-Packets 4 times a day, just to buy a completely new one and throw it again after smoking 1 or two. 

Countless tears, sleepless nights, depression, anxiety, dizziness on the first 12 hours after the last one, psychosomathic vertigo that lasted months after quitting the first time 2 years ago. 

Guilt and shame after the hundreds relapses. Nights spent in, avoiding socializing because of guilt / shame or because afraid of not being myself if having quit.

Fear and despair after relapsing after having tried this or that method of quitting. Read the Allen Carr book 5 or 6 times hoping it was going to work for good.

I smoked 25-30 a day for 15 years.

&amp;#x200B;

If I managed to do it, you can be FUCKING COCKSURE ANYONE CAN.

&amp;#x200B;

The one thing that in the end trully worked for me (other than trying almost every day to quit for 3 years, thus somehow training myself), was using a few nicotine chewing-gums for the first two days, any time I'd get a serious craving. Then I don't know how the hell I managed but it worked. Was nervous for the first weeks, gf left me, relatives died, boss wanted to kill me, but I didnt' fucking cave in.

Few months in, I still desired cigarettes subconiscuolly and was fooling myself thinking things like "can't wait X months go through so I can smoke without danger".

Can't name all the benefits, for me mostly are:

\- no more anxiety / depression, they are gone after having almost destroyed my life in my 20s

\- superhuman sex drive / sexual prowess / rockhard hardon

\- much much much more athletic, finally started to run and to play football / soccer decently. Lifting also got much much better 

\- No hangovers after drinking alcohol on the weekends

\- Much more time in the day, and much more energy

\- Relate to people much better

\- Everything else is simply better. Music sounds better, food tastes better, socializing is cooler, finally start to understand and to like mainstream-culture

\- I'm literally surrounded by women

\- Skin and hair look 500% better, also gained some weight that made my face more angular / muscular

\- Much more important for me, I finally learned some fucking discipline

&amp;#x200B;

If somebody had told me I would have made it just two years ago, I would have hugged and clinged to him and cried for 2 hours straight from happiness.

&amp;#x200B;

In the end, it's all about accepting that you are responsible for quitting