The Simple Mechanics Behind Why You Smoke and How To Naturally Quit Smoking Today!

I’ve watched my father poison himself with cancer-sticks for practically his entire life, and had been doing so for over a decade before I was even born.

Just like most long term smokers, he had tried to quit smoking countless times without success.

Going cold turkey, nicotine patches, chewing gum, and even anti-smoking medication to suppress cravings. Nothing worked for more than a couple of months, of course.

It always fascinated me how someone can be so addicted to something they clearly know is bad for their health and wellbeing.

It turns out that every bad and destructive habit has some element of good to it, otherwise the brain wouldn’t implement it. As powerful as the subconscious mind is, it has one fatal flaw – it cannot make evaluations such as long term cause and effect (this is the job of the conscious mind).

Unfortunately, all habits are operated by the subconscious mind and run on autopilot to respond to instantaneous stimuli of environmental triggers, as well as triggers internal to your physical being.

As long as a habit works to avoid pain and/or gain pleasure, it’s good to go – and this is where the dangers lie.

When you ask chronic smokers what it is they get out of smoking, they typically respond with phrases such as: “it reduces my stress, it helps me relax, it makes me more calm” which fits well with the ‘avoid pain, gain pleasure’ formula of habit formation. Nicotine also helps to strengthen the habit by releasing “feel good” neurotransmitters in the brain.

When observing the breathing pattern of a smoker whilst smoking, their lungs are forced to take larger and deeper inhalations, hold their breath slightly longer than usual, and then exhale slowly.

There’s a great similarity to the rhythmic breathing of smoking, and that of meditation practices. More specifically, it mimics the relaxation response.

FULL ARTICLE: http://advancedhabits.com/the-simple-mechanics-behind-why-you-smoke-and-how-to-naturally-quit-smoking-today/