I thought it wasn't possible

"If you're going through hell, keep going"
-Winston Churchill

I've been a tobacco user since I was 16 years old.  It was 11 years ago when I friend convinced me to try a cigarette.  I'm sure like many of you, I never thought I would become addicted.  I was completely against it.  I even read a speech I wrote to the entire school for DARE when I was 13, attacking cigarettes. 

But I became the worst addict I knew.  I smoked a lot, sometimes four in a row.  I lied to other smokers about how much I smoked because I was ashamed of myself.  It was killing me and killing my energy, my ambition.  It was taking my life away from me.  I quit many times.  For one day, for 6 months.  But I always came back.  I read Alan Carr's Easy Way 15 times.  I desperately wanted to stop.  

So what happened quitting this time for me?
I was taking a walk with my girlfriend and I had smoked my last cigarette of my pack.  10 minutes later I wanted another one but I didn't have money with me.  I begged my girlfriend to buy me another pack and I saw myself in that moment.  I saw someone so low, so desperate, so dependent.  And for what?  For the privilege to destroy myself? Maybe that was a rock bottom moment.  Well she bought me a pack but that was the last pack I smoked.

I took it pang by pang instead of looking towards dates in the future.  Instead of saying if I can only make it 3 weeks or 2 months then I'll be free, I told myself I'm free now and I can make it through each one of these pangs.  Once you make it through a pang, you realize how easy it is then the next one comes and you do the same and eventually you don't just realize that it's easy, it just is easy.  Posting on here and writing in a journal were helpful tools.  Having my girlfriend be super excited when I would tell her it's been 2 days no smoking! or it's been 1 week no smoking! or 1 month no smoking! that was helpful.  Going out less to clubs and bars whilst in the beginning phases of kicking the habit helped a lot.    After you build your strength in fighting the pangs then going out with smoker friends who offer you cigarettes just builds up more confidence when you say no.

The last thing I want to say is YOU can do it.  There is nothing different about YOU that makes smoking harder for you to quit.  That's what I thought too but its not true its your addiction talking not you.  You're strong as fuck.  Tell yourself that, then show yourself.