A week in; an odd coincidence with a previous quit, and using my own words to help with the cravings.

This is not my first quit. I quit once before for a year and half, and I've got a few posts/comments very recently of some very short failed attempts. I got sick of resetting my badge, so I stayed away from this place until I got a week under my belt. Here I am!

As an odd coincidence, my "On This Day" on Facebook showed a post I made 3 years ago proclaiming being smoke free for a week. I had no idea that when I quit for 1.5 years the last time, it was literally on the exact same date 3 years ago. Life is strange, but I'm using that as added fuel to beat that record.

Anyway, I had to dig for this quote, as it was on an old username that I no longer use, but I remember it helping a fellow redditor when I was a few months into my quit. It regards cravings, and it helps me to remember my own words 7 days in. Perhaps they will help you as well. 

"Shrugging off a craving is like swatting away a fly. It's effortless and trivial when you only need to do it once a day. Day three is like being swarmed by flies, which could drive even the most level-headed person absolutely crazy.

But flies don't live long. The swarm dissipates more and more every day until there's that one last fly that lands on you once in a rare while. Swatting him away is effortless, and almost fun."

EDIT: Also, for those wondering my method, I used Allen Carr and quit cold turkey the first time I stayed smoke free for a year and a half. Tested myself with a smoke, and as expected, fell back into the trap very quickly. This time around, I read [Freedom From Nicotine](http://whyquit.com/ffn/index.html) in it's entirety, and decided to stop cold turkey again half way through. I kept reading for the first two days of my quit until I finished it. If you're still struggling after reading Easy Way, I STRONGLY recommend FFN. The knowledge you gain from that book is incredibly helpful. I'd even argue it's more effective than Easy Way. 