10 year smoker. stopped coldturkey.

Hello everyone!

So today is my 6th day since i stopped smoking. I have been smoking for 10 years (from age 17, im 27 now). I was a heavy smoker aswell, 2 packs, sometimes more per day.

For the last 5 years i wanted to quit. Biggest reason was because i realized how unhealthy smoking is. My first tries to quit were semi-successful because i would easily manage to quit for a week or two, and then i would start smoking again... you know going out with friends "oh a cigarette wont hurt" and before you know it you're back in it again.

That's when i thought its not that hard to quit smoking. But in the last 2 years, i have tried and failed many times. I couldn't even survive one freaking day without cigarettes. At some moments i even thought its impossible for me to stop, i felt guilty, i was ashamed of my lack of self control. Honestly in my lifetime, i have probably tried to quit 20+ times.

Anyways, my reasons for stopping this time (other then the usual logical health benefits) was because i signed up for a half marathon which is in a month, and i felt like a moron shooting myself in the foot smoking while training. 

I managed to survive day 1 and day 2 without much hassle. Day 3 my will was broken. I had 2 triggers which urged me to smoke. 1st trigger was that something bad happened, 2nd trigger was that i was out and drinking with my friends, they all smoke.

So at one moment i grab a cigarette from a pack, and my friend just grabs it from my hand and says "You're not going to smoke!" So i didn't.

Hour later, i do the same thing again, this time another friend says "Go ahead, smoke. Just realize that we will be very disappointed in you". So again i didn't. Survived that night.

Next day (4th day of not smoking) i'm traveling by car to a nearby city of my new gf, where i will spend the day. I'm still rattled, my urge to smoke is really high, i want to light it up in the car like i always used to do. Im thinking "no way im surviving this day without smoking". When i get in that mood  its hard to stop me.

But anyways, i made a pact with that girl, i told her before hand that she is my support line. But i didn't think she would take that too seriously. So im driving and thinking "Sure, ill smoke today, but im not going to stop at a gas station and light it up, ill wait until i see her, and tell her i want to smoke".

So when we meet up, i'm whining half of the time "i want to smoke" and she's always stopping me persuading me not to. I don't know how she had the patience, i know i was annoying. So against all odds, i managed to survive that day!

So those 2 days made me realize something. It made me realize i have awesome friends that care about me, friends that i can count on. Somehow, i wasn't aware of that before, i guess we take some things in life for granted.  
It also made me realize my new girlfriend is kind, awesome and supportive. I don't want to lose her.

So basically, after these positive experiences, and realization im surrounded by good and supportive friends, i have new found energy and motivation to quit for good. Day 5 was easy, day 6 now and still doing good. Im thinking this might be the time i really kick this habit.

The only problem i have currently is lack of quality sleep. Im usually the type of person that falls asleep the minute my head hits the pillow. Since i stopped smoking, that's not the case. It takes me one hour to fall asleep, i wake up 5 times during the night, im experiencing shortness of breath.... Will these physical symptoms soon pass?

So i know this is a long post. I just wanted to share. It might help somebody in moment of crysis. Realize, we are not alone!


