I can quit cigarettes in my home environment, but when I go back into the city, it's another story...

So, before I can into the bad stuff, I am actually quite proud to say this has been my most successful phase of quitting nicotine so far in my life. In the past I've tried everything from patches, vaping, cutting down etc. etc. and it's never stuck for long. This time round I've been using no crutch at all, just deep breathing and meditation, it's been very useful. I have been on and off smoking for about two months now. Whereas I'd be buying a pack a day, I've been buying say two packs a week, going prolonged periods of time without smoking without any problem. In the past the thought of not having a cigarette has been so horrible. Now it is very bearable. 

That being said, the easiness is mostly when I am visiting my parents in the countryside. With no stressful job, nights out etc. I find resisting the temptation to buy cigarettes very easy. On top of that my parents are proud of me for quitting or even just trying to quit, so that makes it easier too. We enjoy a drink as a family and even after a few beers, a bit of deep breathing sorts any cravings right out. 

However .... tomorrow I return to the city to continue my 'real life'. Research masters, fast-pased part-time job, and a bunch of friends who have no plans of quitting smoking. From past experience, I can build up some serious determination and will-power when I'm away from this environment, and when I return maybe the first few days are fine. But eventually something happens - I'm offered a cigarette, I ask for a cigarette, there's a night out and it's just too hard to resist. Usually I end up quitting AGAIN because my health suffers, yet after a few days of not smoking it goes back to normal, and then it doesnt seem so bad to smoke again. 

Basically I'm looking for a bit of advice to remain a consistent non-smoker. I am proud of myself for addressing the addiction and it really is getting better, but it's frustrating that my rationality and will-power just flies out the window for no reason. 

Any tips would be hugely appreciated, thanks! 

