Really determined this time.

Hey guys,

So about three weeks ago I began a pretty strong attempt to quit smoking. I was fed up of it and wanted to end my slavery to nicotine. In the past I've only ever tried quitting with vaping, patches, etc. so it was quite exciting to be going cold turkey. 

I lasted five days, and those five days were super easy!! But I was spending time in my home-town with my family, and as soon as I returned to my city with my friends, i took a few cigarettes off of my friends. This felt like a shame so I went to the library and borrowed Allen Carr's 'Easy Way to Stop Smoking'. This was interesting, as I felt like the last attempt which was easy was falling this books philosophy, even though I hadn't read it yet. 

Reading it, I go a further five days without cigarettes , after two days of smoking. Again, it was really easy and saying no to my friends cigarettes was no problem. I was making it through long shifts at work without cigarettes. I mostly put this down to meditation, deep breathing and healthy eating.

But, low and behold, comes the alcohol. On day 6 my friend is round mine making music with me, and before I know it we're talking about how amazing 'social smoking' is. Bullshit! That night we smoked ten to twenty cigarettes each - That is NOT social smoking!

And obviously in the morning, it's all I can think about. I buy a 30g pouch of tobacco, and I've been a smoker again for the last week. 

I know this is common knowledge, but that ONE cigarette really does turn into hundreds of cigarettes. This time round, I have found myself coughing more than ever, I threw up from coughing last night. I feel fluish (although it is winter) and in general I just feel gross. I decided I simply have GOT to get back on the quitting train, but it was really hard to do when I had a quarter pouch still lying in front of me. After trying to smoke it and get rid of it as fast as I could, I realized FUCK THAT and poured it the bin along with my rizlas and filters.

I feel free, once again, and determined this time. I really want to beat this thing. I'll be stopping by here pretty regularly methinks. 

Cheers for the vent seshj