Tomorrow would mark a 3 month milestone since my last cigarette

Hey amazing people of r/stopsmoking,

&amp;#x200B;

I'd love to firstly thank and show my gratitude for this community, as I've always found myself lurking back to this sub looking at your stories and reminding myself to keep me moving forward.  


I'm a 26 male and I've smoked the good out of the last 7 years until I've reached the point of chain smoking 2 to 3 packs of very heavy tar filled choice of cigarettes.

I think I reached the point where my daily activities would revolve around my smoking habit,

After meals I'd light up,

I want to celebrate! let's light up,

All my phone calls and driving are a chain smoking activity,

I'm evading conversations with people and family occasions I care about just because I don't want to be in a situation where I can't light up a cigarette when I want to,

I'm spend most of my time in the balcony smoking rather than having quality time with my family.

Unfortunately I'm from a country where smoking is actually on the incline among the population, not to mention I've been enlisted in a 12 month compulsory military service and let me tell you something about military that most of you probably know, everyone smokes!

&amp;#x200B;

I've tried multiple times to quit but it never lasted, I'd always eventually find myself in a situation where my will power would fail me and my smoking craze would levitate. I was so hooked, that it would seem impossible for me to quit and I started convincing myself that it's impossible to enjoy life without smoking, and that was my biggest obstacle in quitting. It's the mental attachment to the act of smoking that accumulated over the years, I never thought that I would ever enjoy a cup of coffee without a cigarette, It was mentally not conceivable for me. How will I ever relief the stress of my work day?

&amp;#x200B;

How will I ever feel better?

&amp;#x200B;

Until I finally one day, I've decided to give it another try, I didn't really think it was going to work, I had my convinced so badly that I LOVE smoking and that life wouldn't be the same without it. But I went through it for the sake of the trial anyways. I updated my smoking app, and reset all the counters and for some reason the app lead me to this sub-reddit and then you guys lead me to Alan Carr's book, for some reason I decided to read it in one sitting and since that day I haven't had a single puff. 

As much as I disagree with some of the claims of the book, but it did actually strip down the smoking habit for me in a way I can fully comprehend it and mentally fight back the illusions that I've been absorbing and shaping in my head all these years.

&amp;#x200B;

I can't believe that I'm actually a non smoker now!

  
And yes, I've gained some weight, but It's nothing compared to the relief of not being tied to this controlling habit.  
My overall stamina has improved significantly, food tastes better, my breath and body is no longer like burnt ashes, and I feel a lot more confident after slaying this dragon. I don't notice people lighting up or smoking around me anymore, it doesn't make me feel anything at all. 

&amp;#x200B;

I feel different, I feel Happy now, I feel like I can enjoy this moment without having to light up.   


It wasn't easy nor hard, I've had a lot of mental cravings over the weeks, but the difference now is I understand them and understand how to fight them back.   


I just tell myself "It's a big lie, it's an illusion, you don't want to be just like everyone else in the matrix"  


Keep going it's not that hard and you will never ever regret it.