Long post, really need help quitting. Keep failing with every recent quit attempt.

I've been smoking for...eleven years now. I've hovered around half a pack a day for most of that time, though it's down to about a quarter of a pack now. And I hate it. I hate the cost, the smell, the taste, the headaches I get, the fact that I'm addicted to something.

I quit drinking almost eight years ago. I would say that I'm sober, except I still smoke weed now and then. Drinking got me into a lot of trouble. Lost a lot of money, totaled two cars, nearly died. My smoking increased after I quit, by a fair amount.

For me, the primary motivators are a need for space away from people, a break in my day when I'm a writer (my main job) or when I'm doing my side work, and when I'm at social events because I often feel awkward since I'm not drinking. And boredom. Boredom is a big one.

My primary motivators to quit are the fact that I hate being addicted to something, again, and that I hate the way it makes me feel. My fiancee is also not a fan, though she is 100% supportive and never pressures me to change up. But, most of all, I'm afraid of dying a slow death, of dying before my time, of becoming a kind of sick that means that people have to take care of me. I also want to be smoke-free by the time we get married, which is about 18 months away. And I've made a promise that I'll be smoke-free by the time we start doing the whole pregnancy/kids thing. Also, I'm in *terrible* shape and it's starting to really bother me, getting winded walking up hills, getting winded during sex.

I have had a few stretches of non-smoking time. I went for six months when I was on Chantix but had to stop because of my suicidal ideations getting worse (I already take lithium, escitalopram, and welbutrin for depression and anxiety). I went for eight months when I was using an e-cig situation but I got annoyed with the cartridges and liquids and eventually went back to cigarettes. The most recent time was after I read Allen Carr's book, and that went for about nine months, which was about two years ago.

Since then, I've tried quitting a number of times. I've set dates, I bought peppermints, peppermint sticks, Twizzlers. I've tried the patch and the gum. Nothing seems to take. I've been trying to quit cold turkey because I don't really know how else to go about it but nothing is working. I keep falling back on smoking. Sometimes it's in response to other events. Like I lost out on a big writing opportunity a couple months back and I picked up again. I had a mental breakdown six months or so ago, picked up again. Just this week, I found out some really painful information about my family history, relating to abuses I experienced as a child. And it's not like smoking does anything to help, but it feels like a way of just stepping out of my life for five, ten minutes.

I'm sorry for this long, rambling post, but I really, really want to stop and I am just having a hard time and I don't know what to do.