Really struggling with each new attempt

I've been smoking for...eleven years now. I've hovered around half a pack a day for most of that time, though it's down to about a quarter of a pack now. And I hate it. I hate the cost, the smell, the taste, the headaches I get, the fact that I'm addicted to something.

I quit drinking almost eight years ago. I would say that I'm sober, except I still smoke weed now and then. Drinking got me into a lot of trouble. Lost a lot of money, totaled two cars, nearly died. My smoking increased after I quit, by a fair amount.

I have had a few stretches of non-smoking time. I went for six months when I was on Chantix but had to stop because of my suicidal ideations getting worse (I already take lithium, escitalopram, and welbutrin for depression and anxiety). I went for eight months when I was using an e-cig situation but I got annoyed with the cartridges and liquids and eventually went back to cigarettes. The most recent time was after I read Allen Carr's book, and that went for about nine months, which was about two years ago.

Since then, I've tried quitting a number of times. I've set dates, I bought peppermints, peppermint sticks, Twizzlers. I've tried the patch and the gum. Nothing seems to take. I've been trying to quit cold turkey because I don't really know how else to go about it but nothing is working. I keep falling back on smoking.

For me, the primary motivators are a need for space away from people, a break in my day when I'm a writer (my main job) or when I'm doing my side work, and when I'm at social events because I often feel awkward since I'm not drinking.

My primary motivators to quit are the fact that I hate being addicted to something, *again,* and that I hate the way it makes me feel. My fiancee is also not a fan, though she is 100% supportive and never pressures me to change up. But, most of all, I'm afraid of dying a slow death, of dying before my time, of becoming a kind of sick that means that people have to take care of me. I also want to be smoke-free by the time we get married, which is about 18 months away. And I've made a promise that I'll be smoke-free by the time we start doing the whole pregnancy/kids thing.

