ADHD Medications and quitting, is it possible? I wanna save 400 dollars a month and maybe save my life :(

(Disclaimer): I might have written a book here, deleted 90% now it's an essay lol, kept a TLDR at the bottom

-



Anyone managed to stop smoking while still on ADHD meds? seems impossible without using some kind of other drugs that kill the crave switch

I used to smoke a lot while the meds are on and slow down when the meds slow down and go off, now I don't smoke much while meds on and start chain smoking when meds are off, and can't sleep don't feel like do anything else beside chain smoking and daydreaming until I run out of ciggerates, if I run out I go for a smoke run even if I feel lazy as fuck due to withdrawal

Anyone relates here? Smoking has doubled in price twice where I live recently and I used to keep a pack for 3-4 days, now keeping a pack for 24 hours is an accomplishment, smoke two packs or pack and half everyday and the unenjoyable uncomfortable feeling when you smoke too much is gone, now I enjoy every single ciggerate wtf is happening to my body.

The amount of ciggerates is not even stable per day I smoke (1-4 packs per day depending on a lot of factors!)

I'm 28 start at 21 have quit many times longest quit was 18 months and 4-6 months ago 

My wallet is feeling it not just my body, 12 months ago used to spend 80 dollars a month now spend 400


I don't want to stop taking the meds, it makes my quality of life much better, and my personal relationships and work better, but this can't keep going forever, I'm time gambling with my life.

One time to try and combat the chain smoking after the meds were off, I drunk heavy liquor to sleep, I think alcohol have different effects on ADHD, makes me awake makes me focused makes me enjoy myself stayed awake for 40 hours!

side note: Smoked hasheesh(light processed marijuana) for 3 years, quit 4 months ago, quitting made me smoke and drink more


TLDR: 


28, started at 21, used to keep 1 pack for 3-4 days, 3-2 months ago started smoking 1.5-4 packs a day. I wanna save 400 dollars a month and save my life, and still keep taking my meds, tried to drink to sleep after meds off(meds off=chain smoking starts) but alcohol plus ADHD equals no sleep, no more alcohol, quitting hasheesh made me smoke more --- is it possible? maybe craving kill-switch meds?

