I quit on Monday. Here's my experience so far.

For the last year I have wanted to quit, but just didnt have the drive to get it going. For the last six months I have been sick, every month, for at least a week at a time. I thought maybe I need to get into the gym more and get my blood moving to help my immune system. So I started a new workout routine last month and it is INTENSE! But, I couldnt freakin breathe and that was my final motivation. Between all of the illness and not being able to get a good work out, I was done. I quit on Monday with the help of nicotene patches after 12 years of smoking a pack a day (Close to half of my life). 


Day 1 was ok because the motivation was strong. 

Day 2 was rough, I almost tore a few people new ones for the dumbest things. Although, my sense of smell was become greater. Theres nothing like pulling up to a starbucks window and smelling the sweet aroma of freshly brewed coffee. I look forward to more experiences like that! 

Day 3 was definitely the most difficult and my brain kept trying to rationalize JUST ONE cigarette. I was strong and reminded myself of how much I hate being sick. I have also noticed headaches at the end of everyday but I imagine those will go away soon. 

Day 4 was great. I noticed that for the first time, halfway through my meal, I wasn't already thinking about a cigarette. Also, I can actually run now without having what feels like an asthma attack. Its amazing how quickly you start to feel the positive effects of not smoking! 

Day 5, today. My cravings are pretty slight compartive to the last few days. I still am experiencing the habit triggers (i.e. get in car, work for an hour at the computer, normal cigarette break times) where I find myself having to remind myself that's the old me! And each time I think about how awesome it is that I have all of this extra time now. I realized yesterday that at 7 minutes per cigarette, and 20 cigarettes per day, I was wasting (and harming myself for) over TWO HOURS per day. Thats insane! 

Anyway, I wanted to say thank you to this community. You have all been a huge help so far! I hope to see all of us keep up the good work! 