Second attempt, hope it will be successful :)

Hi guys,

I’m sorry in advance for the long post, but I would like to share a few thoughts I had in the past week.

I smoked for 12-13 years, ranging from 12-15 cigs per day in the University years and I reduced to 6 per day in the last 3 months. In the middle, I quit for 2 years, cold turkey, in 2009. After, a few bad things happened and I started smoking again. At first, it was one cigarette in the morning, after the coffee. Then, one in the morning and one after lunch. Then, to cope with the stress, I added another one in the middle of the morning. But how can you go out with friends, drink and not smoke? Added other 2-3 in the evening and suddenly I was back to the old, toxic, routine. 

In the last 3 months I noticed that I was always arriving at work panting (by bike), I was always tired in the morning, even with 8 hours of sleep and I was lethargic, so I decided to control the habit, halving the dose to 5-6 cigs/day.

I thought about this a lot...on how bad, 5-6 cigarettes per day could be for my health and I decided on Sunday not to smoke for an indefinite period. I’ll always be in time to start back, if I want to.

I'll write here a few impressions I'm having after 4 days.

- The motivator that helped me a lot when I was a student, money, is now not part of the game anymore. I have a job now, I can comfortably buy stuff, go out in the evening, and save money... so saving 55€ per month is just the icing on the cake. I need to find another motivator.

- Let's then think about health and symptoms I'm experiencing after 4 days. I feel less tired in the morning and I feel to have more willpower, but are these placebo or real things? Without any real score measurements it's hard to quantify such things. However, I didn't notice any change in smell and taste, no physical withdrawal symptoms (except for headache on day 2), no change in breathing and none of the symptoms all the quit-apps are talking about.

- I also found that all the stuff they suggest you to do, like drink often water, go for a walk, are just palliative things which do not solve the crave problem. If you want to buy a laptop, it is useless to replace that need with a book. Simply, it is not the same thing: you will buy the book and later on, even the laptop.

So, why am I still on track and happy about not smoking anymore? To be honest, I do not know...yet.

Is maybe that good feeling that you have when you think about at all the times you went out smoking with bad weather? It could be.

Or maybe is the freedom you perceive when you understand that you can do what you want without having to smoke first, as a ritual. 
Short example: Before going to work, to a dinner, to the movies, you MUST smoke. I thought about why I was doing that, and the answer was that I liked a moment of break between two different activities. I'm still thinking about more useful ways to fill this gap with something as "breaking" as that. But as soon as you realize that you can put literally everything you like in that, you'll feel avery pleasant sensation. Just choose something and do it.

I also feel even more proud when I go out with smokers and I understand that I do not miss anything. I'm enjoying the evening, the food, the drinks as before, and it won't be a cigarette (or a lot of them) that improves or changes the course of a lovely day/evening. Understanding that smokers are enjoying the time as much as you do is crucial. 

I tried in this short period to use most of the apps which should help you to quit. It’s really funny to say that most of them give you a lot of confusing information, so I suggest not to give them too much importance…but still they are a helpful tool to track you favorite motivator.

To conclude… it has been a nice half week without smoking. For the moment, I do not want to go back to the old habits and I’m trying to enjoy the “new” life as much as I can. Just being happy with all the other good things life has to offer.

Sorry for the controversial and long post… hope you’ll enjoy it and share some thoughts about your experiences.

:)