And down the rabbit hole we go again: Making my gazillonth attempt - this is it and I'm really afraid of whats to come.

Ok, so now I finally have two weeks of nothing to do, which makes this the optimal time to stop using nicotine. I am not smoker, but I use a type of smokeless tobacco named "snus" (very common in scandinavia, not so much elsewhere), but this seems like the right subreddit. For those of you who don't know, the withdrawals from snus addiction is somewhat more powerful than that of smoking, you get a bigger hit of nicotine over a longer period of time.

I've been on it since I was 15, I am 21 now - and I've tried before and failed. The main problem is the extreme emotional stress I am put under. I am a very emotional person already, but quitting makes me a complete wreck unable to function in a normal job or any social situation. One time trying two years ago, I went out into the woods and screamed at a ditch for ten minutes before being attacked by a herd of moose. It was not my brightest moment.

Today I had a test day, it started out really well. I made breakfast and played some playstation. While I was eating, I caught myself looking forward to being done eating, so that I could take a snus. The day progressed, and I felt extremely tired. I drank three cups of strong tea to keep myself active. I also became super horny, and as the clock ticked past 6pm, I started having a really bad headache, getting heat flashes and feeling sick. I also felt like I was going to cry at any moment. Band practice came and I took a three cigarettes before, during and after the the practice. I came home at 9 and had three more snus, before going to bed. 

Now, what I keep realizing is that I don't like this. Using nicotine makes me tired, unfocused, unproductive and lazy. The problem that arises is that I have a history of mental illness, and I've battled and gotten rid of severe depression and anxiety. And every fucking time I try to quit, it comes back. Those horrible feelings of the old me. I'm literally scared shitless of the physical and emotional pain that I know is right around the corner. 

Most successful attempt at quitting I was 24 days in. I was more or less done with the physical withdrawal, I had no craving to put something under my lip any more, but I was still an emotional wreck and caved to that.

I need help to get my shit together, guys. I need someone to teach me how to restrain my emotions, so that I can finally get over this blight on my existance. Tomorrow is day one.