I hate everything about quitting.


I'm so pissed at myself.  I know I've been posting a lot but it's helpful for me.  I guess not helpful enough though. I have no excuse. No good reason.  No fucking clue why I could throw nearly 7 days away. 
I bought the smokes today. The presence of the store finally wore me down I guess.  I brought them home and just held them for a while.  I managed to put them down and go for a walk.  
I came home and was still hellbent to smoke, so I packed them.. Opened them and just smelled them.  They smelled like raisins to me.  Weird, I know.  But anyways I just sat there for a while with them in my hand. 6 days I've spent completely nicotine free. I managed to throw them in the garbage.  I had a while still until I had to pick up the kids but I knew I needed to leave.  So I set out to drive.  Put the music on and opened my trusty bag of sunflower seeds.  I drove fast.  With the music loud.  Maybe subconsciously trying to out run my cravings. 
After I picked up the kids I came home and I don't fucking even know why, but I picked that pack out of the trash. Grabbed a smoke, and went and sat by the car.  The whole thing felt like slow motion.  I sat there with it in my fingers,  that familiar feeling felt so right.  I looked at it and wondered how it could control me this much.  Mainly I just cried.  Tears of stress.  Tears of disgust.  Tears of disappointment.  The harder I cried the closer I knew I was getting.  At that last second I was angry at myself for even trying.  I had talked myself down so far that truth be told I'd probably left myself no other choice. 
I lit it.  Took that first drag and for the first time it tasted awful.  It was hollow and even tasted like raisins. 
I cried harder.  I fucking failed.  It was a good run, but of course I fucking gave in. It made me sick so I put it out. 
When I got inside I washed my hands right away.  The soap didn't kill the smell the first time around so I washed them again.  I scrubbed my teeth and washed my face.  The smell.  The fucking smell that I was so proud not to have on me was back.  I put on the fancy lotion that has helped keep me on track.  I could still smell the cigarettes through it.  Fuck.  Just Fuck.  This crying thing is new for me.  I don't do it a lot.  Now I have to tell my husband I failed. When the kids ask me how I'm doing and I tell them 7 days tomorrow I know I'll be lying.  It's just all so fucking fucked up. How could I have let myself do that.  I just fucking flushed it all away...  And for what!?! I feel gross,  I smell gross.  I am gross.  
Fuck. 