Day 234

     I don't get on here as much as I used to, but In the beginning this subreddit was the only thing that kept me going. I found strength and inspiration in the success stories of others. Back then I never thought I would be a Non-Smoker. I knew I wanted it, but feared I wouldn't ever be able to shake the hold nicotine had on me. I  felt weak, I felt defeated.  I had pretty much accepted the fact that I would be a smoker forever. I  thought that I was doomed to a life of stinking constantly &amp; never being able to breathe. 

Now here we are almost 8 Months later. It is so crazy to think back on this journey. It was the hardest thing I have ever done and there were so many times over the past 8 months that I wanted to give up. I figured after 17 years as a smoker the damage was already done to my body, and I was wasting my time quitting. 
I came up with every reason and excuse I could possibly think of to rationalize going back to cigarettes. 
Smoking was all I had known for so many years. I had no healthy coping skills. I had no idea how to manage my stress and anxiety without cigarettes. I didn't know how to drive without them, how to drink coffee, how to be social, how to do any chores, basically I didn't know how to enjoy any aspect of my life without them.

One of the most unexpected obstacles I faced was retraining myself to live life. I felt like part of me was missing. I felt like I lost my best friend. I would mourn the loss in the beginning. I didn't realize what I was doing at the time, but It truly was like I going through all the stages of loss. Denial, anger, bargaining.. I felt them all. The depression was suffocating. Yet I held my ground and I never gave in.

I feel like I am in a place in my quit where I have fully put it behind me. Never will I go through all the hell of quitting again. There is no desire in me to smoke. I really never even think about it anymore. I could have never imagined how amazing quitting would be. I now know I can do anything. The strength I gained though out this will be something I carry with me forever.

So to those of you just beginning your journey; I wish you luck, I send you strength and I just want to say, in case you haven't been told, You are Amazing. You are Strong. And you Are going to make it through this.
