Month 6

I remember the very first day I started taking Chantix. I was so determined to quit. I was scared for sure.. I mean hell, I've smoked more years than I haven"t. I'm 33 and started back when I was 16.. but after a scare I had with a lump in my breast that turned out to be nothing, I promised myself and My higher power that I would give up smoking for good. 

It's crazy to think that the reason I, like so many others, began smoking was to be cool. All my friends smoked, my family members smoked, the older guy I dated smoked. I thought it was the thing to do. But lets face it- In the end you end up that dull skinned, smelly, phlegm spitting loser that's always in the furthers corner of any social gathering.
I think that has been my biggest deterrent..not wanting to be that person again.

The beginning of my quit was pretty hard. My brain kept trying to convince me that I needed to smoke. That I wouldn't ever be able to relax without a smoke. Everyone around me smoked. I hated them all. I was seriously so jealous of them. How stupid is that!? I didn't think it was fair that they could smoke and I had quit. It sounds stupid, but It's how I thought. 

After a while it got easier. The cravings faded, and I realized that my stress was actually lessened significantly after I quit. Situations that would have made me so anxious before, and left me dying for a smoke were now a lot easier to deal with.  

So many great things happened for me after I quit. It improved the quality of my life significantly; My health, my self-esteem, my ability to cope with the world around me. It was crazy. I never thought I could be a non-smoker. I thought I would die smoking. Now I could never imagine smoking ever again.

 Funny how things change, ya know. I mean one minute you're sucking down death sticks in the corner, and the next you're bragging about your quit on Reddit. In the beginning it was being able to come on here and read other peoples stories that helped me the most. I'd read posts from people celebrating big milestones in their quits and think to myself that someday I too would be there..
 Today I am 6 months in to the rest of my life as a non-smoker. I'm doing this damn thing and if you've read to the bottom of this I just want to say that you can do it too! It's a whole new world, and it's one I'm very proud to say I am part of!