Finally quit smoking! questions about NRT and ways to fill the void?

Hi all!
First time Reddit user here - I joined specifically for this subreddit. =)
I am a 24 year old female who, after 3 years, has finally quit smoking! I know that three years doesn't seems so long in comparison, but I come from a family of addicts (mainly alcohol/meth), but I am worried that I may have the same addictive personality as the others in my family and wanted to quit before I got too bad. And trust me, although nicotine is not considered a hardcore drug, I could feel and definitely admit that I was addicted....I got super irritated when I couldn't have a cigarette. I used to smoke about a pack every two days. I tried last year to quit cold-turkey and succeeded for two months until an extremely stressful Father's Day, at which point I relapsed and started smoking almost double the amount. Now I am almost a week free of cigarettes but have decided to go the NRT route. I have been taking bupleurum (a Chinese herb that is supposed to help with the cravings) but also nicotine gum. That being said, I do miss my addiction and my sometimes private, sometimes social smoking habit. I am happy and proud to be a non-smoker (as I can already see so many benefits!) but I have a few questions for those that have been through it before. You don't have to answer all; I will appreciate any sort of support, opinion, or feedback I can get! My boyfriend is a non-smoker so he just doesn't get the difficulty of quitting.
1) Have you found that NRT works better or worse than cold-turkey?
2) Am I just using a cop-out, replacing one addiction with another? I feel better by telling myself that I will deal with the mental addiction first and later deal with the nicotine addiction. Is this just pacifying the situation?
3) The nicotine gum package says to use for at least three months. I had just planned on using it when the cravings were too much. Is it better to do the full course or stop whenever I feel ready, even if it is before the three months are up?
4) What do people do to replace the time spent smoking? For example, I am at a loss how to spend my ten minute breaks at work. I used to go out for a cigarette which would take up my break. Any ideas of how to spend the time?
Any/all feedback would be much appreciated. We are all in this together!!