70 Days, feeling free

For those who are thinking of/in the process of quitting then I hope this can be beneficial. I decided to quit after 6 years of 20/day (I'm 23) because I hated the idea of starting my working life dependent on smoking, and more importantly I hated the idea of becoming a father who smokes and the inevitable decline in health that a life of smoking incurs. 

Anyway, as is the norm in this sub-reddit, the first 3 days were pretty rubbish. I think it's the decider in whether you really want to quit or not. For me the motivation to quit kept me strong in the first three days and planning my days strategically really helped too; making sure there was no spare time where I could wish I was smoking. 

After the preliminary 'feel like crap' period you will get a wave of 'this is EASY', which generally it is, but I feel I became far too confident in my success and it left me having a real panic and getting very close to smoking again. This happened at the 26th day, just over 3 weeks since quitting, where a user here genuinely stopped me from going back to the cigarettes (Joneszey). 

Anyway, for the last ~50 days there has been the ups and downs. For example a week ago I had a job interview and convinced myself that if I don't get to the next stage of the application then I should start smoking! Fortunately for me, I made it through to the next stage but it is incredible/incredibly annoying how the mind can trick you into justifying going back to smoking. However, the last few days I genuinely haven't thought about smoking, I've had moments of stress and I have to actually remember that I used to smoke to spur on any thoughts about smoking, which is lovely because usually the thoughts come into my head instantaneously.

My main advice would be to keep yourself busy, I don't mean to say that you cannot relax when you quit smoking, but you have to remember if you smoked 20/day and on average would spend 5mins/cigarette then thats 1hour40mins of your day that you are now without, so filling that in, be it a 30min run, a new netflix series, some gardening or meeting up with old friends, you just need to fill in those new hours. 

I also found the stop smoking iPhone app was really helpful, but the main winner in quitting is yourself, just take it day by day.