Help me understand, I am using easyway by Allen

Hello :)

Been smoking for 6 years.  
I started smoking and drinking at the age 18 to fit in with my friends and get my ass out of the house.
after a few weeks I started to smoke full time because I felt it was relaxing me 

before I started smoking I was working at a supermarket and every time i felt the need to take a break to calm my self down i use to lock my self in the staff bathroom for a few minutes to calm down , Because of the pressure that i felt when there are to many people around me.
Then i started smoking , i stopped locking my self in the bathroom, instead i went out site to smoke and felt it was a wonderdrug that was helping me coping with my anxiety.

2 years ago i managed to stop smoking for a month with the help of Allen Carr easyway to stop smoking book.

Been trying to stop smoking for a week now, i always tell my self just before bed that this cigarette is gonna be the last.
I wake up at 7am, eat and than gym/swimingpool
but after the pool when I'm just relaxing around 11-12 i give in to the craving
When i wake up i think of cig's but i don't feel the need to light up a cig and while I am exercising, it feels awesome and I feel free from this filth.
But around 11-12pm i don't get the thought that i want a cigarette, but it starts with a tiny pressure which leads my brain in overdrive of thoughts of why i get this pressure which leads me to lighting up a cigarette. 

2 years ago when i quit it felt easy, i can't relive those feelings and thoughts so i cant be sure if it was as easy as i think and today i might just be fooling my self in thinking it was easier back then 

I think i am still under the illusion that smoking relaxes me which i need to break so that i can be free.
Or it might JUST be that I give in to the craving to easily.

EDIT= Lost to the craving to this filthy Nicotine at 16.00pm. (smoked 3 in a row Yelling at my self is this what i really want !)
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Yeah i know it's an illusion and I know i have not gotten the click i need to realize it , I know. the only reason THE only reason i smoke is to feed the little monster.
I need to read or watch more of the suspect of that the Cigarette is not aiding me with relaxing better or magically taking away my boredom.
Here is some of my story not sure if it's relevant but i think it might help me understand the Nicotine addiction and what i can be proud of what i managed to get my self out off.
Yes i used to praise the cigarette that is was helping me with my anxiety for 6 years which is a complete lie. but now my anxiety is almost gone and I've replaced it with a better tool to cope with it and with my social disorder, depression. (Was sent to a place for 4 weeks to build my self back up, finally got diagnosed with adult ADHD which I've been trying to get for 7 years, I am on 160mg of Medikinet Cr over the day)
It's been 13 days since I am back home and i made a decision to be free from nicotine when i got home.
I've been anti-social for years(since 13 years old) . 
I was drinking 2-4 liters of sugared caffeine soda a day, playing video games, had no sleep pattern to speak off (slept when i was tired and woke up when i managed to get my ass out of bed(without work for a year)) 
Now I'm waking up at 7am and asleep by 11pm every single day and exercising twice a day 6 times a week, stopped drinking soda/alcohol and stopped playing video games and the only time I am home is when i need to sleep or wake up and occasionally on the net. I have changed my life completely to the better but the cigarette is still here and is dragging me down.
I have been drinking caffeine sugared soda and playing video games long before i started smoking, I did not feel like i was giving up on something when i kicked that away. And ARGH "!" I Should not be feeling that i am giving up on smoking either. I need to get this into my head and understand that the only reason why i keep sticking this filthy weed in my mouth is because I'm drug addict, an addict to nicotine and that there is no physical pain or any pain what so ever to withdrawal of nicotine only this empty feeling i have while i smoke and when i quit and understand that this empty feeling is never gonna go away until i stop smoking.