I have made my Decision

Enough is enough I am gonna Quit i have had enough of this filth.  
 
I Usually smoke my last cig before bed which doesn't seem to work.  
1.It doesn't work because unconsciously I am tricking my self that tomorrow is a better day to quit   
2.And the only reason i smoke is because I'm addictive to nicotine nothing more.  


---

For a week and a half I have been trying to quit, Every night around 10-11pm before bed i make a vow while I smoke my last cigarette. I wake up at 7, eat breakfast and walk to the town swimming pool, swim for half an hour and relax for 1-2 hours, it feels Amazing that i am able to relax for 2 hours like that , i think about cigarettes of course it's the first day of quitting but i don't feel a strong craving or wanting a cigarette while exercising or when I'm relaxing at the pool.  
But after the pool when I'm either walking home or i am already there around 11-12 i get hit by a very strong craving and my brain thinks that this small pressure or headache around my eyes and forehead is caused by the withdrawal I always give in to it and smoke **Brain**! it doesn't matter if I smoke or not it's still there all day ! your smoking is most likely causing this.  
Tomorrow I'm gonna stay away from my home and just relax and visit some of my non-smoking friends, I live with two other smoker's which probably most likely, no does not help at all being around on the first day(even though I'm been telling my self for a few days that i should not go home ) 

-
There is no gain, joy or fabulous magic for stress,boredom and relaxation from cigarettes the only thing those sticks are doing to me is destroying and slaving my body and mind. And the only, The Only One reason that I keep smoking is to normalize the nicotine level in my body Because I am addictive to nicotine.  

-
The Little monster will shrink in size every time i say no  
and after enough many times "No" has been said it will 
eventually die out.

-
I will do this!  
This time is different      
I am looking forward being a non-smoker  
I am not gonna second guess my decision   
Time for that last filthy cigarette    
And I will be free Finally ! 

  