"Don't smoke yourself to death eh?"

Hi all! I've posted here several times before but would like to share a story with you all today, which was the first thing someone said to me that **actually** got me to consider quitting. I had been a smoker since the age of 15, on average probably 5-6 cigarettes a day but full packs when I would go out with friends which was fairly regular. I knew the consequences of smoking right from the get go, my parents were very opposed and wouldn't shy away from reminding me that growing up. Three of my four grandparents have passed away with lung cancer, and my one surviving grandmother is my only grandparent who never smoked. Coincidence? I think not. Anyways despite all this, I started smoking at the end of grade 10 mostly to seem cool I suppose, it gave me an excuse to hang out with the older kids after school and everyone else was doing it so why not right? I continued smoking through high school and it wasn't until I went to university when I seriously considered quitting. I would try and try to go cold turkey but would quickly give up making more excuses for myself. Nothing anyone would say to me would make me seriously consider it. Until my 19th birthday. Here in Ontario (Canada) 19 is the legal age for purchasing alcohol and tobacco. I was working at a summercamp at the time so the logistics of going into town to go get my first legal drink were tricky, however we managed to get a ride in to pick up some smokes. I was at the counter, had picked up 3 packs of cigarettes and the guy selling them to me was very chatty and remarked on how it was my 19th birthday. After I had paid and was leaving, he says to me "Don't smoke yourself to death eh?" and I just chuckle and nod and leave. But those words had a big impact on me. I don't want to die from smoking. It simply is not worth it. Shortly after that I made my first big attempt at quitting, got 2 months in! Unfortunately I relapsed since but I am determined to stay on track now. I will never give up on quitting. 