Finally made it to a week.

This has been extremely hard. I experienced very little to no coughing the first 5 days and today morning the cough started and I started spitting out random brown shit (very small amounts in clear phlegm). I do feel that my breathing is easier and much better.

I have also been keeping a track of various health related details over the past week. Here is a summary for future quitters

1) Over the last week my heart rate and blood pressure have dropped significantly. ( Resting heart rate is down to almost 65 and getting better.) However I still occasionally have random bouts of increased heart rate. I need to adjust my diet to improve this. (Heart rate used to hover at 80+)

2) For the past 7 days I have been checking to see how long I can hold my breath. I have gone from about 50 - 58 seconds to about a minute and thirty seconds (1:30). 

3) I still have insomnia and find it difficult to fall asleep but its getting better (its 3 am right now and I am getting sleepy)

4) Shortness of breath that presented itself after I quit has gotten much better. Been monitoring my SPO2 and it hovers at 98+, the lowest I saw was 97. 

5) Craving episodes are becoming less frequent and far more manageable. Have had to cut out caffeine and sugary drinks from my diet. Drinking water and juices seems to have helped quite a bit with the cravings.

6) Stamina has improved considerably and am able to walk longer and faster (I still get a little short of breath but its not like I need to stop and catch my breath, I can keep going)

7) Need to practice a lot more breathing exercises. Been informed by multiple parties that when we smoke we are used to breathing deeper. Quitting reduces how hard we breath and it can  be bothersome for some quitters because they feel that they are not getting enough oxygen or that they are not breathing properly. Its just years of muscle memory changing to adapt.

8) Stuffy nose is an on and off thing which exacerbates shortness of breath. My nose is so blocked that at times I cannot even suck in any air. This leads to sometimes breathing through the mouth which makes your throat really dry. Today it was much better but it has flared up again now and is a little bother some but manageable. 

9) Appetite has been hit and miss for me. I have found that I do get hungry often but most of the times drinking a glass of water cures the hunger. Need to start monitoring caloric intake.

10) Cough presented itself today but it hasn't been something that was extreme by any measures. It was sporadic where I would cough in small bursts for a couple of minutes and then am fine for like half the day and then the cough starts again. With each cough it actually feels like there is something being cleared (could be some placebo effect but I genuinely feel much better after coughing the gunk out). 

Please dont take my experiences as medical advice. If you feel anxious or are concerned about your health, it is best to get checked out. Getting a professional opinion is always best. However I personally feel that the first couple of weeks there are going to be symptoms that are either withdrawal related or something related to lungs clearing themselves. Give yourself time and be patient. 

Good luck to everyone. 