15 DAYS WITHOUT SMOKING, SOME THOUGHTS

Disclaimer: im 28yo Male from Chile, english isn't my first language, i'm trying my best on writing this, please, don't be so hard on me.

I'm on my 15 day without smoking since i went full "cold turkey", and it's been one of the exiting experiences i ever had.

First, doing this it's kind of a milestone for me, like many of my age, i feelt like a failure \(shitty job, failed expectations, anxious and inmature\), and like many of us, i tought that i would never be cappable of doing this. So, having experience the pain of the first 3 days and the week after, i feel proud of myself for the first time in a very long time.

For me, it's not just quitting smoking, it's about telling to myself that im still in charge of my body and my destiny. I really was in a position where i felt that i didn't had any control of any aspect of my life. Always driven by anxiety, the constant desire to please everyone \(wish only makes me feel pathetic and empty\), and a constant sense of failure. Really, stop smoking was incredible reguarding.

And now, i'm having a weird feeling, now that i decided to stop smoking, im watching closely my feelings and impulses, my cravings are less frecuent, but more painfull. Re\-training my mind to not smoke has been super hard. Now, im a little scared to face old habbits without the cigarrete, like going to a party, have beers with my friends, or other instances. Since i quit, i've became very sensitive of my surroundings, i feel like im going to fail constantly, i dont want to go to some places only to not feel the cravings, and not wanting do those things, makes me feel like a coward. I'm issolating myself from activities of my daily life because of my fears, and it's easy. Doing the regular, going to work, be with my girlfriend, eating lunch, walking on the streets, sleeping, has been hard enough to start doing the other stuff.

¿Have you experience this kind of fear?

tl;dr:  Two weeks without smoking, i've surpass the regular activity without smoking, facing other social activities its making me feel anxious and fearful 

pd:  shoutout  to everyone quitting and everyone who wants to do it, i really know how hard it is. 