Quitting with your partner, day 4:

Hey guys, 

Long post, my apologies. I've been following this sub for a while now and drawn some strength to quit from your posts on here. So thank you for that. 

I've been smoking for 6 years, on and off. I quit for a few months, started again, then quit for another few months, and for the past half year my partner and I have been on and off trying to quit and only lasting up to 3 days at a time. 
My partner has smoked for about 4 years, and were quitting together. 

He smokes 10-15 cigs/day
I smoke 5-7, mostly in the evening when he gets home. During the day I smoke 3 max. 

______

We're on day 4. We live together and it's been miserable. 
He works with people who smoke, I work from home and am alone all day. 

I've found myself wishing we would both get sick to make the cravings not as noticeable. We've both struggled with anxiety all our lives, so that's been  intense with quitting, as well as him experiencing a lot of irritability. 

It feels like we've grown a little distant from each other, I'm hoping it's temporary. I'm worried because it's gotten to the point that I'm feeling a mix of emotions, one being that I'm slightly dreading for him to come home in the evenings. I used to get so excited to see him every day. Between our old smoking schedule, and his attitude it just makes it so much harder for me. 

When my partner is home, about every 5 minutes he'll look at me with crazy eyes and go: "AHHHHGGGG!" Or comment about how much this sucks, how he just wants a cigarette, or begging me (halfway joking) to let him go buy some. 

I feel like I'm having to maintain strength for both of us, and that I'm having to be the bad guy.
We're both pretty torn up that we can "never smoke again", like it's some sort of sentence. Ha.

We spend our evenings zoned out on the couch, watching shows we dont care for, and barely conversing with each other, other than him whining or me trying to cheer him up or distract him with something. 
Yesterday I was trying to talk to him and he was staring at me with unfocused eyes and clapping his hands loudly and erratically. 

In the mornings, we wake up as late as possible to put off dealing with the cravings. We used to work out in the morning, but I haven't pushed to work out again because I'm putting off dealing with his agony. 

______

It feels like we're totally different people, and I don't like us right now. I try to keep my frustration inside because any time I try to complain I'm met with "let's get some! You wanna get some?" And more pushes for me to break.
I have to be strong. 

He's so apathetic about everything, including me, and I can't tell if he's resenting me or not. Normally he's an amazing guy who is very interested in me, very caring, considerate, funny and super smart. He's not a manipulative person by any means. I've been with the worst kind of manipulator and can smell that shit from miles away. 

Usually my partner and I are very open with each other and discuss our feelings. Normally we're both just tuly kind and good to one another like humans are supposed to be. 
So last time we tried to quit, I thought I'd be open with him about how he was making me feel with the whining and begging. After I told him, he clammed up and didn't talk at all, he just became a hollow shell and stared at stuff for days until we started again, that was worse. 

Every time we've quit, I feel so guilty and hate watching him suffer (even though I'm suffering too) that I give in. 

My family thinks I quit a long time ago, and I dont have any close friends or people I talk with besides immediate family. I'm alone 90% of the time working on my online business, keeping up with household chores, and cooking for us. I don't have an option to talk this out with anyone, and it's killing me. 

For cravings we've tried: 
toothpicks, mints and gum, tea, coffee, CBD oil (helps partially with anxiety but not cravings), taking walks (though it's too cold now) and snacks (I'm so worried about weight gain!) 

-How do I get through this? 
-When will it start to get better? 
-Please talk me out of giving in to my partner and myself, part of me wants to, and part of me needs to be free from this nicotine prison. 
-What if the man I'm going to marry is only his happy, jovial, caring self when he's able to smoke? 
He told me before he smoked he was always irritable. 
-Any suggestions on how to help deal with the mental anguish of cravings? 
I miss sitting on our porch outside and watching the birds, even though it's cold. 
I miss our talks when we smoked, I miss using cigarettes as a reward for a completed task. 

TL;DR:
Day 4 of quitting with BF. He whines about it all the time, begs me to let him buy some (like it's my decision). Starting to dread when he comes home,  
I have no one to talk to. 