Life is a choice

Every day we are faced with hundreds of choices. Sometimes a simple choice enters into our lives and we accept one answer. Through chemicals, marketing, or peer pressure we take that singular choice and make it daily habit. There is no doubt in my mind that quitting smoking is a difficult choice we make. It's a choice we have to make EVERY SINGLE TIME we think about a smoke. For many many years it was the social norm to be a smoker. Today, I'm encouraged by the number of youth that are saying no to that social norm. Yet, we are here in this sub reddit because we did not. 

Five years ago today I decided enough was enough. I had a choice to make, I could go to the local service station. I could lay down $6.75 for another pack of cigarettes and continue down that path. Or I could choose to go to the pharmacy and purchase a cessation aid. Five years ago I began the fight against big tobacco and their massive marketing and chemical addiction campaigns. It was a tough battle for weeks. I never imagined that there could be a day when I forgot I was a smoker. Yet, slowly the cravings became less. 

Meditation, this subreddit, and daily walks were my battle tools. Five years ago I made a choice to become a non smoker after more than twenty years of the habit. It wasn't easy. Every day, every hour, sometimes every minute was a battle of my will against the addiction.I had to become the most stubborn person I have ever been in my life to defeat that addiction.

That's the beauty of our individual self. We have a will outside of the control of everything else in the world. We CAN DO things that were once thought impossible. When you put your mind to it, you can become a non smoker. The mind is a powerful tool, solicit it in your fight against those that wish to enslave you to the cancer sticks. Use all the tools you have to fight your good fight and you WILL SUCCEED! 

For those of you that this is day one, hang in there, it will get better. It's a bitch! It's a mind controlling drug that makes you want more, yet gives you less satisfaction with every puff. It's a malicious lover that does not have your interest at heart. Fight every day until one day it has no control over you. I thought those days would never come for me, yet here they are. Rarely do I think about a cigarette any more. It's a long lost abusive lover who's bad times outweighed the good and I sent it packing. 

For those of you that are several days or weeks in, you're already feeling better. You're feeling your cloudy haze lift. You still want to pick up the phone and call that old lover. You want to invite them over for one more night. Don't do it. One night turns into another morning waking up next to someone you know you do not love. Keep fighting your good fight, you will win. 

Those of you that are months or years into your fight... You know... You conquered the addiction and you are here to help others fight theirs.

Congratulations to anyone here reading this post. Even if you haven't begun your life as a non smoker again, you are here because you're thinking about it. This is a great place to start for advice, encouragement, self checking and guidance. Only you can say when it's time for you. When you do, you will succeed! 

Life is a journey, where we get to make many choices. Some seem huge, while others seem mundane. Every choice leads us to somewhere. Where ever your choices take you, enjoy the journey!

Cheers!