Every Day Gets A Little Better

Quitting smoking is like breaking up with someone you really do like but know that you're not right for. You have had your fun all summer long. You've laughed, you've cried, they were there when they needed you. Now it's time for you to move on. All the same feelings come up, "Just one more kiss!" You know in your gut the it is the wrong thing to do. You know that one more kiss will lead to mixed emotions. You need a clean break from this relationship. No amount of one mores will satisfy the craving or the desire to leave. Finally you get up the courage to leave. You make the break. Instantly you question your decision. You may pick up the phone and begin to dial the numbers. Then you may hang up. Or maybe you don't. The choice is entirely up to you. There is no one but you who gets to make that decision. Once you make the choice and stand by that decision, it's not over yet. Your mind will play tricks on you. The world will throw everything it has at you, making you want to call that special friend. You know they will be there for you this one time, and for all time if you let them. You know it is not right in your heart. You cannot keep stringing them along. It's time to stand up on your own two feet. 

The first few weeks after the breakup, you'll think of them every day. You'll reminisce about the times you shared together. You'll recall the times you got away from it all together. You will want to pick up the phone and call. Don't, there is something better out there. 

A few weeks into the breakup your starting to move on your own again. That someone comes into your mind every day still, but less frequently and less pressing. You're no longer wanting to pick up the phone. You know you did the right thing. You still follow them on social media though. You watch to see how they are doing. Sometimes you may think they are doing better than you are. 

A month goes by. You are doing your own thing now. Things are better, you're starting to forget the times you would escape with your special friend. You start to develop new relationships and friendships that are meaningful. The memory of those "good times" are far less frequent. They still come up and you think about picking up the phone, but you know it's still not a good idea. 

The weeks turn in to months and after several of them you realize you haven't thought about your special friend in a while. You're starting to genuinely believe you're over that relationship. You see how your life has changed. You see how bad that relationship was for you. You know it was fun while it was happening but now, with fresh eyes and a new life, you know it was the dark time. Still you carry a fondness in your heart. 

The months will turn into years and those memories will fade more and more. The fondness of that special friend will bubble up to the surface every now and again. You will think back to those times when you walked together, talked together and thought you were conquering the world. You will always remember those times together, but you know it's best to not go back. 

There is no miracle cure to help you quit smoking. There are patches and lozenges and gums. There are meditations and there are books. There are help groups, like this sub reddit, to be there for you when you need it. The only miracle to help you quit smoking is inside of you. You make the decision, you take the VERY HARD STEPS to walk away and not pick it up again. Like any bad relationship, it's hard to let go, but you know that it's for the best. When you can remember the time when you were a non-smoker (long before you snuck your first one) you can reconcile the desires in your mind. 

TLDR: Nothing is going to make the cravings stop but time. Be strong, breathe deeply, and walk steadily to your future as a non smoker!

