Just had a very vivid dream

Guise, I had a dream last night...

My buddy was really stressed out and I stepped outside with him for a smoke. He offered me a cig and I grudgingly took it and smoked the whole thing with him. I felt the rush of nicotine and everything -- and I'll be honest, it felt fucking great. But, right after I finished I felt cold, lonely, depressed...sick, anxious, unfocused...I was so angry at me for letting myself down like that. Was that it? That's how I was going to fall from this mountain that I worked so hard to climb up? I started getting cravings again...nagging at me...I knew I had failed myself...right when I had finally got to taste life on the other side of the pack -- without cigarettes. How much clearer everything was...how much better I genuinely felt...all gone, in a momentary lapse of will power. And for what? 5-10 minutes of a buzz? A buzz that I knew would continue for -- at best -- the next two cigarettes? Then what? I'd be sucked in again forever trying to chase the dragon. I was so, so disappointed and disgusted with myself.

But then...I woke up. I had to think very very hard: Did I smoke last night? Or was that a dream? No, it had to have been a dream...I didn't even go out last night. Sweet relief. I felt great. I could see the sun shining through my window and...you know what? I didn't feel tired, or groggy, or have a headache, or have a sore throat, or cough. I took a nice, clean, deep breath of air, and thought to myself: "Today is gonna be a good day".

There are going to be little battles that you all will face as you try to beat this thing. Whether it's dreams or real life situations like that, (in fact, that dream was based off of a real life event that happened two days beforehand...that dream kind of served as an "alternate timeline"), there are always going to be trials you face with regard to smoking. It's the small victories that add up very, very quickly. Take baby steps, and celebrate every time you don't fall down. Eventually you'll be able to sprint :)

All the best, my friends. It is possible. You can do it.