How I Stopped

 

Hello interwebs.

2nd post on Reddit, just moving it over here from /r/smokingcessation

Started smoking at 15. I lived in Europe, so buying smokes was easy for that age. I am now 35 and aside from basic training, I have been smoking every day. I'm not the heaviest smoker, I'm between 15-20 smokes a day. I have tried quitting several times with patches, gum, vaping, but they don't end up working for one reason (or excuse) or another.

Last Monday, I went to work with 4 smokes. I had 2 on the way to work, and then the last 2 on my first break. There is a gas station within 2 minutes of my work site, so getting more smokes would not be difficult. I decided to just go pick up another carton when my lunch time came around. I went back into work and had a thought pop into my head.

"Whats the worst thing that will happen if you just stop smoking today?"

I'm not sure where this came from, but I thought about it. I went back to my desk and sat there for the next 6 hours. I did not smoke for the rest of that day. I did crack and smoke a few on Tuesday, but my last smoke was \~11:30 PM.

Wednesday was not pretty for myself or my family. I gave what was left of the pack I bought on Tuesday to my wife and tried to keep myself busy. I put up Christmas decorations, took an extra shower or two, put in some time playing Path of Exile, but I stayed busy. I did not crack even though I was super pissy with a very short fuse. My wonderful wife did not cave in either and she still has my smokes hidden somewhere in the house.

Thursday was the hardest day as I had access to smokes as I went to the gas station to get my morning energy drink. I asked myself, "whats the worst thing that will happen if you just don't smoke today?" And I have not looked back since. I'm now on day 6 and while there are moments that are difficult, just believe in yourself once you truly decide that it is time for you to quit.

&amp;#x200B;

It has now been over a week since I last had a smoke.  1 day at a time