55 years old / 35 years a smoker -- I may die, I may go crazy, I may go to the store.

I don't know why I'm really writing this. Maybe I'm looking for someone to see this and say "Damn, that man needs to not stop smoking! Someone give him a cigarette!" I don't need that. I need to stop. Maybe I'm writing to keep the cigarettes out of my hands. I've smoked most of the last 35 years. Stopping for a few weeks once or twice, here and there. Lying to myself that I could quit and stay quit. I want to quit for good. I play tennis and golf and ride bikes and hide my smoking from my kids who aren't fooled. They know. They're smart. My tennis is not as good as it used to be, walking the course makes me more winded and the smell is there, it has to be after 35 years and after eight of living in this house.

Cigarettes were there to help me through when my mom died. They were in my pocket when I knelt at my dad's freshly dug grave and I lit up even before getting out of the graveyard. When my step sister died, I was smoking, the same was true when I buried my grandparents, cousins, aunts and uncles. Smoking helped get me through.

The things were also my comfort through two marriages, two divorces, four job changes, the ups and downs of a life like everyone has.

I am a preacher man and I'm a  devout believer in God. I pray that I will stop. Then my brain convinces me I need one. I want God to help me stop and I argue with myself and Him and justify myself with "Thy Will be done" and start again and after that first one, I feel the euphoria and I'm grateful I make enough money to afford another pack. I am an educated man, calm and controlled. I am even tempered, kind to animals, quiet, contemplative, introspective and thoughtful. I've been honored for my level head during tragedy, been praised for my ability to perform and focus during times of strife, the voice of reason in chaos; had people praise me for the comfort I give to others in their darkest times. I'm a believer who fights with his God which is stupid, but something I do because this addiction. It's horrifying to be inside my head right now. 

It's now been seven hours and 20 minutes.

As I write this, I want to throw this fucking laptop across the room. I want to yell at the dog to get off the fucking couch. I want to tell my youngest son to get off his fat ass and be something like the other four kids. Three kids are graduating this weekend, two with Master's, one with a B.S. and another one has another year before she graduates. I am so stressed, it's hard to type. I'm mad and angry and glad I'm not married this morning because domestic violence is wrong. I keep wiping my face and I've chewed on my fingernails until they are nubs. I've scratched my arms nearly bloody as I struggle with withdrawals and keep drinking coffee by the gallon. I look for something to put in my mouth (shut the fuck up you dirty bastards, I'm straight) and already this morning I've chewed on a AAA battery, the end of a steel pair of toenail clippers, a pair of sunglasses and the inside of my lips until they are bleeding. I feel bad for swearing because I am supposed to set a good example and I'm pretty sure God wouldn't like it, but my brain and the addiction keeps hammering and arguing that I need a smoke.

I'm not at the store. I have none hidden around the house. I surprised myself when I said "no more" because I've been thinking about stopping (again) for a while now. I had my son take me to work so I couldn't drive to the store to get a refill pack. I had him pick me up and not stop on the way home. It's like I snuck up on myself to stop.

It's now been seven hours and 25 minutes. Five more minutes in life without a smoke and I think I just broke a finger to keep from smoking. Someone tell me they have had the same problems.