Lurker pleading his case (share your stories for everyone sake)

Preface:  For all of those that actually read what I wrote I would like to say thank you.  For all of those who read and replied to this post, I offer my undying respect for trying to make a difference in a stranger's life

Long story short, I have never posted here before.  So for introduction sake, I am MrInscrutable.  I have been smoking since I was 17 up until now (10 years).  

     I started while I was a teen.  My friends at the time smoked weed and the idea was cigarettes made you more high ( I was young and convinced that this was actually true).  I didn't care about the down side because, I was an invincible teenager.  
    
 SO HERE IS WHERE i CALL ON THE PEOPLE OF THIS SUBREDDIT.

     I want to know your story.  I would love to here from those who have found a way to quit first and foremost.  

     That being said, those who have tried and failed please comment here.  I am not going to pretend that the first person who comments about stopping has the answer.  I know that those who have tried and failed are most like me (knowing your smoking trials will help me move forward).

      Knowing all aspect of a nicotine addiction is important for me to overcome.  Whether or not you have quit successfully or are still in the process of overcoming does not matter to me.   I want to know what all of your have to say,  What has worked for you, what hasn't.  I need help for myself, and I am willing to help others like me.

     For all of those who actually comment here, I would like to thank you all in advance.  Any advice I have received before amounted to. "you should stop smoking"  So please give me something more to go on.

    tl;dl:  I am a new guy on this sub looking for advice from those who have been able to quit permanently (or at least have not smoked since they quit.

      PS: for all those who have tried to quit and fail, share your story.  I'm a noob quitting for the first time.  Any story about those who are struggling is helpful.  I am just like you.  Anything you can pass will be valuable


 
 
     
