I think I'm addicted again

This is going to be more of a story that I tell just to admit it and get it out there somewhere. Maybe someone will read it and sympathise with me, possibly give me some advice.

I smoked for about 6 years, real smoking. About a pack a day, I got started with cigarillos which I enjoyed while I was driving and when I was watching new episodes of Sopranos during Season 5 while that was on the air.

I wanted to smoke but I couldn't handle all the flavour of cigarillos after it ramped up to several a day. So that's when I started smoking. I eventually quit during a time I was trying to better myself, there was this girl and yadda yadda it didn't work out but I stayed quit for 6 years.

I started smoking again because I'm living in a country where it's much more accepted. I can smoke in bars here, cigarettes are still expensive, but most people smoke. I was bored with life and wanted a different thing so I picked up smoking again. After 6 years of not smoking, starting again was actually work. Like, I was getting sick.

I successfully started and have been smoking for about a year now. About two months ago I decided that for a bit of change I was going to go on a trekking (extended hiking) trip to Norway. For that trip, I quit smoking and drinking. I quit for a month before the trip and the trip lasted two weeks.

I missed it. I wasn't in pain or anything, I've quit before, I just like it, there's a mental addiction. And so not even very long after I got back and was re-introduced to all of the problems and challenges facing me in my life I just picked it back up again.

Today, I woke up and I could feel it. I'm addicted again, because when I woke up there was that absence of the chemical I'm so used to and I wanted a cigarette. When you wake up and want a cigarette first thing in the morning like that, and it's because of the chemical in it. That's the physical addiction.

So now to quit I have to go through the whole two weeks of my brain going nuts thing again. That's disappointing. I kinda just wanted to be able to smoke when I wanted to smoke. But smoking is a narcotic. It's too bad nobody has really found a good substitute that lacks nicotine.

Every time I try one of those special cigarettes that don't have nicotine, it's like they were made to taste like dirt on purpose. How is it possible that the nicotine is what adds flavour to the act of smoking?

I'm not into vaping and most vaping news on the internet is sort of diluted by people who think it's safer. It's got the nicotine in it, that's the addictive part. And none of the fun part, which is the smoke. Or, you can get nicotine free vape, which answers my question about good taste, because that can taste good. But I still lack the part I like, the smoke.

I don't know what advice I'm looking for.