Success! Nicotine free for almost 3 weeks. Thanks /r/stopsmoking

Hi /r/stopsmoking. I had been wanting to quit for a long time, and I am delighted to say that I am finally nicotine free. I only posted in here a couple of times, mostly just lurked, because it was helpful to know that others were struggling with the same obstacles as I was, and that others were achieving their goals and quitting smoking/overcoming their nicotine addiction. So, THANKS for being a source of motivation and common ground!  
  
If anyone is interested, here are some deets from my experience...   
  
I have an addictive personality. Quitting cigs was VERY hard for me. Cold turkey was just too abrupt for me... it never worked. So, after countless failed attempts, I went the vaping route. I decided that I would make quitting as painless as possible, as opposed to trying to brute force my way through.  
  
I lowered the nicotine concentration in the e-liquid I was using by imperceptible amounts each week, so I was never really "aware" of the fact that I was stepping down the amount of nicotine I was exposed to. (Logically I knew there was less nicotine in the liquid, but because it was such a small difference, I couldn't tell.)  
  
Also, in order to combat those moments when cravings hit really hard (for me the fall season is a trigger. go figure...) I ordered these tobacco-free cigarettes called Maans Nirdosh. They actually look like blunts, lol. They satisfied the urge to smoke something, and they taste pleasant (they contain basil, clove, turmeric, cinnamon, and other things). So sometimes I would smoke one of those, and usually after the first few puffs the craving to smoke would pass, and I would put it out. The best part about that was I wasn't falling off the wagon and smoking an actual cig.  
  
So, about 3 weeks ago, I transitioned to nicotine free e-liquid. I had a slight headache for about half the day of the first day that I went nicotine free, but it wasn't any different than the occasional headaches I get from allergies or from not drinking enough water or from staying up too late, so I can't say for sure the headache was a result of going nic-free.  
  
Anyway, I noticed that I wasn't wanting to vape every hour on the hour... I would just use it a few times during the day. And as the days went on, I started forgetting I even had it. I would pick it up if I stepped outside with co-workers who were smoking, or sometimes I would reach for it if I was stuck in traffic, but since I wasn't getting any nicotine, it almost seemed... pointless!  
  
And that brings me to today. I haven't vaped at all today, and I don't even care. I still sometimes want to do something with my fingers/mouth, but I have a nice stockpile of tea tree and neem infused toothpicks, which are fun to chew/suck on, and I end up having cleaner teeth as a result. It's a great distraction from the urge to pick up a cig. Also, I have been chewing/sucking on cinnamon sticks. They are GREAT! The taste is bold and satisfying, and my breath smells nice, too. And they are sort of cigarette-shaped, so I think mentally the cig-addict deep within me feels satiated. It's a clever trick, I suppose. But it is working. Also, I have been bringing an apple with me in the car. So instead of chain smoking, or chain vaping, now when I drive I eat an apple, poke around with a tea tree toothpick, and then suck on a cinnamon stick if I still need something to do with my hands/mouth. I'v been eating an apple on my ride into work, and another one on my ride home. Full disclosure: my poo has never been better.   
  
It feels great to have that monster off of my back! And I feel very accomplished in that I was able to gradually transition to being nicotine free in such a way that it wasn't really hard for me to do. I don't mean to make light of the burden that nicotine addiction is, but I do want to brag a little bit about the fact that I was able to get over my addiction in a way that was relatively easy and painless! I did have to plan, and strategize, though. In the beginning I laid out my plan -- how I would step down the nicotine, what my schedule would be, when I needed to order e-juice...for a while, I was trading one form of nicotine delivery with another...but with vaping, I had total control over the level of the nicotine. And the nicotine in e-juice is pure, so it is *a less addicting addiction*, because the nicotine in tobacco is in a free-base form and hitches a ride to your brain with MAOIs which potentiate the effects of the nicotine. 
  
I am going to stick around this sub for a while longer, to stay motivated, and share words of encouragement, and I once again want to thank this entire community for being a steady source of support. 