27 - been quitting for a year on-and-off and today is the day

I've been trying to quit for just over a year now (after I had some intense dental surgery). It has not gone well to say the least; I quit for weeks at a time and then something happens or triggers me.  

Today however, I bought an e-cig with a mind to weening myself off in preparation for the weekend when I can clear my system out (3 days for getting nicotine out right?).   

Let's go back and lay it out for y'all. I grew up over in Britain (am American) and started smoking around 14. We could buy cigarettes when we were like 13 at these village stores - so we started young. I started smoking daily around  when I was 14/15 and have been going ever since. It started off as like 4-5 a day, but now it's easily at 15 (27 years old now). What reinforced this habit was also the concurrent pub culture we have over in England - smoking is commonplace and very much accepted as part-and-parcel to the pub culture; even when you're sixteen you can buy a pint, and smoke a fag in the beer garden.  

On top of all this, we also rolled our joints with tobacco in it (again, its a European thing). So I had a double whammy for years where smoking was apart of everything I was doing.  

A few years back, I was pretty violently mugged when living in DC - the mugger sucker punched me at 3am and nearly knocked out my front two teeth. Luckily, I got to the ER on time and the doctor was able to restore the teeth. However, there was quite a lot of damage to my gums, and through other surgeries we were able to recover some of the lost gum (through some bone and gum grafts).  

You think this would've been enough to quit (potentially losing the teeth and paying $5k+ for the privilege to have experimental treatment) but lo, I keep falling back. My gums over the affected teeth start pulsating from inflammation when I've ben smoking a lot (has been happening a lot more recently) and I always resolve "I'll quit this weekend so I can clear the nicotine out of my system and not be cranky at work!" but of course it never happens!  

So today my plan is to quit physically smoking and put off actually expelling the nicotine to the weekend. I'm confident I can do it, but I feel like I'm reaching the point where I'm losing the motivation to even try and quit anymore. I'm young so I could potentially stave off the negative longer term effects if I can stay smoke-free, but even with that knowledge its difficult!   

Sorry for the rant - hopefully I can become a regular here that is smoke-free!
