I dropped my Juul in the toilet

I dropped my Juul in the toilet just now, on purpose. 

I started smoking cigarettes when I turned 21 when began dating someone who smoked; while we broke up a few months later, the habit stuck for 6 years. Through every bronchitis diagnosis (there were many) and a bout of walking pneumonia, I told myself I would quit, but nevertheless kept on. 

I loved the conversations I had with smoking strangers when I would step outside of the bar. I loved burning through a pack of cigarettes on the rooftop of my first Queens apartment overlooking the Manhattan skyline on a summer night listening to some Drake’ latest “summer anthem” on the speaker of my old ass iPhone. I loved the moments of bonding with coworkers whom I saw as fellow misfits during the tedious work day. I loved the ritual of driving in my car listening to Hot 97 at 6AM with the window cracked to let in the brisk air in during a winter commute to the train station.  Most of all I enjoyed the self indulgence (the self pity) I would lose myself in when I smoked and believed I was a tortured soul and this was my release - something earned through every experience I lived that made me feel broken, unworthy, and dirty.

After many failed attempts, I quit smoking one day cold turkey. I don’t know what happened but something clicked in my head and I wanted to stop more than I wanted to smoke and I did. I quit for a year. Then a friend showed me the Juul and I was hooked on nicotine again but worse than ever. It was the bronchitis-pneumonia-idontgiveafuck experience again but worse- I could smoke it anywhere anytime all day and night long. It’s been almost two years and I’m over trying to quit a thousand times and picking it back up again. 

I hardly hear anyone talk about the side effects of the Juul, but I feel them: I have reoccurring mucus in the back of my throat, I have trouble breathing walking up the stairs, I don’t sleep well and I’m constantly tired, my skin looks gross, and despite having overall great hygiene my breath smells like musty laundry and my mouth is always dry.

So I’m over it. I dropped my Juul in the empty toilet on purpose so I would never pick it up again (I then pulled it out and put it in the garbage and washed my hands btw). Dramatic, yes, but I wanted it to reveal itself to me as disgusting as my habit is.

I’ll miss all the memories I had smoking but I’ll miss my lungs more when I eventually develop COPD. So I’m over it. Day 1 here I come.

TL;DR I smoked cigarettes for a while, quit, became addicted the Juul, developed trouble breathing and bad breath and threw my Juul in the toilet because I’m dramatic.