My Tips for Successfully Quitting

People may disagree with how I'm doing it, but after reading books and articles, visiting a counselor, and trying many times to no avail, I've chosen a few techniques that have made it mostly effortless to quit smoking. (Keep in mind, I'm on Day 16 now, but I feel like I've prepared enough to make it for good)

1. Social Support: I visited a group at the hospital for 8 sessions over 4 weeks, with the quit date at session 4. 2 days ago, I finished that program, and got a certificate and everything. The counselor holds weekly meetings and will check in on me from time to time. The group support was immense, because there was no judgment and we were all in it together, supporting each other, and they became like my family.
2. Nicotine replacement products: If you see a doctor and ask for the patch and/or gum/lozenge/spray and try it yourself, you have a 10% chance. That's due to many factors, but for me, the main one was that I wanted to be free of this addiction quickly so I tried to be a hero and undermedicated. Develop a plan (mine is over 20 weeks) of how many doses you'll take and reduce the nicotine content gradually. Many people don't believe in using nicotine to reduce nicotine cravings, but with a plan, I feel it will work for me. To me, having nicotine in my system for a little while longer to make this process more bearable will help me remain smoke-free for life.
3. Mindset: My mantra is "one cigarette leads to two leads to many". Many of us, even after years of being non-smokers, revert back to our old patterns. This is because we believe we are out of the woods. Remember: you're a non-smoker for life now. A non-smoker wouldn't have just one puff because he/she is drunk or stressed or on vacation. Make your mindset into that of a non-smoker, and slowly and slowly the urge to reach for a pack diminishes. Prepare for this before you even quit. Give yourself a firm date and say goodbye. It helped me when I wrote a letter to my addict. I told it that it served me in the best way it knew how, but I have new techniques now. Stress can't be cured by smoking. Smoking causes the stress that can be relieved temporarily by smoking
4. Meditation and deep breathing: In the midst of a craving, I breathe deeply. I inhale for about 4 seconds, hold for about 2, and exhale for 10. The act of exhaling for a longer period of time helps reduce cravings (cravings realistically only last 5-10 (long) minutes) and any kind of relaxation is helpful. As for meditation: just do it. It changes your brain chemistry. Just practicing for a week makes you handle stress in a different way (as an observer, not an actor). It helps manage cravings both in the moment and preparing your mind for resiliency when the cravings hit.
5. Replace it with another positive behavior: many people advise not to take on too many things at a time. When stopping a destructive pattern, it's important to add a new constructive one. Mine is yoga. I've been resolving to do yoga for years, but never mustered up the motivation. Now, given that I have 100-140 extra minutes in the day (5-7 minutes x 20 cigarettes), I'm scheduling time to do some yoga.
6. Predict common triggers and excuses: Write down some of the reasons you foresee that will make you undermine the importance of quitting smoking. Refute them. "It helps with stress"? No. It creates stress. "I'll gain weight?" It doesn't have to make me gain weight. Besides, tar in your lungs is infinitely more harmful than 10 extra pounds. etc. Also think about situations in which you'll be tempted and choose the things you'll do to prevent. Temporarily walking away from a situation, for the first bit of your journey, is perfectly acceptable. Social triggers? Avoid for a bit, but when you've developed enough of a streak, you'll feel more confident in those situations. I'm at a point where I can be around smokers and not have any desire to smoke. Write all these triggers and excuses, and their antidotes/rebuttals in your phone and turn to it every morning and every big craving you have. And don't feel guilty about using your NRT products. It's better to have the pure form than the tobacco smoke. In addition, write your top 5 reasons for quitting.
7. Reward yourself: Choose streak lengths: 2 days, 5 days, 7 days, 2 weeks, one month, 3 months etc. and pick a way you'll reward yourself in a healthy way. At 7 days, I went to a comedy show, at month I'm going to the museum. You're doing a difficult thing, maybe the hardest thing you'll ever do. Reward yourself wisely.

Don't give one more nickel to the tobacco industry, which profits off of addiction and suffering. That's become a much larger reason for me to quit. Not. One. More. Nickel. They've taken enough from me. $4000 CAD to be precise. I have no regrets about my decision