Day 1: Do yourself a favor. Get a counselor.

Okay here we go, day 1! I've tried a few times before, and felt helpless after relapsing over and over again over the past several years. I've tried Champix (worked for 3 months), Easy Way (worked for 2 weeks), Nicoderm/Nicorette (worked for no longer than a week), but something was missing when I used these systems alone.

But a month ago, I came across a program at my local hospital where a counselor takes 7 smokers per month and hold 8 sessions of 90 minutes each, aimed at smoking cessation. I started 12 days ago, and quit date is on session 4, which is today. The first three sessions were to get us ready for what to experience, how to go about quitting, knowledge of the NRT products out there, but especially about the dangers of smoking and how addiction works. The counselor himself is an ex-smoker and has been giving this program for 14 years. This fact reduces my resistance to listening to him and helps me overcome my cognitive dissonance.

He said in the first session that if I were to see my doctor and get a prescription for a nicotine replacement product, my odds would be around 10% of being smoke-free that year. His rate of success among his 1800 graduates is 47%! 

The next 4 sessions will be support sessions about how to manage cravings, keeping ourselves motivated, and strategies to keep it permanent. Following that, he holds regular appointments with graduates, and support even after that first year. His program is loosely based on the American Lung Association's "Freedom From Smoking" program, which you can find online, if you don't have a health care provider who offers smoking cessation counseling in your area. If you're really serious, you won't go through this whole process alone. Quitting smoking is uncomfortable and you need everything in your corner in order to remain smoke-free.

It's not a "scared straight" type program. It's all about positive gains. I'm sure we've all been bombarded with comments that smoking causes 50 diseases, is expensive, smells bad, etc. So I wrote my positive affirmations on a post-it note and put that on my mirror:

1. No more slavery!
2. Prevent 50 diseases / Add 10 years to my life
3. Clear lungs, freedom from coughing
4. No more smelly clothes
5. Save $4000/year

I wish everyone luck in their journeys...or rather I wish everyone strength. Because it's a habit that you can kick, you just need to continuously be mindful of it. I, for one, am confident I'll finally kick this habit this time. But I need the support.