I was lucky

I've been dealing with finals and constant procrastination lately and today I decided to glance at how long it has been since I stopped smoking. Tomorrow it'll be two years since I stopped smoking. I'm not writing this so that others can say congratulations to me or any of that. No, I feel as though I was lucky. 

You see, smoking for me was triggered by driving or waiting in-between classes. Doing either of those made me crave one. And for almost a year I had been planning to quit; I told myself that when I finished smoking 20 different types of cigarettes (I saved one of each and placed in a pack), those 20 would be the last I ever smoked. During this time I had decided to join winter guard and the activity left me out of breath constantly. My instructor told me that I needed to quit if there ever was a chance of me being able to last a full show(~5-6 mins of nonstop drill/dance/tossing). One day after coming home I sat in my car, finishing up a smoke and threw the pack into the garbage can. I was lucky, in that when I was home temptation never got the best of me. I guess after years of smoking, the one place I kept my habit away from was the key. 

Now I know for others it's never going to be that easy. Ever since 6 months of being smoke free I would have random urges to let this subreddit know that I'm doing it but I'd feel as though I never really struggled and wouldn't be seen as an actual quitter. But hours from hitting the two year mark I'm no longer afraid. I still take a deep breath when I smell smoke (not the actual smoke because that doesn't feel right) and I glance behind the counter looking at what new brands are out and if my favorite brand is still there, it is. Those urges suck and I'm lucky that they never hit me like all others. I'll never forget what smoking did to me, my coughs almost always end in a wheeze. That said, it also showed me one amazing thing. I never finished filling up that pack with all types of cigarettes. In fact, I still have it in the very room I am in right now. Smoking showed me at the very end that the perfect opportunity rarely comes if it ever does, that expecting the completion to be the end all is a fairy tale. I hope that all those that want to quit understand through this post that their moment isn't going to just lay itself out on a silver plate. You should just go for it because sometimes you'll get lucky, like me. 