Trying to quit YET AGAIN [24] smoking for 9 years

I'm 24 and I've been smoking since I was 14. I've tried so many times to quit and I always give up simply because I lose motivation completely after a week. I get so determined then like a flip of a switch I don't give a shit anymore. I either get in a fight and want a cigarette.. or I just say "whatever" I'm bored and buy a pack. 

The longest I've ever quit was a little less than a month. I felt AMAZING in every way. I felt healthy and determined to do anything. For some reason or another I felt like just one puff of a cigarette "just to see" would be okay...
Clearly it wasn't because that was about a year ago and I continued to pick up smoking again. 

I hate that I smoke. I hate that I go in phases of wanting to then not wanting to. I hate that I'm a flip flop. I hate that both my grandparents died of lung cancer and I STILL continue to smoke.

I almost had a break up with my current boyfriend this weekend. I love him so much and we decided we are going to really try to get us to work.
I've decided that I need to make some major changes. Along with smoking cigarettes.. I need to stop smoking weed completely. I got my club card last August and I've literally smoked weed and spliffs every. Single. Day. 
Some people can function smoking weed... I have nothing against it. But I really am starting to feel the long term effects of it. When I argue with my bf I sometimes forget what we are even talking about. I get paranoid. I have no motivation to do anything. I feel insecure about my current job because I didn't go to college. I feel just stuck. I truly feel like weed and cigarettes are holding me back from being more motivated to do good things in my life. 

HOW do I stick with my plan to cut out cigarettes and weed??? I haven't smoked since last night.. I'm not having crazy withdrawals but I can't help but feel like I'm just going to stop giving a shit about bettering my life. 

Any advice would be helpful please 
