One month in...

So yeah, it's been a month since I "quit". More on the quotation marks a bit later.

Having smoked for close to 12 years, one day I came to the conclusion that quitting might not be a bad choice. This was about five years ago. Long story short, it didn't stick. Now, I have had somewhat of a nasty lung condition (that for some inexplicable reason seem to come and go as it pleases) since I was quite young, a condition that landed me in the hospital a couple of times and once with close to lethal results when I was little. Thing is, as a grown up (or even a teenager really) it has never really affected me in a noticeable way other than when I go to the doctors and the doc tells me to blow on the thing that measures the volume of your lungs (or something like that). My results, as you might have guessed it, routinely were below those of an infant. Doc would tell me to quit smoking, I would tell him "sure thing, doc!", and light one up once I left his office. This happened more often than I care to even recall.

Fast forward a few (five, to be exact) years, and here we are. My last quit before this one lasted all of three days, two of which I had a fever so bad I hardly knew my own name, but once I could get out of bed the first stop was the balcony and a pack of Luckies. It had gotten to the point that I had developed a solid two pack a day habit, and one morning sitting on the balcony smoking I thought to myself "Goddamn, I sure spend a lot of time smoking". Not killing myself, not wasting money, both of which are / were valid reasons on their own, but just smoking. So I decided to stop. Spend that time doing things that are actually productive, like rearranging my sock drawer, playing the guitar, things of that nature. 

Being currently employed in a field that, every now and then, exposes one to the "perils" of the entertainment industry (backstages, tour buses etc.), it has been hard. The thing that makes me the happiest, though, is, that I am slowly getting to the point that I find the smell of regular cigarettes repugnant. I mean I'm not quite there yet, but getting there. Bizarrely, I still like hanging out with people that smoke, because somehow being around them and experiencing the full splendor of their reeking selves reinforces the mindset that I don't want to be (/smell/taste) like that anymore when I get home to my girlfriend. A sentiment she seems to appreciate as well.

Sorry for the rambling post, just had the feeling I have to unload somewhere. Also had a couple of drams of whiskey, so yeah, that may factor in here as well. 

Quite proud of myself, even if I say so myself. 17 years of smoking is a damn long time (at least for a 33 year old), and old habits die hard.

Oh yeah, the quotation marks in the beginning. I can't say that I've been completely smoke-free, since I did partake in a really nice Honduran cigar a couple of weeks ago, on account of becoming a godfather. But other than that, cold turkey*. Hopefully for good.

Thanks for reading.

*So, what? A warm-ish turkey? Whatever. A turkey is a turkey.