Trying to finalise quitting smoking in my head.. please help!

I am trying so hard to quit smoking and I have been trying for so long (3+ years) that I feel that this is the main thing that causes me stress and impacts my while life. The struggle I face every time I fail makes me feel more worthless and that I have spent all that time and effort and it has taken my thoughts and actions away from focusing on living life. This is creating so much stress in my life it is impacting all other areas in my life as I am constantly focusing on quiting smoking I am stuck in at a point where I can't find the solution and so feel like I am missing out on being the present person I want to be I want to stop and feel completely lost as my focus is constantly on quitting if you can help me with this PLEASE HELP..

I think it's the feeling that I can't seem to finalise the decision in my head even though I really look forward to the person I will be as a nonsmoker as I really don't feel it's me. It doesn't fit with my lifestyle and who I am as a person, as I am someone who is active and healthy in every other area of my life. I look forward to my kids having a less stressed mum and more time focused on them and doing the things I love.

I have tried champix (which gave me depression) zyban,  hypnosis, laser therapy, nicotine replacement, e cigarettes, read countless books and am continuing to work with cbt and affirmations I know I will get there but just don't know how to finalise that part of my life. The longest I went was 2 weeks after reading Allen Carr's book I've read it over and over and it helped with my fear but couldn't quite get there also read Gillian Riley how to stop and stay stopped for good which has been the biggest help and I continue to read and follow but now I just feel stuck!!!

I have reset my quit date to 8:30am on Thursday 29th September and I don't want to fail this time!! I am hoping that writing it all out here and putting the plan in place will help to give me that finalization in my head  I know it's a long post but I had to get it out