If I had to give one piece of advice to people who want to quit -- through my story

Here we are, 28 days later, and I must say it was kind of easy thus far.

Well, at least, easier than it would have been under certain conditions.

Hear me out.

I was not a long-time smoker. 2-2.5 years tops. I'm in my 20s so I guess it was easier for me to stop when it was still time. However, I was kind of a heavy smoker. I started with a pack every three weeks but rapidly got to smoke 1.5 pack a day. I was in a smoking-friendly environment. Which triggered my craving even more. My best friends were smokers. So, all the conditions were here to make me smoke more and more and more.

Currently enrolled in a master's degree program, I realised smoking helped me to *forget* my emotional feelings. If I was stressed, I would light up a smoke. If I was disappointed, I'd light up a smoke. If I was broke, dude, can you spare me a smoke?

I didn't like the person I'd become. Clothes reeking cold smoke, bad breath, begging for a cigarette to friends, ...

But it is not socially inacceptable to smoke where I live. It is more part of a social activity. I enjoyed this social acitivity. Having a smoke at the 10am break over a cup of coffee is awesome but then it leads to the 2am smoke when you can't sleep. Unhealthy way of living.

Fortunately, I turned my life over.

And this is one of the secrets to stop smoking: turn your life over so you avoid encountering situations that will trigger the need to smoke.

I actually don't think I was craving nicotine *per se*. Alright, smokers ARE hooked on nicotine, but this addiction lies in the fact that you associate the act of smoking with good times/habits. When I think of my 10am break with my friends. Makes me want to light one. When I think of the afterwork cigarette over a beer, still with my friends. Still makes me want to light one.

But I avoid these situations. But how? 

I'm lucky to have moved to a different country for a couple of months as part of an internship. As everything was new to me, everything I did couldn't be associated to a smoking habit, which made it way easier to stop cold turkey.

That's why I'd advise people who want to stop, or people who are having difficulties to stop, to change things in their life. It will probably lead to drastic measures, such as moving elsewhere, quitting your job, whatever, but I feel like it is the easiest way to stop.

I feel like starting something fresh, something new, truly helps quitting what was once our beloved smoke.

Going to a new school? Time to quit.
Having a special someone in life? Time to quit?
A big event in your life? Time to quit.

If your life stays the same over and over, you'll never find the motivation to quit or worse, you will light one after weeks of being smoke-free. 

Habits have to be the black sheep of wannabe-quitters. Substitute existing habits with something else, healthier, preferably.

KILL THAT HABIT. START SOMETHING NEW AND APPLY SOME CHANGES IN YOUR LIFE.

I understand it can be difficult but I felt like sharing this piece of advice.

However, I'm dreading going back to my country and be among my friends -who are heavy smokers. That's why I still need your support. Any other piece of advice is welcome as to overcome going back to my old habits again.

Have a great day.

Cheers.