I've tried everything.

I feel like I've tried literally every type of quit method several times. Cold turkey, nicotine replacement therapy, calling, patches, gum, all the different quit smoking medication. Even medication that is used off label for medication. Quit smoking apps, helplines. I also was recently  (only two months ago) diagnosed with adhd. The medication I'm on has made me more determined to quit and better able to stick to a routine. But no matter what i do I just can't nail this addiction on the head and give up for good. It always sneaks back in. I live with my girlfriend and she smokes too but she isn't really as intent on quitting as I am. I feel if she quit with me it would be easier but it's hard to convince her. I'm also aware that stimulants such as caffeine and adhd medication make it harder for some people to quit smoking but I feel in my case at least being on stimulants is actually beneficial in helping me quit. Here's what I'm basically looking for: I'm right now about to have my last cigarette ever again. And I'm going to go cold turkey again afterward. As I found this has been the method I've gone the longest without smoking in the past even if it has been the most tortuous and has caused the most side effects and withdrawal symptoms. Would you advice I take a different route? My psychologists has said that I have a problem with rules, and if I want to achieve something positive, I should focus on my goals I want to achieve and avoid setting rules for myself such as "don't smoke". I do hate being told what to do and I always break rules but I also feel I need SOME rules cause I will find loopholes if allowed. I don't know what to do at this point. 

TLDR: If anyone can give me any help at all I'd really appreciate it? I have adhd, I've tried everything to quit smoking and don't know what to do now. I'm determined to quit. I've attempted to stop smoking literally over 1000 times since I started smoking 3 years ago. Every time I quit, I inevitably end up failing and  smoking again. I seem to smoke more then ever before, after each quit attempt. I can't keep ruining my health like this please help.