Tips on stopping to smoke

Hey yall

I stopped smoking about 6 months ago. Since it was by far not my first try and I therefore know how hard it can be, I decided to summarize my successful approach in case it helps anyone :)

1. Inform yourself about every negative aspect of smoking and realize that your lungs start burning after very little physical activities. Remeber that even though you probably don‘t notice it anymore, your clothes smell awful. With these thoughts, I really became unhappy with my habit. 

2. Set a date that is within maybe a moth or two. With that, I had a date set in stone, but it was away far enough so that I could still relax at first. 

3. (This is why 2 is important) - tell all your friends and family! While waiting for the date I set for myself, I told all of my friends, my family and some coworkers. This has two benefits. Most importantly you get emotional support from them. But it also, whenever I was just inches away from starting again, I reminded myself of how I would dissapoint all of them. 

4. Don‘t hesitate to buy a new carton shortly before the set date. I bought a carton the evening before I stopped, because I was running low. Had I not bought it, I probably wouldn‘t have stopped, since I wouldn‘t have kept my date. In the end I just smoked about five cigarettes of the new carton, and gave the rest to a friend. 

5. Buy nicotine products like chewing gum in advance. Even though none of them will give you the satisfaction you get from a cigarette, it will drastically reduce your urge to smoke. 

6. Keep the set date. Whatever happens, stick to what you planned. 

7. Stay tough. Whenever you‘re in front of a gas station, thinking about buying a carton, think of everyone you told about your plans. If that‘s not enough, call them and let them tell you not to do it. 

8. Prepare to be tired all the time. For about three weeks after stopping, I could literally go to sleep after being awake for only about 10 hours. For me this was worse than the nicotine withdrawl. However, after those three weeks I felt stronger than ever, since I felt that the hardest part was over. 

I hope this may help some of you, and if you try my methods, please keep me posted :)