Need help figuring out the initial portion

I have "successfully" quit twice in my life. That is, I've quit for &gt;= 1 year twice, but went back because "one cigar won't hurt," which led to me buying a box of cigars, a pack of cigarettes, or (my very favorite) a can of chew the next day.

The first time I quit thanks to patches. The second time, it was vaping that got me there.

I am vaping right now (went from chewing (90-120mg/day) to smoking (80mg/day) to vaping (15-25mg/day)), and really want to quit for myself, for various reasons, in particular being that I had a cancer scare this summer and I enjoy jiu jitsu but can't do it while smoking. I recall from times when I quit before that the initial time frame (first week to maybe a month, depending how quickly I stepped down to 0), I went straight into depression-land pretty hard. I also understand that when I'm depressed, I'm a turbo douche, which is bad in its own right, but it also actively alienates people from me, which only serves to sabotage my efforts, since social ties and reinforcement is so critical (at least for me?) to getting clean.

I wonder, how can I finally get past it for good? Granted, there are two parts to it:
1. the initial time frame, and
2. the later "just this once" part.

The latter part, I'm not excessively concerned about right now, because that's a bridge I'll need to figure out how to cross when the time comes. Right now, I'm super concerned about the former part, because I have a tendency when quitting toward depression and douchey behavior (which is a personality issue I need to figure out separately, perhaps?). I also battle heavily against seasonal depression in the Winter, which compounds the issue, but again, I want to stop slowly killing myself.

&amp;nbsp;

How can I actually quit this time and get past the first week or month? Additionally, should I just end it cold turkey and try to figure out what that means to shorten the time or should I step down somehow, extending the bad times but ideally making them slightly less bad? I'm really just at a complete loss. All I know is that I hate being addicted to nicotine but hate the darkness that comes (for a short time) thereafter even more.