15 months quit smoking, two weeks quit vaping. Hanging in there! :)

I'm roughly 15 months quit smoking cigarettes and now two week quit vaping. 

Long time lurker, sometimes-commenter, new-ish poster :) Man, this sub is awesome! You guys are awesome. You mightn't have known it, but you guys were there for me when I quit the cigarettes and now you're here for me again when I've quit vaping. Instead of struggling with the cravings I come here and learn about all your journeys and by the time I've read a few posts my cravings have subsided. It's awesome :) 

I know people say to step down the nicotine when quitting vaping but I just couldn't do it anymore. I was so sick of being chained to something, being addicted to something, being held back by something, that two weeks ago I put down my vape and didn't pick it up again. I'm not saying it was easy - it was bloody hard and some days still is. But it's done now. In my opinion, quitting vaping is tricky. When I quit smoking I hated the smell, the taste, all of it and I was happy to let that go. Vaping though - it is socially acceptable to a degree, it smells and tastes a hell of a lot better too, so in some ways for me it was harder to quit vaping. But meh - done now. :) 

I still had the withdrawals, the cravings, the moments of insanity like I did when I quit smoking. But two weeks tomorrow - they are getting less and less. But I don't know if I would have been as successful quitting smoking if I didn't pick up the vape - a double edged sword I guess. 

There was a post a while back from a redditor I thought was exceptional - wish I'd saved it. Every time I have a craving I think 'piss off, you little bastard' and move on. Accepting the craving for what it was - the dying voice of a nasty addiction - helped a lot.

I'm done with this addiction. 

Now... To lose the extra couple of kilos that managed to sneak on... :) 

To anyone out there struggling - you CAN do this. No one way of quitting is better/easier - pick what works for you and make it happen. You'll be so proud of yourself when you do. Yes - it's hard. But so worth it :) 