Five days smoke free. Lots of thoughts both good and bad.

I feel as if this might be therapeutic to write out, but I finally bit the bullet and had my last cigarette last Saturday at midnight.

I had been a casual smoker throughout college, but picked up the habit big time when I went to rehab for an eating disorder. Smoking helped me branch out and become more social in treatment, as the group of girls who smoked were people I bonded with during our breaks. It was so therapeutic as I couldn't engage in any other vices. I intended to quit when I came back, but started again after about a week or two on nicroette when I went into a step down program. Again, smoking became both a social and coping activity. 

I stopped around this time last year and switched to vaping, which was great. I had the occasional cigarette, but never went back into full force. Then my vape broke, I went through a traumatic event, and started smoking again and never stopped. To make matters worse, I found out my boss smoked. Spending most of my days with him just upped how much I smoked and made me hide it less. Before I knew it I was up to 3/4 a pack a day, sometimes more. I kept saying my habit was okay as my health was in check and I didn't really inhale that much. 

Then I met my boyfriend. My boyfriend doesn't use tobacco in any forms. Previous guys I dated dipped, so they couldn't really argue against me smoking. But he really hates me smoking, and I hate that it's a turn off for him. Once we got closer to becoming official, I decided to stop for good and set my quit date for last Saturday. 

It's been so fucking hard. Most days are okay, but when I'm on my ADHD medication, I really crave em. They mellow me out and make the vyvanse high so much more enjoyable. I really only smoked when I drove. Getting in the car and not lighting up is so tough. It's  really the whole action of smoking that I miss. 

I keep coming up with crazy logic to allow me to smoke. "You can smoke when you drink" or "you can smoke on long car rides" or "you can smoke if someone offers you one, you just can't buy your own." But I know it's a slippery slope and I need to just stay away from it all together. 

I've contemplated going to vaping on a low or zero nicotine level. But that gets just as expensive as smoking, and god I felt so douchey while doing it. Which is funny because I never felt the same way about how I looked when I smoked. Smoking made me feel like I was cool in someways, even though I know that's just the nicotine speaking. I don't look like a smoker, I'm a young, attractive, female professional. Smoking made me feel like I had some sort of "edge." I was almost proud of smoking sometimes, like a teenager who thinks it makes them cool. 

I've started exercising again. My boyfriend is really into physical fitness, and I've used the opportunity to give us an activity to do together occasionally. Yesterday I decided to step on a treadmill for the first time in over two years. I just started sprinting. I ran a mile in 8:11. I never thought I was a good runner, but I just kept going, pushing myself harder. It was a stupid move, my shins are arcing today, but I was so impressed at what I could do. 

Of course my immediate thought was "hell, I haven't done any damage to my lungs! Smoking clearly wasn't that bad for me!" 

I'm hoping it gets better. I'm scared as fuck because my appetite is high and it's causing me to have old ED thoughts. I'm worried that I'll turn exercising as a coping mechanism into over exercising like I did in the past. I foolishly want to smoke again in hopes that it keeps me from relapsing with ED behavior. 

So yeah, lots of thoughts at play. Sorry for the total stream of consciousness, I just have to get this out there. I'm proud of myself for making it five days smoke free this far. I have nicotine gum which is really helping. Some days I hate the gum because it makes me nauseous, but I'm hoping that will just get me off nicotine for good. My boss quit with me too, and we're working to keep each other accountable. 

I'm hoping this gets better. I just want to take it day by day. 