A thoughtful review on switching to JUUL

I want to say up front that I have no communication or relationship with Juul. I discovered it last year when a friend let me try their Juul at a music festival. The hit was so different that I immediately bought one but subsequently moved to Europe for 6 months, where I was unable to get Juul pods, so I put it aside and kept smoking cigarettes. 

When I moved back from Europe (after an especially indulgent and beautiful stint in Amsterdam) I decided that I was going to quit smoking cigarettes. The transition and being back around friends and family was  a natural motivation to quit – but I didn't think I could go full turkey so I decided to switch to the Juul. 

Let me start out by saying that the hit from the Juul is completely different from cigarettes. As someone who identifies with having an inclination for addictive behavior, I immediately became fascinated with the entire Juul experience. The immediate disassociation with smoking and the smell, the shame, the complication of it all is amazing. I didn't have to worry about getting my fix around people who would disapprove of my habit. And at the same time, the hit is strong – it provides this momentary lapse of focus and relaxation. It's strange to explain if you haven't tried it.

Sounds great right? But immediately I recognized this as the downside as well. I could smoke anytime. I didn't have to wait for breaks to go outside or opportune moments to enjoy a cigarette. Almost a disadvantage – I  didn't have to create moments to step outside and appreciate the outside world, meet strangers, etc. – all the things I love about smoking.

I'll say that I typically smoked about a pack a week or 5 days. Not heavy by my gauge. I enjoyed a beer and a smoke, a social cigarette, the end of the night cigarette. This certainly fluctuated and was higher at times, but for the most part that was my speed.

Anyway, it's been 2 months since I've been back in the US and I'm proud to say that I haven't had a cigarette or even felt the need/craving for a cigarette. That's my biggest surprise – I don't miss the smell, I don't miss the judgement and the Juul completely satisfies that need for a certain kick throughout the day. I mostly regard it as a great replacement. I appreciate the design of the Juul and the thought that went into building it / creating a great device. But I'm also aware of its constant presence in my life now. 

With the Juul, they say that one pod is equal to one pack. I easily smoke one pod a day now. It's constantly in my pocket or hand – or within reach. I find myself continuously clicking the pod in and out of the device, to get rid of the air bubbles around the wick so that it will deliver a stronger hit (which probably also decreases the duration of the pod). It's fucking expensive! I mean, they're geniuses for creating an addictive product – but each Juul pod pack (4 pods) costs at least $20-$25 where I am. I tried switching to third party pods this week after discovering they exist but they didn't deliver the same hit or the same satisfaction – the plastic, the form, everything about it was off compared to the original pods for me. I actually went a day without smoking because I liked it so much less (which gives me hope I can quit completely).

So that's that. I'm happy I've quit cigarettes and found an alternative. I'm worried I've found a more addicting and expensive habit in turn. Would love to know other people's thoughts and experiences with it!