#1. How to get over feeling like a vegetable/brain fog & daytime sleepiness while in school? Exams coming up! Quit smoking = pass school at same time advice? #2. Do you ever get back and maybe even improve on the mental sharpness & mojo you deceivingly had from nicotine exposure?

I've made it over to the 5 day mark after 2 packs a day for many years straight but my oh my, what a price to pay for the years masked over. 

As idiotic as this sounds, I have to know : will I be as mentally sharp without the nicotine? I have no idea if nicotine itself had effects to where I am use to that cognitive side and wonder if that molded my personality. My entire social life revolved around smoking (e.g. day to night, interactions, on the telephone)

I feel like a damn vegetable and definitely not myself. I realize this is the most common outcome for many but wanted to add my experience to the sample size to say how true it is! 

Figuratively speaking, I feel like I just lost half my intelligence and maybe all of my mojo once had with cigarettes. I know it's a facade to associate my life and cognitive functions to cigarettes. I'm just wondering how it will be now. Am I going to behave differently to people? Not be able to think as I once did? I've been avoiding human contact over the past days to minimize a few knee-jerk triggers to light up.
 
To add onto problems none of us should ever have, but here some of us are in however which way our addictions latched onto us... school. School is school and so what we all are studying is equally important. Hope portions of this topic helps others in either part time or full time school, just started...

Exam's week is coming up and then there's class attendance I have to deal with - missed 3 days and have been replacing them with sleeping-in to avoid the urges and/or just not feeling my self. I don't know if it was a natural reaction but I sure feel sleepier and more depressed as if everything is off about me. Obviously it's the cigarette cessation and what an affect it is.

I tried to do my textbook assignments but just kept rereading the same paragraph over and over. Coursework is piling up in the 300+ pages behind and I'd like to somehow plow through this - would love to hear how to tough it up or techniques on getting into the mental groove. 

So many points shared here that were obviously scattered - perhaps some parts resonate more with others. 

Some of my classmates have said to get into the vaping or just quit when exams are over but those are going to be just an endless cycle of the same things I'm experiencing now. This is the longest I've gone free from smoking alongside using any nicotine alternatives (failed every time) and I just want to be done with all the b.s. 