It's not easy. But that hard parts are unexpected. Musings of pack a day smoker after 4days quit.

I always knew I loved smoking. I always knew it was a big part of how I defined myself. I always said… I’ll quit when I get pregnant. People were okay with that. Then I found my husband.  He has never pressured me, never pushed. We met in training in the air force. We never expected to marry, so I was candid.  I explained how much I was looking forward to that first cigarette after basic, and how much I loved the act of smoking, it was something noble to me then… in a way it still is. 

He never questioned, he married me and allowed me every pleasure of smoking in our little life together. I smoke while we sit on the couch and watch movies, I smoke in the bath tub, I smoke while I cook, I smoke on our adorable little porch, I smoke in our bed… when the time is right. I have a collection of wonderful ashtrays that take up an entire shelf.
 
But there comes a time when it doesn’t feel right. And that has been only VERY recently. It’s not because of something he did or any change in my habits, just maybe because we are older. I cough more in the middle of the night, so much sometimes that I have to get out of bed and smoke a cig to stop the coughing.  I’m 25 now, we want to have babies someday soon and he has this little subconscious cough when I smoke around him. The last thing I want is to hurt him with my very loved habit.  But smoking is so close to my heart. 

I started smoking at 14, it was a reward, and then it became a very loved habit. I never tried to quit. I made it very clear to people that would try to convince me, that I would not quit, without a very good reason. Like a baby inside me. I felt self-entitled about my smoking. It was a very personal decision and I wanted to continue it.  No one had any power to stop me. I wasn’t mean or pushy, but their wishes had no impact whatsoever. I knew the facts, and I am young, life goes on and everyone has to die somehow. I would rather die doing something I love than quit and die from something stupid like a car crash or my house leaking carbon monoxide.  But now, with my persistent cough and the poor husband that I subject to this, I felt… (very quietly) that the time may be right.

To be sure, I have never tried to quit before. I have always been too proud of this habit and this part of me. It’s not a pride of I SMOKE but a pride that says to all of those people that are so damn afraid of it… Fuck you…
And now I find myself, a pack a day smoker, for almost 10 years, three days without a cigarette and not quite knowing what to do with myself.
 
I’m finding so many things that cigarettes have to do with my life that in the last ten years I haven’t really realized. A cigarette helps me to celebrate victories and commemorate losses; it helps me to feel greater joy after a delicious meal or an orgasm. It introduces me to people I would never have met outside a bar or that dorm room 7 years ago. My friends, my choices, my expectations, my life would have been different if I were not a smoker. But the biggest impact of my smoking is the small times, it’s when I’m reading a book and thinking … damn a cigarette would be great right now. When, like earlier tonight, I took the first bath I have in 10 years without a cigarette, a bath is the best place for one. It’s little places, little things. 

I will be able to meet people, I will be able to go on with my life without smoking. But I’m not sure how I will punctuate my life. For the last decade, my life has been punctuated by cigarettes and now I sit without something signifying the start or end or the brightest part of my day.  And I find after 3 days without a cig that that is the hardest part. My life feels grey. It feels like one big blob just melding into itself. Nothing to demarcate greatness or separate small triumphs. Just a life… ongoing. 

It will get better, you all say it will. And I believe you. But for now to be quite honest, it feels like a whole lot of boring. Just full of nothing. I don’t know why smoking made me feel less boring, especially because I was doing it alone most of the time.. But without it I feel bored. And a little like a traitor to my roots. I love smoking, and I sure miss it. I don’t want to quit but I know it’s time. So here I go. Tomorrow is day four, and I will keep going on. If for no other reason than to prove myself wrong. I can do it. I know that. 
