I stupidly decided to social smoke at a wedding this weekend, ended up buying a second pack straight after. Not worth it at all.

Other than this weekend I had quit for 2 years, but I stupidly bought a pack because I was nervous about being at a wedding and meeting lots of family I hadn't seen in years. I also expected everyone else to be smoking there in the evening. But ironically barely anyone was. So in a sense I had isolated myself from everyone else at multiple points in the evening because I was thinking everyone would be outside smoking and talking eventually. Instead it was just me and a few others. I only noticed about 10 people who smoked that night in which I only personally knew 1. Barely 10&amp;#37; of all who attended that night.

The worst part though is I had practically chain smoked since the night before the wedding because I was nervous and without realizing I had finished a pack of 20 by the end of the wedding night, I thought to myself.. 'oh well, that's that then. No more smoking.' but the following day after a long tedious journey home I was craving a cigarette at the same intensity that I had 2 years prior. So a second incredibly stupid decision was made to buy another pack and only smoke 1 and bin the rest. (This was something I used to do a lot when trying to quit years ago, it don't ever work) I just wanted that final smoke so that I could be done with it. Before I knew it another day had pasted and I have in total smoked 40 cigarettes in 3 days.

This is when I realized how dangerous even social smoking is, I don't mean that from a health perspective, we all know the negatives of smoking which other than this weekend I have taken very seriously since trying to quit, what's truly dangerous here is if you're a previous full time smoker it becomes apparent how easy it is to start again from just a single cigarette or wrong mindset.

Long after my physical addiction to smoking stopped 2 years ago I still have the physiological addiction of wanting to smoke when others do, I probably will my entire life. when I initially started smoking I enjoyed it by myself (or so i thought at the time) as well as around others. Now I don't, infact as I write this my throat feels like sandpaper and my chest is tight. It's clear how toxic this shit is for us yet amazing how easy we fool ourselves into coming back to it. 

Whoever is reading, seriously don't social smoke. Don't even keep a pack in your room/house, the sheer idea that I could see a pack sat next to me or near me was enough to prompt me to go outside and smoke.

Time to quit *again*, but with the intention of now never picking up a cigarette again for life, regardless of the social cues.