Acceptance - Day 13

Hey Redditors,

I just wanted to share this little post, whether it would be to help a fellow quitter or even to inspire someone to start. 

I'll be turning 21 this September, and have been using Nicotine since 2013. I took it in the form of a bong, (popper hits, packing tobacco before the weed). It's a headrush like no other, and calls in with wide arms anybody with an addictive personality. About 5 months I made the choice I wanted to quit, it was consuming my life. My heartrate was out of control, anxiety was through the roof, I despised going out, I couldn't eat. 

I planned a trip with my friends to go to the States at the end of April. I knew I wanted to quit since the start of the year. At the start of April, I told myself the day before I leave, will be the last day I ever touch Nicotine. 

I used to be insanely addicted, taking hits within minutes of waking up, before every meal, family/friend function - probably like most of you reading. What I'm trying to say is I accepted myself quitting before I even tried to quit. I made a plan, and executed it. I knew my mind wouldn't be wandering for ciggs in another country until I was on the flight back, but that gave me a 4 day head start on quitting. 

Today marks Day 13 without any Nicotine in my system. The longest break I've had away from it in the past 5 years was probably 2-3 days. Days 7-9 were probably the hardest. Sweats, bad dreams and headaches. As to how I felt on Nicotine, I'm now breathing better, eating properly, and my anxiety has clearly lessened.

I'm posting this to let you know that each day we wake up, we power through it to the next one. No matter how our body feels, unless we're hit by a car the odds are we're making it back to our bed tonight. Push through and accept your current state, plan a quitting process and execute it. If you're not ready mentally, you will not be physically. I'm literally writing this with fluctuating body temperatures from the withdrawals. The thought alone of how good it will feel to have this out my system has me powering through all urges. 

Resist. Execute. Live.

Day 13 out, I hope to return when I have some months to my name :)