Around three months nowadays! If I can do it- you can too.

My parents were smoking all their life. Mother died of lung cancer at 56. Typical smokers cancer too. I can go into details- squamous cell lung cancer. One of the ones you just can get more often if you smoke. Squamous lung cancers are very rare in non- smokers. She smoked up until maybe three days before she died. Never acknowledged it was from cigarettes. Of course it was. Fast forward around half a year after she died I am chain-smoking as always. I have been a smoker for 11 years, at least one pack a day. Completely addicted. Smoking more than anyone around me, looking for where I can smoke where smoking is restricted. I am a fucking idiot, is what I thought. One day I woke up with a hangover, first thing I think in the morning is a cigarette. Five cigarettes. To go with the coffee. I just quit that [day](https://day.My). My chest hurt, I felt sick- and I just felt there was no way I can take a smoke and promptly decided I would quit right then and there, still had 15 cigarettes left from the previous night out. I was sick of always taking smoke breaks, always smelling like smoke no matter the amount of nice smelling shampoo and perfume I used. So I figured- if I am sick of taking breaks and adjusting my seating in the apartment or running around the airport looking for a smokers lounge, all I really need is a nicotine substitute and I will be fine, right? I was. And I will recommend it to anyone. Nicorette spray saved my life. I only used two packages of it during these 3 months I am a non-smoker, which is (in nicotine) maybe around 10 packs of cigarettes. But jesus I had no trouble quitting with this stuff. It took the urge away pretty much right away. Until there was no urge. The addiction weaned off like it should. It worked well during drinking times, or sitting on parties with people who smoked. Try something with nicotine- spray is the only thing that worked for me. Just do it religiously, it is there to stop you from smoking. And it works. For me at least. I have some of the second can left now, just if I really feel the urge. Keeps me safe. Good luck folks and believe me, if I can do it you can do it. 