Can't get beyond 2/3 days

Sorry for the long text, I just needed to put it out there.

Hey guys, I've posted here before about half a year ago. And I really appreciate what you all have done for me back than, since I was in a very bad state.
Just to clarify something about myself: I have had severe depression for about 10 years now (I am almost 26) and I've been smoking since I am 14.

I have quit numerous times where the longest was about 3 weeks but that is years ago. The last year I have tried to quit probably 50 times.
The last month I have quit I would say 4 times. My problem is that I quit for 1 but mostly 2, 2 and 1/2 days and I give in.

What happens is that I get an existential crises. I think why would I make my life even harder and deepen my depression by stopping smoking? Life is pointless anyway and I should at least do what I like. The thing that I don't even feel that bad mostly when I quit. My sleep is kinda bad and my digestive system too, but I am mostly hopeful and start exercising. I feel good that I am engaging in something good.

What I might should point out is too, is that I mostly want to quit for vanity reasons. I was a very pretty girl in my early twenties. I would wake up and look amazing. Now I wake up and I always have huge under eye bags and dark circles. My pores are incredibly visible and I started getting wrinkles on my knees ( also because I do nothing all day).

Other factors are that I am scared to go places or do things because I know I will get out of breath or look terrible when I engage in physical activities (get red in the face, swear heaps).
And all I think about when I smoke is how everything will be better if I would stop smoking. The thing is, when I do stop, I don't have this to look forward and nothing that occupies my mind as much as this topic did. So I think I am losing a bit of myself when I quit and I would rather go to the state of being how I was before because that is what I know.

I don't know guys. I don't know if you can help me, I think I just needed to tell this someone, because it is all too embarrassing to tell people I know.

Thank you for reading though if you have.