Dear Cigarettes,

[TL;DR: I quit.]

Dear Cigarettes,

I remember when we first met in that liquor store. You were cloves back then. Exotic, spicy. Then there was week of spring break and all that flavor experimentation, and I think it was your vanilla that got me hooked. 

Eventually, instead of just a cool friend to party with you became a constant companion. I started taking you everywhere and thought you weren't so bad: a good excuse to get a break from a group or crowd, since those are awkward anyway; a way to deal with boredom and a mind-numbing job; a comfort in the bad times; a great friend in the good times. But it started to be too much. You became bossy. Tyrannical at times. You'd never leave me alone, even in the middle of the night. You became... suffocating.

You also became expensive. I have no exact calculation of the money I've spent on you over the past 12 years but it would be enough to buy that new truck I need but have been putting off due to lack of finances. But even more importantly, I'm worried about my health. You had me convinced when I was 19 that there's nothing to worry about, that cures would be found by then, or I'd quit before anything serious would happen. Now that I am getting older, I realize that we can't hang out like we used to. It's been fun but I am just too afraid of ultimately getting hurt. The doctor's office scenario has played in my head many times and it scares me every time, and I know I could never forgive myself if I allowed that to become my future. 

Furthermore, you know that I've been putting off going to visit family because I wouldn't let you come along, but those times are over. I'll be able to go see family and friends and be myself around them, and not have to hide smoke smells with febreeze, or soothe the incessant cravings with gum.  You've been holding me back in this way and in so many other ways for some time now and I'm finally telling you it ends today.

I know I'll miss you, and will say I want you back but I'm prepared to deal with it, knowing that you're just a habit. You're just a needy voice in my head that has been easier to pacify than to stand up to and see you for what you really are, which is a time waster, a health drainer, a crutch, a liability, and I'm pretty sure you've affected my dog's health too. He never liked you but tolerated you because I'd always keep you around. I allowed you to hurt him, and as such will live with that guilt the rest of my life.

Even as I write this I question my commitment but I know it's the right thing to do, and my life will be better without you. I am not sad, but hopeful in writing this. It is the good-bye I needed to tell you, the cathartic closure to a messed up relationship that I allowed to go on for way too long. As for you, unfortunately I know you'll find someone else who will love you, but for all the wrong reasons, just like I did. I can only hope that whoever that will be doesn't fall for you as hard as I did.

Make no mistake, I won't be crawling back to you, or seeking you out during the lonely, stressful, or celebratory times, or even at the end of a long day as I watch the sunset. No more fishing or road trips. I'll still do them but I need to do them without you. I'll do more hiking too, something you were never too fond of, and my life will be better for it. I will repair relationships and be more confident, knowing that I won't be judged for associating myself with you.

I refuse to allow you to do any more damage to my bank account, life, health, relationships, social life, professional life, and mental state. The only way that can happen is for us to never be together again. You won't tempt me into rewarding myself; I won't give in after so long because I deserve one, nor rationalize having even one drag thinking that will be it. You've snuck back into my life too many times and I need you gone for good.

This is it; it's final; we're done. Goodbye.

Sincerely,
NakedHockey.

PS tell your friends MJ and soda they're next.