It's been over a year and I can't believe it has gone by so quickly.

I've stopped smoking for over a year. I clearly remember being glued to this sub for maybe the first month or two. It was hell, I am not going to lie. It was dreadful and the most painful experience I've ever gone through. But it's all worth it. To those of you planning to quit or have recently quit, I have some words of advice:


1. Do be mindful of your pain. Yes, you are in pain and would like to light one up right now. That is natural and to be honest, I still think about having a cigarette. But the key is awareness and mindful. Be mindful that you want to smoke one and accept it as being natural. In this state of mind, you have a decision. You can either light one up or choose not to. All the times you choose not to smoke, you realize that you are in control and this becomes a motivating factor. 

2. Understand your triggers. Every time you'd like a cigarette, stop to think about why. What is it in that exact moment, made you want to light up? Was it the autumn breeze? Identify these triggers, make a decision not to smoke and actually don't smoke. The next time you face this trigger, you will actually not think about smoking. This is much credit to Alan Carr's book. 

3. Don't kill yourself if you slip. I've met many people (including myself in the past) that have failed. They smoked one and said fck it, I'm a loser so I might as well smoke anyway. Well, every minute that goes by without you smoking counts for something. Just admit that you fcked up but don't attack yourself over it. Just put it out and start over. 

4. The pain does go away. I still have it now and then but I may think of smoking say, once a week. At this point, it will be impossible for you not to think about it. But before you know it, it will go. That time varies, from person to person. But at the end of the day it will inevitably come. For me, I believe it was around month 4. 

5. Stop drinking and doing other drugs, if you can. 

6. Reread Alan Carr's book or watch other videos, listen to podcasts. Really, how you convince your brain is more than half the battle. 

7. Meditate if you can. While I was quitting smoking, I had some violent mood swings. And then I got some other sickness that messed with my hormones. Damn, it was rough. But meditating helps. You can find a whole bunch of meditation apps or videos. I took a very (secular) Buddhist approach in meditating that really helped with my mindfulness. I think this has made me a much, much better person. 

8. You got this. It's ok to doubt yourself from time to time. It's perfectly natural to think that you can't do it. But deep down inside, you know you're not going to give in. I know you got this. 

9. I respect you for quitting. So you should respect yourself too.

10. And I love you and please, love yourself. And I know you've quit because you do. 

Thank you!