Fuck being nice.

Let me preface this rant by saying that I love this sub. Anything that helps people quit tobacco is great. 

The only problem is that most people around here are too nice. Smokers are, by nature, assholes. They willingly engage in an activity that will not only kill them, but could potentially kill people who simply happen to be standing by them. They're arrogant, selfish, assholes. They know the statistics. They know that the tobacco industry is a consumer-funded genocide machine. They are stupid, mindless slaves. 

How do I know? I was one. I was the "oh well, something's gotta kill ya" guy. What a fucking jerk. Once a day, I paid a store clerk 6 dollars to kill myself. On top of that, I dipped too. If I was awake, I was ingesting nicotine.  Need something to motivate you? Don't look at lung cancer pictures, or read stories of people getting COPD at 30. Those won't matter. Smokers are too arrogant to care. The real motivation comes when you realize that you are a slave. You are a slave to corporations that are laughing at you. They are laughing at you as they kill you, while getting rich in the process. 

And I know what you're saying to yourself. "Dude, fuck off. Quitting smoking is hard. If someone fails, we should just encourage them to try again." And I get that attitude, but there's no accountability in that approach. Respect yourself enough not to cave.  The first week is hell, the second is purgatory. You'll get pissed, then sad, then pissed, then nostalgic. And then, something really cool will happen: You'll move on. Occasionally, you may still think of cigarettes from time to time, but it won't be the same. It'll be more like the way you think of that crazy ex you had back in college that poked holes in your condoms and tried to fight your grandmother at Thanksgiving. My point? It'll get easier. It'll get easier and better in ways you can't even think of during the first couple weeks. Things you think you can't do without smoking become routine without it. I don't even think about smoking when I drive anymore, a notion that I would have sworn was impossible 2 months ago. 

Early on in my quit, someone told me this simple phrase that has turned out to be one of the most accurate portrayals of quitting tobacco. "It'll suck until it doesn't." And that sums everything up. 

Get mad, and hold yourself accountable. The minute you start thinking "well shit, (enter bullshit excuse here), one won't hurt." You're done. Lock yourself back in the shackles and enjoy slavery. Wake up each morning, and quit. Just for today. Can I tell you that I'll never have another cigarette? Nope. Will I have one today? Absolutely not for any reason.  No one can do ANYTHING forever. But you can do it for a day. Wake up, quit, repeat. 

"Quitting smoking is easy, just stop buying cigarettes." 

-addict