5 days free :-)

I've quit twice before for over a year and both of those times were really, really hard. Crying, rage, wanting nothing more in the world than a damn ciggarette. 

This time feels different. Last time there was something at the back of my mind saying "i dont believe this will be my last cigarette ever". Deep down I knew that I would allow myself one on a rare occassion if I really, really wanted one. The image that kept coming to mind was imagining myself on a tropical beach on vacation, with a drink, but no cigarette? That seemed like I would  be restricting myself even when I'm supposed to be truly relaxed and enjoying myself. Deep down I held the illusions a) I am able to enjoy the occassional cigarette b) They are highly enjoyable and life will be lacking in some way without them and c) That an occassional cigarette can be just that, occassional.

Now, I don't feel that way. I let it really, truly sink in that: no, you're an addict and life can be enjoyable without them. One single cigarette when youre not addicted doesnt improve or highten the situation, it always feels so  foreign and gross. But then youre hooked again. Because you're an addict. And let's pretend they are enjoyable: so what? nicotine doesnt perfect any situation. even if it did, is 2 minutes of feeling great worth a lifetime of disease, regret, guilt and shame?

I woke up this morning and did some deep breathing exercises. The sun was coming out and it felt so great to feel my lung capacity returning to normal laying in bed, relaxing, not wanting to get up and /not having to/ because a ciggarette is all I can think about. 

I feel free. There's been cravings but I 
view it as a challenge and a battle and it makes it rewarding to conquer each one. I'm really experiencing each craving, thinking what I'm missing in my self care arsenal when the solution to stress, boredom and anxiety is a cigarette. Trying to feel the emotions rather than bury them. Then find a solution.

 I really believe I will never smole again. 