First post - i'm on Day 10! :)

I've been a smoker for the past 13 years.. I'm 26 now - so I've smoked for half of my life. I've tried to quit several times over the past few years, but they've always been half-hearted attempts: Generally because I felt like I should, or because others felt I should.. Never because I really wanted to stop. Each time I found it pretty tough. Even while I was counting the days past, and feeling proud of how long it had been since my last smoke, I was still a little panicked by the thought of never having another cigarette. I'd inevitably end up searching through drawers and coat pockets for old packets of tobacco and papers, or running out to a 24hr garage at 3am to buy more.


I'm not sure how or why, but this time is different. It just feels different. I'm not using patches, gum or any type of substitute. I haven't read any books, or had any therapy sessions. I don't feel like I'm missing out or depriving myself of anything. I can still be around other smokers and I don't find it hard. I'm loving every minute of it.


While I know this may do nothing to help any of you guys.. and might just piss you off no end.. I'm really excited to have got to this point. I always thought quitting had to be an ordeal, and 10 days in, I'm so happy it isn't.


The only thing I can think to give any credit to, would be something my sister said. She quit five years ago and has never had a moment of weakness since. She just lectured me in a really annoying way about how nicotine addiction was the least of my problems, that physical addiction passes in the first week, but it's how you see yourself, that's the big hurdle, and also what you regard as comforts.


It might sound stupid and nonsensical, but I've always admired smokers, since I was a kid. I remember buying joke shop cigarettes, and the chocolate ones they used to sell, and pretend that I was smoking, when I was like 8 or 9. In my head smoking was cool, it made me feel grown up, and a little bit badass.. and while I'm now a lot older and a little wiser, I think that this was still ingrained in me subconciously. Non-smokers were, in my eyes, a little bit dull, and smokers were my allies. It's all silliness and nonsense, but I think it's how I felt to some degree. Also, my other problem was what I viewed to be my creature comforts, the things I would rely on after a bad day, getting home late, cold and grumpy.. I needed a coffee and a smoke. I know logically that getting home feeling bad, and consuming things that are bad for me, in order to make me feel better.. well, it makes no fucking sense! Trying to replace those bad things with good things that I actually really like has been difficult.. but once I got it sorted, it's been Easy. Simple. Facile.


Now.. I know 10 days is hardly the test of time! But I have never felt so confident. I don't feel like I'm *trying* to quit. I know that I'm over it. I'm done. And hey. If I somehow screw up along the way. I'll let you know and ask for some tips. But right now I couldn't be happier or more certain that I'm on the right track. :)


That's where I'm at. Thanks for being interested enough to read all this babble! x
