Late starter, early quitter

I'll be 30 years old this fall. I started smoking about 2 years ago, shortly after St. Patrick's Day that year. 

At 27, I never wanted to smoke. Well, there were some moments when I thought I wanted to, but I knew I didn't want to take it up. My dad and his dad are both smokers since they were teenagers, and I didn't want to follow them in that path.

A couple years ago, a bunch of friends met me and my then-fiance for St Patrick's Day and one of them left her pack of smokes at our apartment. She was an out of towner, so said to just keep the pack or give them away. They sat on our bookshelf for a few weeks untouched. My fiance said she's smoked before, usually only when drinking, but never got addicted. This is still true for her - she can smoke a cigarette here and there when we go out and not have the urge to have more. 

So one night drinking/having a little party of our own, we smoked a couple cigarettes. Then I decided to start smoking with a smoker-friend of mine at work. I figured it was nice to have the extra breaks. My fiance was a little concerned, but I was only smoking a few a day and would probably end up quitting soon. Then I was smoking before work, taking extra breaks at work without my friend, at home after work, on the weekends. If we were babysitting, I would never smoke around the kids, but I would think of a reason I needed to run to the store (we need milk, or snacks for when they fall asleep) just so I could smoke away from the house. If I couldn't smoke I felt trapped, anxious, and I realized it was a bigger problem than I thought.

Eventually we got married, last fall, and I wanted to quit after that. I didn't want to be smoking if we were planning on having kids. I initially quit over Christmas break (I assumed being away from work, without that stress, would be easy, and it was), but it only last until New Year's Eve when our friends were all smoking outside the bar. Then I quit all of February this year, until my wife and I had a big fight and I started again in March. 

I tried to quit on our Honeymoon (2 weeks in the Caribbean!) but the resort was very smoker-friendly, so I started again.

On Friday last week, my smoker-friend at work said she wanted to quit since she and her husband are thinking of having another kid. "Here's my opportunity," I thought, and told her I wanted to quit too. It would be easier knowing I wasn't the only one trying to quit, and we could help each other.

I had the rest of my pack leftover for the weekend, and as of about 8pm Sunday night I haven't smoked. I've had urges, but I'm using a Quit Smoking app (Smoke Free) to help keep me motivated. I've been craving, but also don't want to feel like this addiction can beat me. While I was smoking I would always tell myself, "I can quit when I want, I just want to smoke right now." Well, now I have to put that to the test. I don't want to kill myself every day. 

On the app, I set my money-saving goal for a hockey jersey I've wanted for a while. I think that, on top of the whole not poisoning myself any longer, will be a nice goal to look forward to.

Looking forward to what this sub has to offer. Cheers for reading.