day 7 - the longest, and hardest so far

29, been smoking anywhere from 5 to 15/day for 12 years. multiple quit attempts in the past, the longest was probably 2-3 months a few years ago. i have no excuse for what i do beyond its an addiction, and that i have severe anxiety/depression i was self medicating for with weed and chain smoking.

stopped smoking weed 25 days ago, which wasn't as hard as i expected but also due to outside forces (upcoming employment drug tests). i've been attempting to quit cigs multiple times since aug 22 and the longest id gone was 3 days. usually around the 18-24h mark my anxiety just became unbearable and i'd walk to the corner store and buy another "last pack."

the only reason i've made it for 7 days so far is bc im traveling internationally w my bff in a country where women smoking is pretty taboo. also spending a lot of time around family over the last and next week, who don't know i smoke. usually my anxiety while traveling is pretty nonexistent since my usual stressors are thousands of miles away across the ocean. 

but today has been the hardest day so far. had nightmares all night, woke up with stomach cramps for the first time in a week (the main manifestation of my anxiety) and can't stop crying. the house were staying at is a smoker's, and i have a pack i bought for a friend as a souvenir (she still smokes and has no intention of quitting, thought some local smokes would be a unique "gift"). they've been sitting in my bag for 3 days and all cravings have been so minor, fleeting thoughts until today. it's been 2 hours i've sat here agonizing over having just one. but i know it's never just one. doesn't help that all my friends (almost all non smokers) automatically assume i'm going to fail because i have so many times in the past so i can't really turn to anyone for support. even my mom, the only one in my fam who knows i smoke, said well if you have to, just have one and go longer than 7 days next time.

but does anyone really HAVE to smoke? of course not. i HAVE to breathe. mostly just posting here bc this is one of the few places i've found actually a source of positive support in my life. i know this too shall pass but my anxiety attacks always make me feel like im just GOING CRAZY. smoking helps calm that feeling down but it's not a feasible solution. therapy will help but i don't start for a few more weeks. ahh AHHH ahhhhhhh 