day 28, but worried about tomorrow...

hello again, friends! i quit smoking while traveling for 3 weeks, and was VERY worried about how i'd do when i got back to the states and back into my routine. i did have a cigarette when i got back to my apartment, but it tasted so foul and made me feel so awful i threw the rest out. didn't reset my badge since i felt motivated and hadn't really gone back to it, and wanted to see how i would do since then.

that was 5 days ago, and i've been feeling pretty good! handled a lot of usual triggers without too much of a problem. even spent a whole day with family and it went well! spending a day with them usually has me racing to the corner store to buy a pack and chain smoke 3-4 cigs. but i actually enjoyed my time with them. probably bc i wasn't jonesing the whole day...

even on halloween, i went out for drinks with friends but only had two drinks because i knew i wouldn't be able to control myself if i got drunk.

but tomorrow i think will be my biggest challenge so far. i'm spending the entire day with a friend of mine who is a BIG smoker, and is not ready to quit. she chain smokes, and her car usually smells so bad - last time i was in her car, i was still a smoker, and had a really hard time breathing bc it was SO smoky smelling (i was an outdoor-only smoker). AND she's spending the night at my place. i know i'm quitting for MYSELF, and it's all about my willpower and my decision to remain committed to being a non-smoker. but it would be ~so easy~ to have "just a couple" from her pack and not buy my own, and continue on with my quit. but i think if i do that, i'd have to reset my badge for sure - two setbacks within a week is a failed quit, too close to going back to being a smoker. and i don't want to do that. this is the farthest i've come in YEARS of wanting to quit, "trying" to quit. i can smell and taste so much better; none of my clothes smell, i don't have a set of "smoking clothes" set aside so nobody else knows, my teeth seem whiter, i don't have random coughs or a hacking nasty cough in the morning, my energy is pretty good. why would i throw all of that away? well...bc addiction is a bitch.

wish me luck tomorrow, y'all! i've made it this far. time to overcome another challenge, i hope :)