I smoked from age 12. I quit at 20.

At 12, I picked up my first cigarette. My best friend's parents smoked--they would leave packs around the house, lids open nonchalantly. I surreptitiously took a pack once, and my habit was born. I created rituals around smoking: my parents would leave me alone at home, I would go out into their balcony and have two or three, then ash it into the balcony's floor, seal the remnants in a Tupperware container, and flush the butts in the toilet. I associated smoking with freedom, rebellion. 

At 14 my friends held an intervention for me, saying I was too young to be damaging my lungs. I laughed in their faces.

At 16, I met my best friend, who asked me on day one if I knew where she could find cheap cigarettes. I laughed and showed her my bag, a 20 pack of camels inside. We would smoke out the window of our friends' cars, with the wind blowing into our faces. We smoked at parties, feet dipping into swimming pools. We smoked after we kissed, tasting nicotine on each other's lips. 

When I was 18, I smoked to give my hands something to do when I was stressed and alone. I smoked to find friends outside of clubs, with an exchange of lighters turning into an exchange of numbers. I smoked so lovers would smell the musk in my hair. I smoked to fit my image: dark jeans, doc martens, shaggy hair. 

I quit at 20. It wasn't even conscious--I forgot to buy a new pack and I never picked another one up again. I vaped for a while, but I'd puff on it all day, and eventually all the fruit smells made me nauseous. But over time the cigarette smell made me sick, too. I understood why my SO hated the smell on cigarettes on me. I saw why the constant coughing wasn't sexy. I ran better, felt better.

Tonight I bought my first pack since last September. I took a drag and the taste killed me--it tasted like memories, but it also tasted like depression, and self doubt, and captivity, all the things I used to try and escape from. I stubbed it out and realised it wasn't me anymore.  I realised maybe smoking didn't have to be my future the way it was my past. It's been eight years of my life since smoking stole my childhood. But perhaps I can claim my adulthood as my own. 