Today is the day!

I have been a smoker for about 12 years, about a pack a day for the last 5 years. I grew up in a household where both parents smoked, grandparents, and pretty much every extended member of the family. 

This year I turned 40, I had decided that I would work trying to quit this year. I have gone without for 3-4 days at a time when out of town on vacations where I am distracted by all the events and sights, and around my sister and her family (Who dont smoke). Or a year ago when I had pancreatitis and was in the hospital. But inevitably when I would return home I would resume old habits. I live alone, so quitting has been difficult because when it is just me, I usually give in, my willpower has been pretty weak.

Last night though, after smoking the last cig in the pack and about to go to bed, I had a moment of clarity, I didnt want to smoke, I didnt like to smoke, I had to quit - I have enough other health problems that smoking just isnt worth the risk and inevitable problems it will cause me down the road.

So rather than make a late night run to the store to pick up some for in the morning, I went without. This turned out to be pretty difficult this morning. I had a headache, nausea (I threw up twice) light sensitivity, and a feeling of vertigo all day. I took the day off because I was throwing up. 

So far I have been home all day, working from home, I can feel the nicotine craving, a part of me definitely wants a cig right now! but another part of me knows I dont need it, and after how I felt this morning, I NEED to quit.

I have been a lurker on this forum for quite some time, and your stories of quitting and what it feels like a week, a month, 3 months, a year, or 3 years later have been a real encouragement. I really am fighting hard right now to stay on course - its difficult when my brain keeps trying to trick me, and habits like having a cig after coffee or after dinner or before bed or driving etc keep trying to trip me up, but I am going to keep on. 3 more hourse and I will have gone a full 24 hours without a cig AT HOME, WHILE ALONE, AND WITH MY NORMAL ROUTINE, I know that probably doesnt seem like much, but it will be a big accomplishment to me!