Getting over them, one by one.

The first cigarette of one person is sometimes thoughtless, sometimes thoughtful. May it be offered casually by a friend during a night out, a first, social cigarette, leading to many others over days and years, or one you get yourself, your own pack, to find something in it.

In life, there're guys like me, y'know, the sentimental, brooding types. The melodramatical boys who never seem to grow out of it. The self-imposed loneliness of the weird artist mindset, with the dark and snarky allure of so many worshipped antiheroes. John Constantine with all the inner demons and none of the outer.

For all these guys like me, there's a girl. Or another guy. More of the girl type myself, so there was a girl. There was love and a bunch of other things, like a teenage romance for people with piercings in odd places and tattoos all over. There was a pack of smokes on her desk, always. An ashtray, a pack of smokes. Both of them in varying degrees of emptiness.
Now the smokes she lit up, they were the cheapest nicotine you could get this side of the frontier. The Canadian Native reserves contraband bullcrap that tars up your lungs like you're paying to die young. She always smoked these things, and once, or twice, maybe thrice and more, she'd offer one. And once, or twice, maybe thrice and more, I'd take one. Two, three. I wasn't hooked yet, I was just some fish in the river, I didn't bite the nastiest worm of all. Yet.

When there's a guy and a girl like us, there's a breakup, and it's the nasty kinda goodbye. The one you have to recover from. Even though in hindsight, days or years later, you tell yourself it was as toxic as the blight she smoked all day, you can't help but have a longing. Hand-in-hand with the self-imposed loneliness. You kinda want to remember how it was, so, maybe, just maybe, one day you go out and stop by the convenience store on the way back, you drop a bill on the counter and you come out with a pack and a lighter.

It's to remember yourself how she tasted like when you kissed, how she smelled like when you hugged, the lingering nastiness in what you hazily remember as "good days". Then there's the routine that kicks in. A beer in the evening and some ash to tap in the empty bottle. The morning coffee and the smoke seeping out your mouth as you search a little comfort in your loneliness.

Fast-forward some time, days or years later, and you're hacking and coughing. Your budget's tight and you still keep that spare bill to keep coughing. It's a few meals short of self-starvation and a handful of cigs short of a full pack, every week. Every few days. The spare bill gets a second zero to it. The convenience store owner recognizes you and pulls out a pack for you before you even ring up whatever you needed else, if anything at all but nicotine.

One day, you're on all fours puking your guts out, thinking you're sick. Yeah, broody, dark and snarky, lonely half-man. You're sick. You're sick of it. You got over the girl days or years ago. Doesn't matter. You started killing yourself over it and it's been all said and done since days or years. Time to live. Time to breathe.

So, today, I quit. I don't know yet if it's for days or years, if it's a one time thing or a life commitment. But I quit. Let's get over this.