What I found really helps.

So I quit smoking just over a week and a half ago, and while I'm still having cravings, I've managed to keep them under control. Last night, I had a dream I smoked, and when I woke up I was extremely disappointed then elated that it was only a dream! I thought I would take a bit of time out to tell a bit of how I've been going about quitting, so that maybe others can try it and see how it works for them.

I think the number one motivator has been the money for me. I don't have the most attractive job money-wise, so the savings so far have been extremely rewarding. In 11 days, I've saved almost 30$ (about $4.85 a pack here). While this alone hasn't really curbed my thoughts about quitting, what has is setting a *reward goal* for this money. My hard drive is starting to go, and I need a new hard drive but lack the money to get it. So, I'm putting all the savings from cigarettes back toward a new one. I think this has been the biggest incentive for me personally to quit, and having a way to reward yourself with the money is a great motivator in my opinion.

Second, I downloaded an app called CessationNation that tracks all the health benefits you gain in the process of not smoking. Already, after 11 days I've reduced the following by 100%: my heart rate and blood pressure, carbon monoxide level to normal, sense of taste and smell, and all the nicotine in my body is gone. Likewise, it let's me know how much money I've saved, time saved, cigarettes not smoked, and days complete. It even has a couple mini-games designed entirely to keep your hands busy and timed specifically to alleviate a craving.

Third, exercise. I can't stress this one enough really. I find when I really, really, really am fighting a craving, a few push-ups, stretches, hopping on my skateboard for a few minutes, marching in place, literally anything that gets the heart pumping reduces the craving entirely. I can't really explain why, aside from the fact that exercise is the best thing you can do for yourself as a habit, but when I get a bad craving, I just make myself sweat a little bit and it goes away. It's a win-win really.

Meditation. This one helps me personally, but I don't know how many it'll actually help. My whole idea here is that when I'm meditating, I know for certain I'll get a craving. However, the point of meditating is mindfulness, thinking not thinking, and likewise craving not craving. It's hard to explain, but when I sit down and meditate and feel the craving while I'm doing it, I allow that craving to express itself without trying to suppress it. I recognize it, allow it to come onto me (though uncomfortable), and allow it to pass. It's strange, and I don't know if I can really recommend it, but I suppose it's a kind of no pain no gain mentality for me.

These are just a few things I do to help with my cravings. I've noticed they've died down a lot, Day 3 and 7 were the hardest so far but I'm not out of the woods yet. Still, the joy to me is that I haven't even really wanted one. I've hungout with my smoker friends, drank beers with them, and never came close to even asking for one or mentioning it.

You guys can do it! Hopefully, something I said can be of help!