New quitter here, I really need some help!

Hello! 

As a bit of an introduction to myself as i'm new to this subreddit, i'm a 19 year old university student from England who has decided to quit while she's ahead, I've been smoking on and off since I was 14 and within the past two years it's been constant and I've definitely come to rely on cigarettes to get me through my day to day life. I feel like I need to smoke to calm myself down when I get stressed during exams, and my part time job I hold (currently full time over the summer) makes me want to smoke 20 in an hour, all I can ever think about it when I can go out for a smoke on my break and I even try and get extended break periods so I can go outside for a quick fix. 

Today I realised how much this is costing me, and how much I could be saving if I didn't smoke (along with obviously the fact I get out of breath walking up stairs..) - my mother has also said she will not help me out financially while i'm still smoking, and being a student I don't have a lot of money to begin with, also being on £5.05 an hour for my job doesn't get me a lot of disposable income.

I had to get a tire on my car replaced today, £57 that I didn't have and had to use my overdraft to pay for because I have no money to spend on things I actually need. It's made me realise I can't afford to keep up this habit, let alone the damage i'm doing to myself, it's such a great stress reliever but I think i'm ready to try and find something new to help me cope, rather than buying a new pack and smoking until my lungs hurt. 

Today I downloaded a stop smoking app on to my phone (Smoke Free for IOS) and this looks like it could be a good tracker, but I still don't know what I can do to help myself quit, do I just quit and take it as it comes? Or do I just cut down and try and stop eventually, which I've tried doing before but it's always seemed to make me want one more.

I've been lurking here for a while and seen so many great posts about people quitting and how much better they've felt, I want to be the same and I want to go to the gym when I go back to university in September and I wanna be able to run a mile without feeling like i'm going to collapse :(

I feel like this is a great place to meet people who have done what I need to do for my health and my bank account, and i'd really love some advice on what I can do to turn my life around.

To everyone who has quit, keep up the good work! I'm proud of what you've done and I hope one day people can be proud of me too, rather than seeing my mother turn her nose up at me when I come in smelling like smoke :(