Just passed 3 months- I've never come this far before

I've tried to quit more times than I can count and I've usually made it past the 2 month mark and then something VERY stressful in my life would happen and I'd fall off the wagon.  I've never made it to 3 months before this.  

Today, I am a few days into my 3rd month and that feels pretty good.  I'm afraid of sharing my success today with anyone else because what if I fail, yet again, so it seemed like this was the right place to do my little happy dance, today.

I don't want to jinx myself but I'm feeling cautiously optimistic about quitting this time... A lot of crappy things have happened in the last 3 months (my dog collapsed and I had to put her down, a family member died, one of my favorite college professors killed herself, and 2 of my other pets had to be hospitallized- but those 2 are ok now) and previously any of these things alone would have made me say "fuck it" and just light up again, fingers trembling all the while.  But this time, somehow I've managed to make it through the worst cravings/despairing thoughts.  (There were some heavy breathing close calls- where the only thing I could do was run into the subway and promise myself I could have a smoke if I still wanted one after I got out of the subway in my neighborhood... I of course still wanted one when I came out but it was the longing feeling of missing one and not the OMG I'm going to die if I can't get a smoke desperation feeling...so you can just keep walking past that bodega where you used to buy your smokes)... 

Just succesfully using that coping mechanism- of giving myself permission but just delaying it (I've KNOWN about this tactic for years but I've never been able to actually delay myself when in the midst of one of those I'm gonna die cravings before) seems like a huge turning point in mental progress for me.  

So positive thoughts forward for me on this one while I step forward into quitting territory I've never seen before. 

