Its been a week so I thought I'd mention why I was quitting again

To put it simply, technology helped me quit. I recently got an Apple Watch Series 3. What that has is a heart rate scanner, and this heart rate scanner has been recording my heart rate everyday. I'd only had it a week when i went to take a look at my heart rate over the period. And what I saw really did help to wake me up a little bit. My resting heart rate was in the high 60s. Even when I was asleep, it wouldn't go below 60. More dangerously, during what should have been a routine 5km run, it went up to over 200BPM. And I thought back to myself not even 8 years ago.

8 years ago, as with every male citizen of my country, I served me 2 years of conscription, in my case with the military. When I went in for basic, I was a little overweight (90kg at 1.8m), and couldn't pass the fitness test to save my life. With daily training, I got fit. Really fit. I remember my first physical fitness test, it took me 20mins to run a short 2.4km, and I ended it barely able to draw breath from the panting. 4 short months later I completed the same distance in 10mins (i'd also lost like 20kg). 

By some miracle I was selected for officer school, and got even fitter. I lost another 10kg (a tad underweight now), but more impressive, I could run longer and faster. My 2.4 run was now in the low 8mins. I ran a 10k in 35mins once. And that old breathlessness was gone. Since i was a cadet, we got really in depth physical health tests, including one where they measured our heart rate. I still remember my resting heart rate being less than 50BPM, and my max during the end phase sprint of the 2.4 not going over 180bpm. I started smoking shortly after, but since I was still in the army and training all the time, I never noticed the difference. 

8 years later I went to run a 5k, and it was like everything had reverted to pre-army. Even worse than pre-arty. I could barely drink water after my run. My heart was pounding and took ages to go back down. And thanks to my new Apple Watch, I knew just how bad I'd become. 

7 days down, every other day for the rest of my life to go. 