trying.

So, I'm new to this subreddit. but I've lurked here a while and decided to subscribe today.
I've been smoking for 10 years last month... 
I wanted to try to quit smoking, not as much as my husband wanted me to, but I decided I'd try. I was thinking my breathing issues when I was active were due to smoking, so I thought I'd give it a go. 
First I went to vaping, and it was all and good for a while, but picked up smoking cigarettes about 6 months down the road... When I got completely tired of arguing with my husband about smoking, or him making stupid comments about how the car was always dirty because I smoked in it, or the smell...... I decided to go to my dr and ask for chantix. I had tried it before but it made me very ill, turns out I was taking it without food first.
I was on Wellbutrin for psychiatric reasons, so that wasn't doing anything for the smoking. I tried Nicorette lozenges and I was running through them. I got the patch from a dr and I'm allergic to the adhesive on them apparently and the gum is WAY too pepper tasting for my palette (I felt like I was chewing on solid mace)

So, I got the chantix. I didn't smoke the whole time I was on it for the 28-day starter pack. 
And to be honest, I didn't have any physical cravings I can put my finger on, even around my friend who smokes like a chimney. But mentally, I still wanted a smoke really bad... It would hit me at all the times it usually would, right when I woke up, right after a meal, during mindless times of playing video games and at work when it got super stressful.
I had called my dr to ask about it, she suggested I still use my vape, just without the nicotine... So, I did. I bought a few bottles of stuff I liked, that didn't have nicotine in it and used it... Like crazy...
And then, once my 28 days was done, I started feeling the effects of the nicotine withdrawal... Wasn't something I had an issue with when I was on the chantix. I got moody, super agitated easily, major depression, etc... 

With in that first day off the chantix, I caved and bought cigarettes... This was this past sunday. I feel like I'm smoking way more than before I even took the chantix, like I've gone through a pack a day since sunday. That could be accredited to I was using my vape while smoking so that I wasn't smoking so much before. ...

Has anyone else gone through this, where they used a cessation aide and immediately when the aide was no longer available you went right back to smoking??

I'd get another pack of chantix, if my insurance would pay for it... But they don't cover more than a starter of any cessation aide.
