Today is my day, day one.

A bit of background: 27 years old (as of monday 12/16). I started smoking when I was 14 but it was on and off until about age 19 I started smoking a little less than a pack a day for a couple years. At 21 I was smoking a pack or more often a pack and a half a day.

My work prompted me to quit smoking by incurring increases in medical insurance if I didn't. I've been meaning to quit anyway, so now is the time.

I just had 11 days off for my birthday and came back to work yesterday. I smoked my lungs out and felt like complete shit by the end of my vacation. Do you ever have that feeling when you go out and party all night and you're practically chain smoking while drinking with your friends, then the next day it feels like you can barely breathe? I did that for five days in a row. Felt like my lungs just might crap out when I smoked yesterday, I only smoked maybe 10 cigarettes, and I put them out about halfway through.

My car is out of comission so I have to bike to work which is even more incentive to quit. 

I *hate* being completely out of breath after biking for ten minutes!! I hate the constant taste in my mouth no matter how much I brush my teeth. I hate that I'm phlegmy all day and when I cough it tastes like pure tar coming up. I'm done with the yellow stinky fingers, the stinky car.

So, today's the day. I'll be at work all day. I usually have two smoke breaks plus an hour lunch that I usually smoke at least two cigarettes on. I plan on just staying inside and drinking coffee and reading. I'm thinking about crushing the pack of cigarettes I have just so I don't have a choice in it. Maybe go on a long bike ride tonight so I'm not at home just thinking about smoking... I don't know. 

PS- I've read a lot of the posts here and know about the book, I will probably start reading it (even though it will be interrupting the Wheel of Time series :/ )  I have a prescription for Chantix but the side effects terrify me so it's only a last resort if I fail cold turkey.


Anyway, there's my story. Wish me luck, everyone! Any support you can give would be great, your thoughts on the book, Chantix, cold turkey, etc. You guys all seem like a lot of great folks. 

I plan on holing myself up in my home so as to not go out and drink and get tempted this weekend.

Edit: also, I'll be updating this with progress reports that may or may not interest any of you. If I crack, I'll let you know. If I murder anyone, I'll let you know! Cheers.

Edit 1: just had a long, difficult call. This is when I usually take my smoke break. Soooo hard.

**Edit: didn't make it. Work was extra stressful today, or maybe it just seemed that way because I was trying to quit. Maybe I'll try again tomorrow.**