How I stopped smoking (17 months without a single puff).

I decided to share my story, I used to be a medium smoker (10-15 cigarettes per day). I couldnt live a day without cigarettes, I would actually freak out if I didn't have anymore cigarettes.

I sometimes had to budget food vs cigarettes and plan my week ahead to make sure I'd have enough money to buy my packs.

TL;DR: I was addicted.

So, near the end of my cigarette addiction, every time I was smoking, I felt really bad about it. I was thinking stuff like "why am I spending on that, I know its stupid" or "why am I killing myself with these poison sticks".

I also like to party to the hangover were quite freaking terrible when you end up smoking 1-2 packs in one night.

Anyways, so I decided I would try to stop smoking cold-turkey. But I read the best tip online before I stopped. Download an application on your phone (or on your computer) that calculates how much money you're saving everyday by stopping, and look at it every single day. The application I downloaded on my iPhone also told me cool stuff like "your blood-oxygen levels are now back to normal" and "you're now breathing like a non-smoker" and much more.

**So what I did with the financial information it provided me, I told my wife that I would buy myself something nice with the money I'm saving from cigarettes. I'm a computer geek so I decided to buy a new processor after a few weeks with the money.**

That motivation to get a new processor alone provided me with the extra willpower to stop. It was hard, but more achievable because of the goal I had given myself.

By the time I purchased my processor, I was much less addicted and very happy with myself.

Afterwards I had to pass the other tests such as drinking with my smoking friends. But when you reach that point, its much easier because of how proud you are that you stopped for that long. I'd strongly suggest you dont drink with your smoker friends for at least 2-3 weeks when you stop.

Good luck everyone, hopefully this can inspire some of you! When you think about smoking, always remember why you stopped, that you're worth more than that and that you can purchase some nice gifts to yourself for the effort you're making!

**TL;DR: Get an app that calculates how much you're saving, after a couple weeks buy yourself a very nice gift.**