After 15 years, I quit.

Hi Stopsmoking. I hope to find strength in this community to help me through my withdrawal. I'll share my story with you.

I started smoking at 15 or 16, sort of socially. In my country, smoking was considered at the time a cool thing (or at least, was considered so by the people i was hanging). Going to clubs, pubs, Lucky Strikes. Than I joined the army. Three years of waiting (army service is 90% waiting, 8% doing chores, 2% action) and what is better to do when waiting then to smoke? I did about 2\3 pack a day. This habit stuck with me for the next decade.

Last year I quit for about three months (Alan Carr audiobook. It is incredibly good and motivating. GET.). It was actually easy. One day, I looked with disgust at my ash covered desk, over-flowing ashtray, yellow fingers and the chest pain. I realized I only smoke because I am used to, and I am actually drawing 0 pleasure out of it, only disgust and suffering. No more. I extinguished the cig, emptied the ashtray and cleaned my desk. After two days during which I did not know what to do with myself, with my mouth, my fingers (I was smoking roll-your-own, so it is an activity) this itch, need, restlessness and hunger sort of went away. I moved on with my life.

My pitfall was weed. Weed is a vice I actually enjoy. I like getting high at the end of the day. I like playing video games or taking a walk in the nature while high. I tried smoking pure weed. Too harsh. I tried weed mixed with sage. Ok, but not fun to smoke. I stopped with weed for some months (that is actually really easy. I normally take 2-3 month breaks every 1-2 months of smoking weed.) but then a family member moved next to me and we always liked to smoke weed together. So I though, I haven't touched tobacco for 4 months. What would one joint do? ... again, half a pack a day (btw, I'm still off weed).

So now is my second and final stopping with the tobacco addiction. If this means no weed, so be it (but I hope to find some way to consume it without any tobacco). I again have the same feeling of disgust. Again. I don't need it. It has been 2 days since I smoked, I can feel the itch going away. I am looking forward for a life where I don't have to always worry if I have a lighter, if I have enough tobacco to go through the weekend, to enjoying fresh air and clean fingers. I am looking forward for being able to feel free from this horrid addiction.

I hope to see stories of success here and draw strength from you all, and I hope to share my pleasurable recovery with you to encourage those who might have difficulty.