About to have my last cigarette

I smoked fairly heavily from 1996-2008. In 2008 I quit by using Chantix. Lucky for me, I didn't get any of the negative side-effects that often goes along with it. It seemed to work well and I was really surprised by how easy it all seemed. It was a good experience and I was so happy to not be controlled by smoking.

Fast forward to summer 2014: I had a horrible day at work and got into a heated argument with a co-worker. I took off on a walk to cool off and think things through. Stopped at a gas station and picked up a pack and a book of matches and only intended to smoke one then ditch the pack. I regret that moment more than anything. Of course, that's all it took to reel me back in and reignite the addiction. Just one cigarette.

So here I am now: smoking half a pack daily, stinking, with a cough that won't go away. I used to go to the gym and work out five times a week. Now it's down to once a month. I feel like garbage, constantly tired and winded. I remember how good I felt when I wasn't smoking and I'm going to get that back. 

I also refuse to smoke in front of my daughter, so I'm always finding a reason to get out of the house so I can smoke. I'd really like to spend more time with her instead of finding excuses to not be around her so I can smoke. It sounds pathetic because it is, but that's what smoking does. I'm so ashamed that I relapsed and let it take over my life again.

I've been going through Easyway (again - the first time resulted in lighting up on day 3) and planned today as my quit date. I'm just about to read chapter 40 and once I do, I'm finished. I can't wait to get my life back. 

I intend to post back with updates.

UPDATE 1: it's been about 12 hours since smoking. Feeling pretty good and haven't had any real difficult urges. I'm a little bit fidgity and lightheaded, but have had a lot of coffee, so I'm not sure if it's the coffee or withdrawal symptoms. I threw all of the clothes that I've worn while smoking in the wash to get the smoke stank out. It's kind of difficult to work without taking a smoke break- I'll be so much more productive.