Day zero

A little background info... I am 17, and both of my parents are smokers. I have smoked off and on since around 15, but really it hasn't picked up until the past couple months or so. I get my cigarettes from my parents when they buy packs, and they don't know about it. In fact, the only people that know about it are my best friend, my bro-in-law, and a few friends at school. I've come to the realization that I am addicted. I do it for the buzz, the feel. More times than I can count I've gotten nauseous from cigarettes, but I kept doing it. 

I also smoke a hookah, but not very often. In contrast to what the claims tend to be, smoking a hookah isn't nearly as bad as cigarettes, and since I don't smoke it very often (once or twice a month, if that) than I don't feel the need to address it. I want to try smoking a medwakh, an Iranian pipe that has very strong, fine ground tobacco that gives a nicotine buzz. Hookah and medwakh are kind of like my once-in-a-while things, not the type of thing you would do other than on special occasions.

Back to cigarettes. My grandma is 81 and was hospitalized with double pnemonia and emphasema a few years back, which is when she was forced to quit smoking. She can barely breath and has TONS of health problems, and she's on oxygen tanks at home. The sound when she coughs is just... It's not something you'd want to hear out of a loved one. My mom and dad are starting to get the same way after smoking 30+ years. I don't want to end up like that, and the really eye-opening event came just a few minutes ago when I watched [this](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CwDm0D9ASiA).

I am also a good bit overweight (6'2, 240 lbs. A lot of it is muscle, and you can tell because I'm not that *big*, just a high number. Nevertheless I want to lose the weight). I'm signing up for a gym as soon as this internship I get starts, and I'm really going to work on bettering myself. 

This is my call out for support. I've accepted my problem and I want a solution. They say it helps to tell someone you're quitting so they can hold you accountable for it, so here you are /r/stopsmoking , this is my plea. 

Wish me luck guys. Tomorrow starts day 1.