5 days in

hey all,

in recent months i have been feeling worse and worse physically, and started to really fear that smoking was really hitting my health harder and earlier than expected (i'm 29 years old and have smoked for about 5 years).  recently i started c25k and calisthenics to get in shape.  when i would work out, i would smoke less,  because it started to FEEL like poison, the effect on performance was so real and immediate.  but i would still smoke, and then feel terrible, and then too tired and sick to run or work out.  i kept these cycles of smoking less and then more going all summer, but started to sense more and more that i was doing permanent damage to my body, and that getting old and dying from smoking was not some far away thing but that i was literally destroying my health now in this moment.  even if i didn't die soon, i was feeling like shit.  i didn't want to feel like shit, i wanted to feel like i felt on days i didn't smoke and went running, and feel that every day.

so last saturday i went back to a hypnosis vid on youtube that worked for me in the past, a year ago (tho i relapsed after 3 weeks).  i've listened to it for the first three days and i'm doing well, completing the 5th day smoke and nicotine free tonight.  the cravings aren't really bothering me that much (so i think the hypnosis worked).  (i'm hesitant to link bc people respond differently to this stuff but fyi this is the one that helped me http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3E7EQSzgrj4)

i am happy to start to breathe again, to feel again, to taste again.  i am sad that i have done so much damage to my body already, and lament how many years of my 20s! my youth! were cursed with cigarettes.  how much more energy would i have had?  how much more might i have accomplished?  anyways, the future is now, and i am happy.  i feel confident, in control of my life, and this confidence is spilling over to other parts of my life as well.  i even cleaned my room, and i never clean my room. :) i have energy, i even feel mentally more together even though i also feel like someone poured glue into my brain (that fog thing?).  hope this nasty taste in my mouth goes away soon, too.  but these inconveniences are nothing compared to how i felt just one week ago sucking on those nasty things. 

NEVER AGAIN

life is too brief, too precious to take that poison ever again.

ty all for this sub, its been really encouraging lurking and reading the past few days