and on the seventh day

here is my update on my first week of being a nonsmoker (!!!!)

started the week with hypnosis vid off of youtube which really made a difference for me.

days 2-4 were tough emotionally because i was really irritable, but i avoided people for the most part and it was ok

3-6 were brain foggy, and fatigued.  i stopped running and calisthenics because i've felt too tired to do anything, like without cigarettes as constant stimulant i've realized i need to be sleeping and napping more than i am.  or maybe i just need lots of rest for this recovery.

yesterday (6) really terrible chest tightness, which thankfully is better today.  it was scary but after reading on this sub and elsewhere i learned its a normal and temporary symptom.  glad it's better.

have been hacking up phlegm allll week.

sense of smell came back last night, sharply.  it told me, clean your room, and take a fucking shower.

bought some "traditional medicinals breathe easy" tea today which has helped with the chest tightness and lung/throat pain a lot, has also made me expectorate more.  a lot more.  

its a bit overwhelming going through so many physical changes, as smoking seems to negatively effect basically every body system!  but of course this all just more evidence of how harmful smoking really is, and all the more reason never to smoke again.  all these withdrawal symptoms will pass, right?  i know logically they will but it helps when i hear people tell me.

also one beautiful moment today that i will probably never forget.  i went to a coffeeshop today near the foothills.  the last time i was there i sat outside and smoked, like i normally would.  i became nervous as i was parking, i started to feel like i would want to smoke with my coffee.  but i found my "NO" and remembered my goal of claiming these moments for myself, smokefree, and healthy.  kill the triggers and take the experience back.  so i went, ordered, sat, drank, and started reading a book i picked up from a thrift store earlier.  the wind picked up for a moment, and i breathed in.  FRESH AIR BLOWING FROM THE NEARBY FOREST.  FOR THE PAST 5 YEARS I NEVER EXPERIENCED HOW SWEET IT IS TO BREATHE THAT AIR BECAUSE MY LUNGS WERE FULL OF POISON AND SHIT AND MY SENSES WERE DULLED FROM CIGARETTES.   i breathed it in, even though my lungs ached from coughing all week, and i couldn't take in a full 100% breath, but it felt so good, it felt so refreshing, so sweet just for this brief beautiful moment.   i have nothing to compare that experience to because i've been totally incapable of experiencing anything like that for the whole time i've been a smoker.  that air felt so good and sweet and pure and life giving.  i will never forget it.  and i know it will get better than this.  

NEVER AGAIN. 

NONSMOKER TILL I DIE.

thank you all for this space!!!!!!  

<3 and support to you all

