Stopped Smoking - Worried about lingering risks

Dear /r/stopsmoking,

First of all, thank you so much for sharing all these stories to read - some motivating, some happy, some scary.

I had my first cigarette at age 12, but I wouldn't say that's when I really started smoking. I had a few puffs now and then to look 'cool'. At around age 13 - 14 was when I really started, secretly smoked during school breaks or after school and at parties. 

I always was a social smoker, rarely smoked by myself. So during weekends, if there was nothing social going on, I'd pretty much never touch cigarettes. Over the course of the last 10 years, I've probably smoked 7 cigs a day on average.

I am 25, turning 26 soon, and recently experienced shortness of breath. Luckily, EKG and X-rays came back clean, my lung function is above that of an average male my age (more than 6 instead of more than 5 liters volume). I've always had anxiety issues, so there's a good chance I'm chronically hyperventilating (especially since these issues disappear when I actually exercise). 

However, this health scare was enough to make me stop. I am done. I'd like to live at least another 50 - 60 years. I started exercising and I'm trying to eat better (that's actually my toughest challenge). But my anxiety is haunting me. What if I already screwed myself over?

So, I am looking to motivate myself further. I was motivated by a scare, but I'd like to be motivated by a positive outlook. Reading some of the stories here of people who've smoked for 10 years and got a cancer diagnose is extremely frightening. I read a lot of studies and it seems that the average pack years for patients with a cancer diagnosis are somewhere between 35 and 40. I have around 5, but so did others who have reported serious health issues and even a cancer diagnosis. 

My father had heart issues and recently died from them at age 58, which was another motivator for me to stop. Of course, I'm afraid of heart disease, but I know that I can very much positively influence that through exercise and a good diet. Also, my heart is strong right now and it seems that if I keep away from smokes, exercise and eat well, it'll very very likely stay that way.

What worries me is the cancer risk. I couldn't find any data on smokers who start at a young age and then quit after a (relatively speaking) low pack year count (although spread out over a long period of time). 

I know we don't do medical advice here, but I'd love to have a better idea of my cancer risk in the near and far future, in hopes that it is relatively low and therefore will help me motivate myself to stay away from cigarettes. Finding out it is high would certainly motivate me too, I guess... If you know anything about this, I would really appreciate you sharing it.

Thank you and stay strong!

Edit: Thank you for your replies so far. I found an interesting study, but I'd be glad to hear more:
http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC437139/?tool=pubmed

In this study performed with people born in the late 1800s and early 1900s, they took a look at non-smokers, smokers and former smokers. It says that "Cessation at age 50 halved the hazard [of dying of smoking-related disease]; cessation at 30 avoided almost all of it". I guess many men started smoking at a very young age back then, but the study isn't very specific about this. 

If anyone knows more about effects of smoking and stopping at a young age, I'd appreciate your contribution. :)