A pissed off nephew in need of support

First off let me preface by saying I am not a smoker. I have consumed nicotine on occasion and smoked hookah regularly in college, but never really worried about nicotine withdrawal or quitting. I am clueless to what it is like and have no perspective on the matter. This is about my mother.

My mother 2 weeks or so ago decided to quit after 35 years of a pack a day habit. We're pretty damn proud of her. She has shown some major willpower and actually you guys have been helping a lot. She knew my sister and I were redditors and asked if there were resources available and she has been visiting this sub every day. So thank you and keep up the good fight! We can only imagine how hard this is.

That brings us to Easter. We are eating dinner with our family. My aunt, gifted with a nearly magical ability to piss me off... opened her fucking mouth and spouted off this little gem:

"I was never happier than when I smoked." 

Not as if it was a coincidence, and that was the best part of her life and she just happened to be a smoker. No she meant it as smoking made me enjoy life more, and after she stopped her life was worse off. She even talked about how she was considering starting again!

Naturally my mother started craving a smoke like no other and this took some of the wind from her sails. Now I understand, honesty must be important in the process of recovery but does that little nugget have to be something that needs to be said upfront? Do we really need to tack onto a chemical addiction "Hey your life is all downhill from here?"

Anyways two questions, one am I wrong for being upset? Is this part of the process and people who want to quit need to be told these things from people who have done it? And two, can you guys give my mom some support and maybe so she can hear the other side of the coin or at least elaborate a little bit more on your perspective of what my aunt said so she knows what she is doing is going to be worth it. Thank you guys for helping my mother, and may you have my best wishes in accomplishing your goals.