Relapse and health anxiety

Tl;dr: I started smoking again after a relapse and am looking to quit. I also have pretty bad health anxiety after a night of smoking.

I am feeling pretty alone in this and am just looking for some advice on how I can go about quitting and calming my anxiety (warning: might go off on tangents).

I'm 23 years old and have been smoking on and off since the age of 16. I am also quite health conscious, hypochondria runs in the family and I definitely get my share of late-night health anxiety. 
Some periods of my life I was smoking up to a pack a day, while I have also quit for months at a time in the past. A lot of my ability to quit so often was my health anxiety (so scared about getting throat/mouth/lung cancer that it compelled me to quit), but of course the challenge is staying away after you have quit. Additionally, my mother is very anti-smoking so (since moving back home a few months ago) I never smoke during the day or at home because I care a lot about her and I don't want to disappoint or upset her. She often says that all she expects from me and my siblings is to lead a healthy life. 

I am currently in a "relapse" phase after months of abstinence since I just moved back home and my old friend from school (and one of my only close friends here) is a smoker and not looking to quit. Let's call her Anna. What started out as mooching cigs on nights out turned into me buying a pack 2 nights ago. Also, I justify smoking by saying "only when I drink" causing me to drink more. Although I'm not much of a drinker to begin with.

So I just got home from a night of drinking and smoking with Anna. I woke up at 4am from an awful and strange nightmare. As soon as I woke up it felt like my chest was vibrating and I was hyper aware of all the areas my throat was sore/dry and a lingering taste of cigarettes in my mouth despite having eaten  and brushed my teeth etc. Started thinking about having cancer/getting cancer at a young age and feeling paralyzed from fear/hating myself because of the taste in my mouth. Just awful... Decided tomorrow I'm giving my friend the pack or throwing it away. You have my word. 



Now, my worries are: 

More important: How can I use my health anxiety to help me quit without feeling awful and paralyzed by the fear of getting cancer/smoking-related diseases? I'm also scared of getting these diseases when I have already quit for a good while.

Less important: How can I keep hanging out with Anna unless she also abstains around me? How can I ask for her much-needed support without burdening her? For example, where I live you can still smoke inside a smoking area at the bars, and she'd have to come to the non-smoking area with me. Although I'm sure she'd be supportive, I can't help but feel upset that she so readily and willingly gave me a smoke when I drunkenly asked for one. But of course my actions are my responsibility not hers.

If you've read all of this, thank you so much for your time. Feeling pretty alone in this because I can't talk about my worries with my anti-smoking family and because my only friend here is a smoker not looking to quit. Even some kindness or words of encouragement would be greatly appreciated.