One month & seventeen days

At the end of last year I vowed to myself that 2015 was going to be *my* year, having smoked cannabis since early 2010 (2-4 joints a day) and tobacco since late 2005 (≈20 cigarettes a day). Aged respectively 18 and 14 back then, 23-year-old me is *still* filled with utter contempt for myself when I think of all the money I wasted over those years, essentially paying for a lower quality of life before a likely premature death. Evaluating my predicament, I found that the cannabis was the incubator (if not a root source) of my ongoing mood swings, depression and low self-esteem, while a decade of smoking tobacco had already started to show its effects on my appearance and bodily functioning.

And so, on the early morning of New Year's Day, I smoked my last joint and went to bed. Despite moments of weakness when I'm bored out of my mind, it has now been six months since my last hit. On January 16th, I started going to the gym to improve my physique. Although I need to dig ever deeper to find motivation, I feel great after every completed workout. In May, I applied for a psychiatrist to help me restructure my life after five years of smoking weed *erryday*. With weekly sessions having commenced last month, I already feel like we're moving ahead. And last but certainly not least, on June 1st at 5 o'clock in the morning, I finally smoked my last cigarette. Afterwards, there's been no vaping nor patches, simply chewing gum and willpower.

For the first two weeks, this was one of the most psychologically challenging things I've ever had to do, but right now it has been one month and seventeen days—and counting. As the smokers in my social circle continue to smoke around me, I'm no longer feeling the least bit tempted to join in, so I have good hope of staying smoke-free for the rest of my life. So there you go, my StopSmoking story in a nutshell. I'm going to continue reading submissions in this subreddit now, after these two questions:

It's been at least two weeks now; will my nose *ever* stop running? And what causes it; the regrowth of cilia, allergies that lie dormant when you smoke, or ...?