Day 55 Living Smoke-Free! How I did it...

Hi All,

55 days ago today I decided to finally quit. It was the first of the month & I figured it would be an easy quit-date to remember.


I had a fresh pack, & another pack with just 1 cigarette in it. I put my lighter in with the pack that had the 1 in it, & stashed it away in my desk drawer- in the back, so I wouldn't see it every time I opened the drawer. Then I hid the fresh pack on the bookshelf, along with the rolling papers (which I used to make rollies out of butts I'd find, when I'd run out & got desperate enough, which was remarkably often), out in plain sight. At the time I figured I'd do this to make it a bit more difficult, the benefit being that I'd be training myself to not smoke despite their being readily available- so I wouldn't be as likely to say 'yes' when offered one while out and about.


With the decision to quit firmly in mind, I spent the next month or so going along 'cold-turkey', & when I got a craving I would simply tell myself "I only _think_ I want a cigarette", being that deep-down I wanted to be a non-smoker.

After a few weeks I was able to help fight cravings by also thinking about all the money I've already saved & that helped me want to save even more money. I'd view my newfound savings as a casualty of picking up again, & I didn't want to give up all that money.


After about a month, I was at Wal-Mart & decided to buy a box of nicotine lozenges for $30. This because the last time I failed at quitting just after the 1 month mark, & I figured it would be wise to have a defence against that happening again. I at the first lozenge while waiting for the bus home from Wal-Mart, & remember feeling lightheaded from all that (4mg) nicotine in my system all at once after the long time without.


Now I'm almost done with the lozenges, after taking about 4 per day, give or take 2. I usually have one during a time when historically I'd have a smoke: waking up, during a break at work, with coffee, on my way walking somewhere, etc. Most of the time I have a lozenge, I get a gagging feeling several minutes into having it, and spit it out halfway done. I interpret this as my body rejecting all the nicotine & that this is a good thing.


My cravings are no longer for a smoke, but for a lozenge. And it happens noticeably less frequently as it did 24 days ago.


When smokers come in & walk past me at work after having had a smoke, I notice how awful it makes them smell. This helps me to feel grateful that I've had such luck so far giving it up. There's this one guy I work with who messes with me by holding a smoke in front of my face & says to me "C'mon, I know you want it...", & I'm able to say no without effort, it doesn't trigger me like would happen the first week or two.


There seems to be a bit of positive momentum that I gain by not smoking, which helps me stay stopped longer & longer. I don't know if I'll buy another box of lozenges or not, I don't think ahead like that, rather I take it as it comes, day by day. If I do get more lozenges, I'm sure it'll be the ones that are less than my current 4mg ones. They're quite expensive, so I hope I won't want or need to continue with them.