CONFESSIONS OF A CHAIN SMOKER

One of the guys at work shared this via mass email this morning thought this would be appropriate to post here.

CONFESSIONS OF A CHAIN SMOKER 

I like to smoke.  Scratch that.  I love to smoke.  I smoke while I drive.  I smoke on my breaks.  I smoke on my lunch.  I smoke to mark time and distance.  I smoke between chores on my honey-doo list.  I smoke two smokes before I smoke two smokes, and then I smoke two more.  My birthday cake shouldn’t have candles – it should have cigarettes sticking up out of it.  I smoke… well, you get the idea.  I enjoy smoking, and therein lies the problem.  I’ll be 50 years old this August (6th by the way – thank you in advance for your generosity).  At my age if your doctor opens a dialogue with “Listen here you moron…” and you find yourself huffing and puffing at the top of the stairs – after taking the elevator! – the dismissive eye-roll and I’ll-sleep-when-I’m-dead attitude just isn’t going to cut it anymore.  It’s time to sit down and take notice (sitting up is for non-smokers).  It’s time for a change.  Actually that time was long ago, but I’m talking to my fellow hard-cores out there:  better late than never, babies!

I suppose quitting smoking is a different experience for each person.  What works for one person may not work for another – but find what works!  For myself, I first cut down from a pack a day to a pack a week… it really wasn’t that hard to do.  I didn’t have to fight that cold-turkey fight, which I would have lost almost instantly, so it really came down to something I excel at:  procrastination!  “I think I’ll go out for a smoke… in just a little while.”  You’ve heard of superpowers – but what about superweaknesses?!  Use them.  Hell, you can lazy yourself away from smoking in a week flat!  Come on Superfriends – make those cigarettes wait like the laundry!  By the time I got down to two cigarettes per day I had to ask “why bother?”.  Now I am smoke-free and have no desire to return to the wreaths of smoke which once surrounded my head.  Oh, perhaps in my twilight years I’ll take up smoking a pipe in my leisure… crack or hookah, I haven’t decided which one yet.

The other night I dreamed that I was standing before the gates of Heaven.  Saint Peter was there, and he looked thrilled to see me.  “Hey, it’s about time!” he said jangling his keys, “Everybody’s inside waiting for you – we thought you’d never get here!” (you and me both, brother).  I was somewhat taken aback and extremely well-pleased to be so well received.  “Oh yes,” he went on, “you’re a big hit here; the Big Guy thinks you’re an absolute riot!”  Well alright, I thought, let’s not keep Him waiting.  “There’s just one little formality to take care of first,” spake Peter hesitantly, handing me a burlap sack and a staff with a pointy spike at one end.  “We’re going to need you to go back and pick up all your cigarette butts first.”

That’s when I woke up screaming.
