Posting to see my flair! One whole year!

Well, I did it. I made it to one year. It's either today or tomorrow. A year sober from nicotine. I used a 0 nicotine vape to combat wanting to smoke while drinking the first month and then nothing. I can't believe I did it.

How it happened - I'd been smoking for 11 years with a pause while I was pregnant 8 years ago. At no point during my pregnancy did I not want to smoke. I did it only because I was trying to be a good Mom. It was less than 2 weeks after having my son that I picked smoking back up like I'd never stopped. 

I'd tried to quit once or twice with no good results. The most successful I'd been was about a month, and I used a full nicotine e-cig the whole time. I don't count that as a true quit. I lied to myself all the time... That life was better with cigarettes in it... But we all know how this drug fucks with our minds.

One day, a year ago, I was driving and smoking and realized I didn't like the taste at all. It was the last cigarette in the pack. I tossed the last half of the cig out the window and decided I didn't want to do it any more. It wasn't easy. I immediately came to this sub and found info on Allen Carrs book. I had already stopped smoking, but I figured it wasn't a bad idea to supplement. Best decision I ever made. If you haven't read it, please do. Especially if you're in the first couple months. I have a PDF of it, you can PM me and I'll email it to you. My other helping hand was an app called "quit it". It keeps track of how much money you've saved, how many cigarettes you HAVEN'T smoked and all the health benefits you get as time goes on. I'm happy to say I've halved my risk of heart disease once I hit one year sober!

During the last year I've also lost about 45 pounds with 35 to go. I've changed my life goals and realized I CAN be successful if I put my whole self into it. I'll be turning 31 in a few days and I can't wait. 

If you're thinking about stopping, do it now. This time next year, you'll be celebrating one of the best anniversaries ever. Use your resources, lean on your friends and family... But most of all, believe in yourself. You are worth a better life. And even though nicotine likes you make you think life will be less exciting without it, it's fucking LYING to you. Life IS better without it. I promise. 

You can do it. You can do it now.