(Long post) Relapsed after 10 days: my learnings from my experience

Hello guys, so I'm 18 years old and have been smoking for 6 months. I wanted to quit mainly because I had breathing problems when I was working out & don't want to get cancer later in my life.

I've been left out by others since the very first day of high school. I've been depressed for a long time, attempted suicide & hurt myself numerous times. I'm getting psychologic help.

I love life outside of school. I am happy because I'm healthy, my family has enough money to feed me, buy new clothes & provide me a house. But I have to spend all my time in school dealing with bullies and people who look down on me.

I was basically a "loser" the first 3 years, but I decided to start working out late 2015. I've lost over 26 kg and picked up the "lone wolf" & "rebel" styles since I had no friends. So I thought I needed a cigarette to complete my look, just like James Dean. However, it was the worst decision of my life. I smoked half a pack every week day for 6 months.

But I feel like I am not addicted. I am genuinely not craving for a cigarette when I'm outside of school. I've spent 15 days of holidays without even thinking about smoking.

I don't enjoy smoking. I hate the feeling it gives me. I feel nothing but guilt while smoking. I don't like my heart beating faster than it should. I don't like having a constant headache. I don't like smelling like crap. I don't like the fact that I can't hug my mom without running to the bathroom to wash my face and hands.

I'm aware that it has 0 positive sides. But I feel so empty without a cigarette. I see that people who used to make fun of me look at me enviously when they see me wearing nice clothes and and smoking cigarettes. I am the grown up now, they are the little kids who need to find an antisocial guy to leave out.

However, this was my longest run without a cigarette (during school time) and I failed. I feel like I will never succeed until the summer. I'm going to Canada for university and I will start a whole new life there where I don't get left out and bullied and I won't need cigarettes. I want to wait a couple of months and never touch a cigarette again.

Thanks a lot if you've read the whole thing. I've got no one else to talk to and I wanted to hear your opinions on setting a quit date for mid-june.