tobacco in weed/hash joints risk

Hey, basically I'm a 20 year old student, I had smoked on and off a lot for years with my first cigarette at 16, spent the past year and a half smoking cigarettes very regularly but glad to say this past month have managed to quit! What helped a lot was having somebody there for me through it all (and I used 5 htp before sleeping, I don't know how much this helped) but I won't go into to my story too much as that's not the point of this post.
I will mention though that I decided to quit on the 6th of December, had my last cigarette on the 9th and had my last puffs of baccy in a hash joint on the 10th. So really I've been smoke free since the 10th.
I'm optimistic now that I can keep cigarettes out of my mouth, I've successfully gone drinking and declined cigarettes on a few occasions and feel I can go without them which is great. My main concern is that a lot of my friends at uni and home smoke weed. Not all the time or anything, but occasionally it's really nice to just have a calm evening smoking with friends right. The thing is everyone where I'm from rolls their weed with tobacco, and hash joints ofc have even more baccy. So obviously I fear that smoking weed with baccy will trigger my addiction again and undo all my progress. Is this likely? As I'm writing this I feel like the answer must be yes. Just wondering how cautious I should be about smoking joints. When I roll my own joints I'd definitely roll them without tobacco from now on and I was thinking about buying a hash pipe. It's just most of the time it's not my own weed going around you know.
Feels really good to be calm and not worrying about the next cigarette all the time. That was the main thing I hated, the constant withdrawal cycle, really started to realise it when I was spending lots of time with my girlfriend who doesn't smoke but a part of my mind would try to drag me away from her to go out and have a smoke. Not anymore. Anyway I've rambled on a bit with what's really a simple question. tbh it's probably just cos I feel really good and want to tell my story a bit haha.

TL;DR: Will smoking joints rolled with tobacco get me addicted again?