Trying to quit cold turkey

I've been subscribed to here for a while because I've been wanting to quit for a long time.  I'm sure there's probably been tons of posts like this, but I need to say something.  Need to type something to send it out into the ether if nothing else.

I've been smoking a pack+ for around 14 years.  I've tried vaping to some success, but once that breaks or somehow becomes unusable I run to the store to get a pack of Camels.  (I do not knock vaping, because I can see how it might help some people.  It sadly might be a case by case basis though.  This is purely my anecdotal experience with it all.  And fuck what I think!  I've yet to beat this dumb addiction yet anyway!  haha!) 

I'm really ashamed to say it's only been 4 days, almost 5, and I'm having a fucking fit.  lol.. It's gotta sound stupid.  But I'm trying all I can to get my mind off of it.  It would be so easy to drive to the store and get my fix, but I really want to break it this time.

I'm not sure why I typed this or what it is I hope to accomplish in doing so, other than just sort of screaming at something.  The Clichés are NOT helping ("one day at a time."  I'VE BEEN SMOKING 20+ A DAY FOR ALMOST A DECADE AND A HALF.  BIG FUCKING DEAL I'VE BEEN 4 DAYS WITHOUT ANY!)  

I think typing this has been sort of a catharsis.  I certainly won't turn down words of encouragement, because I know that it does come from a good place.  Even the Clichés!  I don't fault anyone or hold any animosity towards the people for encouraging me.  It's just, FUCK YOU GIVE ME A CIGARETTE!

Anyway.  I'm a big fat baby.  It's been hard for me to sleep the past few days (other reasons besides smoking have kept me from that too, but honestly, it's not fucking helping) and it's consuming my mind.

Anyway, thank you for reading.  I sincerely empathize with anyone else on the same journey, and have huge respect for those that have conquered this addiction.  If I somehow beat this, I'll definitely be here to lend what wisdom, if any, I gain from this.  I feel like I'm about to look up and see a baby crawling on the fucking ceiling at any minute! :P  

It's been one of the roughest things I've done and it's been less than a week.  Anyway, enough with the fucking moaning from me.  I'm going to tough this shit out.  Feeling this powerless against this is stupid dammit.  

Wish me luck, pals.  

*I'm edit fucking happy.  Partly because I need an editor I can keep with me at all times and partly because I'm jittery as hell right now.  Oh, well.  Hope it's legible.  And I do appreciate you guys putting up with my rambling.  