I found a way to stop smoking. 4 Days so far smoke free. But it isn't the best method.

I have tried to quit many times. I would always give in eventually however I am going to do it this time. I found MY way, but it isn't the best way. It may be even the worst way. I have tried all the aides, (eCigs, patches, gum etc.) but they never worked. I was still getting the nicotine and still had cravings to actually pick up a smoke. When I tried to quit this time (Friday night) I made it until 7PM Saturday before giving in. 

I went to the store down the street and was going to buy a pack. However, I had a idea so crazy it just might work. I bought a tin of Chewing tobacco. You know, the stuff that is utterly gross and makes your mouth look like diarrhea city? Yeah, that stuff. I figured out why I couldn't quit right there and then. I had been smoking for so long, I developed a habit of smoking itself, not just the addiction. I thought the eCigs might work in this situation but it didn't. Why? Because I was still putting a stick in my mouth. Now however, I am not. I found out that I need to stop the lifestyle of smoking before I need to quit tobacco.

I have been SMOKE free for 3 days now, and I can already feel my lungs getting better. I am coughing up all the crap in there, and I am able to breath more than before. I will continue this until my tin is up, which shouldn't be more than a week. By that time I am off the habit of Smoking. 

After that I just have to stop chewing. "That's just stupid, you just traded one addiction for another." and on any other day of the week you would be correct. However, for ME that won't happen. I have been smoking for Years, where I have only been chewing for a Max week. A habit for a week is easier to quit than a habit that I have had for years. (Plus I find chewing absolutely gross) So that way I am going to quit is Smoking first, Nicotine second. Fighting both at once is almost impossible (for me) but if I get tactical and beat them one by one, it will be easier for me and I will quit. This may not be the way for anyone else, but it sure is best way for me.

EDIT: 3 days. I can't math