Hello Reddit.. I need some advice

Hi Guys,

Quick background on me:

I'm 19 years old and am currently working full time in the UK as an office administrator. I start university in September for 4 years and will be continuing to work for as long as possible. I have been smoking since I was about 15 years old. I'm around 5'8 and weigh about 10 stone smoking mostly rollups/tobacco/rollyourown (depending where your from) but more recently straights/cigarettes. 

About my smoking:

I first tried to stop smoking when I was about 17 in Wales with my cousin and did so very easily as I spent most of my time in the Gym or by the beach i.e. keeping myself very occupied. Being young and unaware.. I started again...

November last year was my second attempt at stopping smoking, and my most successful. I felt absolutely great and looked very healthy from exercise, a better diet and the lack of s*** in my system. I quit with the help of E-cigarettes very easily and was very confident and happy moving on. I had a few cigarettes here and there but with the help of the E-Cig I could easily dispose of cravings. I experienced few withdrawal symptoms except some bowel problems like constipation. What I found strange was that, unlike quitting before, and unlike what I have heard from others, my appetite decreased. I quit from then until about 4 weeks ago. I started again...

Around the start of February my I went to the doctors with stomach problems. I was diagnosed with Irritable Bowel Syndrome after a test for Coeliacs wheat intolerance and Chron's disease came back negative. I was told that there were few 'cures', but I should consider changing my diet to get more soluble fibre and cut out alcohol and caffeine-which I did and still do. My condition got slowly worse and other symptoms developed like dizziness from bloating, indigestion and severe constipation. I was put on medication for depression which i was told will also help with the IBS cramps. Yet nothing worked... It was not until I started smoking again when I realised what may be causing my IBS. 

I have been smoking again for about a month and although my stomach problems crop up occasionally, they are no where near as painful and debilitating as they were when I was not smoking. It seems strange to think that something so horrible as smoking is keeping my pain at bay to an extent I cant explain in words. The relief is bliss after 3 months of constant pain and depression. After 4 weeks I hate smoking again. My skin is pale and my chest feels horrible when I work out, but the knowledge of this connection between my IBS and smoking makes the thought of quitting more daunting then usual. Withdrawal symptoms are tough to deal with but I like to think I deal with them very well and dispose of cravings pretty easily. It is the 3 months of debilitating pain and depression that makes this hard.

The IBS is just horrible. Frankly, the doctors aren't much help. They tell me that I just have to deal with IBS and that I'm simply not trying hard enough to quit smoking. I've been on patches which worked very well and did not crave at all. Got to 4 days and boom the problems started again. I persevered for a week but I couldn't do it. Constantly at 8/10 on the pain scale. 

I don't use reddit much apart from browsing on the bus sometimes on the way to work. But a lot of people seem pretty nice on here (makes a change compared to some imageboards/forums I subscribe to). I would like some information/advice.

Has anyone else experienced these symptoms when quitting/smoking? How did you cope? Natural remedies? 
Has anyone had any issues with Electronic Cigarettes? Do you think they could have caused my upset stomach?

I apologise if this post seems a bit excessive and i'm sure some of you think I'm exaggerating. Anyone whos tried and failed to quit knows how hard it is. I know its in my best interests to quit smoking. I do not enjoy it any more and can acknowledge the adverse effects it has on my health. I guess I just need some reassuring and some advice about how to tackle my problem.

Hope you can help guys 
Peace x


