Finally quit after 30 years and 1.5 packs/day, yeah! // 1 week + 4.5 days

Today I write my first post here. I look back on 30 years of smoking with 30 cigarettes a day. I made 6-7 attempts  to quit so far. During the last one (after an Allan Carr Training) I managed to not smoke for 9 weeks. Problem was that I replaced cigarettes with sweets and I had to sit a lot at my desk and work on urgent stuff. So I gained 6 kilos!  So I started smoking again. I thought a lot of „why I do not want to smoke“ in my life, but gaining weight is no option for me. 

My weight is always a topic and I tend to be overweight. 2 months ago, I decided to really stop alls this. I loose weight, do a lot of sports (Running, Freeletics, Crossfit, Weightlifting), and want to finish with the weight problem, like really. I had the idea that once I am really fit In half a year or one year, I’ll quit smoking. 
But then my husband came up with: „Within two days, I quit smoking.“ Wow! 

My first reaction was:  „Okay, I am in!“, then I was afraid, then I thought that I am not prepared, I was afraid again. But since I change so much in my life right know (I was always a person who changes a lot at once) and since I found out about some limiting beliefs which I had, I could also clean up with some false assumptions about smoking. So I did it: 1 week and 4 days ago I quit.

This time, I am so very convinced of not smoking anymore. And this time, I have some help: I love the „Smoke Free“ app and I really appreciate this forum here - thank you, all of you! And I use nicotine patches. I made the first week with level 3, now I am on level 2, next week level 1. And it helps me A LOT. All my attempts before, I did them cold turkey. And I always found that I miss the act of smoking itself. But now, having still the nicotine, but not the smoking, I find that I can easily live without smoking! I love to not wear so much stuff around with me. I just can work through and don’t need to make a break just because of lack of nicotine. I do enough breaks, but not forced by an addiction. I am not stressed by the urge to smoke one. I don’t stink. Our daughter (7 yrs.) is so happy. And so on and so on. Smoking never ever prevented me from gaining weight or from overeating (useless/wrong quitting attempts excluded). Smoking/nicotine does nothing for me, the opposite is the case.

Sometimes I think of getting rid of the nicotine right now and to stop using the patches. But no, I’ll stick to it! It is going so well right now, I do not want to put anything at risk here. I just want to get used to not smoking for 1.5 weeks more.