After smoking for 14 years I've been cigarette free for about 10 months now. Just thought I'd share my experience

Both my parents are smokers. Growing up I was always around it, so when the opportunity to smoke a cigarette arose, I took it. Started smoking around the age of 13. 

Until recently, I smoked one full pack of Marlboro Reds a day, and like most of you... I fucking loved it.

A buddy of mine started smoking E-Cigs, the ones you buy at a specialty store, [They looked like this.](http://www.vaporultra.com/product_images/uploaded_images/stepupego-t.jpg) Now I was skeptical at first, always telling him that it wasn't gonna work and he'll be back on the real cigs in no time. Low and behold 2 months later he's cigarette free. So I threw away the Marlboros and picked up one of these e-cigs for 50 bucks. 

I haven't even had a drag of a cigarette in the past 10 months, 7 months of which I was using an E-cig. Now before any of you are like "Hey, e-cigs aren't good for you either, that doesn't count as quitting" (Even though no one knows for sure what the long term affects of e-cigs are) I AGREE WITH YOU. 

BUT... an E-cig is the perfect transitional lubricant between smoking and not smoking. Don't consider it a replacement for cigarettes, consider it a healthy alternative while you learn to cope with altering your smoking routines. Smoking when you wake up, after you eat etc... 

One day I left the ecig at home, I worked a full day and didn't even realize that I didn't have it. So when I got home I said screw it and put it away. haven't touched it in 3 months now. 

From my experience getting used to smoking the e-cig makes you realize that you don't NEED cigarettes. once you're on the e-cig long enough you'll realize you're not as addicted to that as you were cigarettes making it a lot easier to toss it and live the smoke free life. I love it, I don't have cravings barely at all anymore (maybe the slightest bit when I'm drinking but nothing I can't deal with)

Sorry for the long winded story but I thought I'd just try and give a rundown for anyone not strong enough to go cold turkey or sick of other alternatives. 

Feel free to ask any questions!

**tl;dr - I Quit smoking after 14 years using an E-cig. Then I quit smoking everything all together because it's much easier to stop smoking an e-cig than it is to quit smoking regular cigarettes. The ecig just makes the process a little longer, but a lot easier.**

GOOD LUCK!