Quitting, this time for good. My short story and a question...

Hi all.  I just came across r/stopsmoking and hope I can be of help to some of you going through this struggle along with me.  I am fed up with this habit, and if all goes as planned earlier this afternoon I smoked my last cigarette.

I have smoked for 7 years.  I was a habitual marijuana smoker who ended up on supervised probation because of some bad decisions.  My roommates kept using, and to stop the urge to indulge I would have a cigarette while they were passing the pipe around.  One a day turned to two, which snowballed in to a pack a day.

For the last two years I have been rolling my own, buying locally grown zero additive tobacco and stuffing filter tubes.  I have been down to half a pack a day since April...I quit on March 1st and went the whole month of March without smoking.  I was doing great, a week after quitting my father had a stroke and I went through that whole ordeal without picking up.  Some time in the first week of April I had some friends over, the beer was going down great, and I let myself down by having a smoke.  The next day it was like I never quit.

I am completely fed up with this habit.  I often light a cigarette and only smoke about half before getting disgusted with myself and putting it out.  I just decided out of the blue this afternoon I am going to quit, and this time I am damn determined to stay quit.

The hardest part of not smoking the last time I made an attempt was my wife is a smoker as well.  We talk about it, she says she would be willing to try, but has yet to follow through.  This is fine, we do not smoke in our vehicles or in our house so I am never confined to a space with her smoking in front of me, but it makes this more challenging knowing that there are cigarettes within reach while we are together.

This is where my question lies: has anyone been in a situation where you are quitting but your SO continues to smoke?  How did you deal with staying away from them smoking, but not completely avoiding them all together?  I am hoping she will see me going strong and follow suit...I guess time will tell.

Thank you all for the inspirational posts I have read, I will keep you all posted on my progress.  If you would like to share any additional tips please do...