Starting over after the worst week of my life.

So I decided to quit vaping about 6 weeks ago. I started seeing a counselor and was doing well with cutting back, until I got serious about losing the little bit of weight I have left to lose (I’ve lost total over the last 2.5 years over 50 pounds, but keep gaining and losing the same 15, and never lose the last 20). I started tracking EVERYTHING I eat, working out 4 days/week, and it seemed to make quitting vaping harder. So I talked to my counselor and my doctor and decided to start Wellbutrin. On my 6th day, I was feeling great, and didn’t vape at all (didn’t want to), and driving home from work had a major panic attack, had to have my husband come pick up me and our child. With no history of anxiety or depression, I knew it had to be the Wellbutrin, so I stopped it immediately, but the last week has been the worst of my life. I have had several untriggered panic attacks, followed by crying spells, and for several hours a day feel like I’m living in a fog. I couldn’t drive. I did see my doctor and he agreed it was the Wellbutrin, and that I would just have to wait for it to leave my system. Finally yesterday (after 8 days of this nightmare) I started to feel normal again. I’m going to try driving today.  I have a new respect for anyone who deals with anxiety and depression, because holy shit, it is terrible to just be sitting on the couch and all of a sudden a voice tells you you are going to die for no reason, and that your life is shit (my life isn’t shit, I’m actually pretty fucking happy), and you’re too stupid to drive or take care of your kid, even though you’ve been the best mother for the whole 3 years of her life.   

Anyway, I did still vape last week while waiting on the Wellbutrin to get out of my system, just not as much, just because I felt so stressed out at the whole situation. (Also, I knew the med made me not want to vape, and I hate this medication so much that I was kind of vaping as a fuck you to it), but I didn’t have the cravings. Now that I’m feeling back to normal I’m starting over cold turkey and I know I have to quit or else this whole experience would’ve been for nothing. So, I’m kind of back at day 1, trying to quit again. 

TL;DR: I had bad side effects of Wellbutrin last week and now that I’m off it, I’m back to quitting vaping cold turkey. 