Non-tobacco/nicotine snus as a substitute? What are the side effects?

I'm not sure this is the right forum to post this, but I am wondering about this as a means to stop smoking, and I don't want to post on any pro-tobacco subreddits. If this is not the most appropriate forum, can someone point me to a subreddit where I can get more detailed answers?

I've tried quitting so many times. It never sticks. I've tried cold turkey, gradually quitting, substituting with gum/lollipops/nuts... So far the best success I've had is by substituting with... snus. In other words, *far* from ideal. (For those of you who don't know, snus is a smokeless tobacco, most often it comes in a little baggie that you put under your lip). Smokeless tobacco is actually a lot (more than I expected!) less dangerous than smoking, but of course I want to quit this too. Unfortunately, mostly it's the oral fixation that I can't seem to kick, and of all the things I've tried, only snus has been a successful substitute. Probably because along with keeping my mouth busy (as did gum/lollipops/etc.) it has a tobacco flavour. 

So, I want to quit snus too. A few days ago, I heard about non-tobacco, non-nicotine snus. I'm willing to try it as the next step towards getting rid of all these addictions. I'm wondering if anyone knows if non-tobacco/nicotine snus has any other health effects, however. For example, I used to be an avid runner, then picked up smoking (WHY?!) and aside from the obvious lung problems, nicotine messes with your heart rate and therefore endurance. So for example: non-tobacco/nicotine usually includes ginseng, will this mess with my heart rate as well? Does non-tobacco/nicotine snus stain my teeth? Will it corrode my gums? Etc, etc, anything useful you want to share.

Here's an ingredient list of the brand Kickup, if anyone happens to know a bunch about such things:

microcrystalline cellulose (E460), water, Bio X20 (inulin, magnesium, niacin, zinc, vitamin E (antioxidant), pantothenic acid, B6, riboflavin, thiamine, folic acid, biotin, selenium (antioxidant), B12), salt, sweetener (xylitol, E950), aroma, sodium alginate, preservative (potassium sorbate), guarana (source of caffeine), acidity regulator (sodium bicarbonate), ginseng, vitamin C (antioxidant), niacin

TL;DR: Cold-turkey is NOT working. Thinking about substituting with non-tobacco/nicotine snus as a step toward quitting entirely. What are the health effects, or what subreddit should I post to for answers?