Well 165 and i smoked. rant manly to my self or you idk f-cking know. ; )

Im not really sure how i feel about this.  I've smoke two so far.  I think im gonna smoke one more and continue not to smoke.  I had some much stress building up on me and didnt really know how to relieves myself.  My parents stressing me out.  My life stressing me out.  Not having a job stressing me out.  Not nothing what to do stressing me out.  My porn addiction stressing me out.  Being alone stressing me out.  My thoughts stressing me out.  I know smoking didn't solve any of it but it did put me on hold for a bit.  Im going crazy.  Smoking really isn't a problem for me or maybe it is.  I know what i need but dont know how to get there.  Im looking for a stress free life but i dont think this exist.  I dont want to go back to my old job.  I dont want to go to school.  I dont want to do a lot of thing but know i have to but im not doing.  I feel like im dieing and there no way i can control anything.  My mind was clottered with thought.  So i broke down and smoked.  I dont really feel bad about it or bad about it.  It just was.  I vowed to never buy a pack of smokes.  I had some laying around and said what the heck.  Took my dogs for a walk and light it up.  Then a little later i had a cup of coffee and had another one.  I have one more and i think that will be my last for a while.  Im a little ashamed that i scum to smoking.  It doesn't solve any problems.  I have so many problems that i can't solve.  I feel so lost in what to do with my life.  I've been living like this for 4 years.  Working a shit job and wasting my time thinking just thinking.  Think about crap i could do with my life.  Go get a trade go to school.  Get another job.  I think im just a spoiled lil brat that has it to good to know it.  Family that loves me and a home to live in.  I take for granted and feel like shit bc i want something more.  I want to be something but i dont know what.  Im a coward.  I can't do anything.  Im afraid of making mistakes.  Im so into escapism.  That i turn my life into one big escape and now i want out but i can't escape for escape.  Im always stuck on myself.  To afraid to ask for help.  Im hopeless.  I could be doing so much more.  I must have big metal problems.  How do you solve metal problems?  Medication?  Id rather just continue to smoke if thats the answer.  Well im hopeless.  Life is so what hopeless.  caged in suburbia.  Ill grow old and hate my self for not doing anything.  I think all my addiction where really addictions there just things to get my mind off of the questions i cant answers or to afraid to face.  Well that was a lot of bull shit.  I got problems and so does everyone else.  Pick you poison and die blind.  Thanks for read or thanks for writing.         