4 Days in and this is the first time I'm certain I can quit forever. Problem is I feel like I'm cheating...

10 year former smoker here. I've tried to quit in a serious way 4 times, but in the back of my mind I always knew I hadn't smoked my last cigarette. No matter how much I hated my habit. The thing I loathe the most about smoking is waking up to my stinky cigarette hand next to my face on my pillow after a long night of drinking. Absolutely the most disgusting thing on this planet. Drinking has always been my downfall with cigarettes. I lose all sense of willpower, and wake up with a horrible nicotine hangover every time. 

I tried to quit cold turkey and lasted about a month and before I began sneaking cigs on my nights out. I tried the patch because I heard it would put so much nicotine in my system that smoking would make me sick. It just gave me panic attacks and heart palpitations. I tried gum. I hated the spicy burn it had, and I often still wanted a cigarette an hour later when the gum buzz wore off. I tried vaping and it was expensive, leaky, dorky looking, a pain in the ass to keep charged, and just didn't give me that back of the throat hit I craved. Often I would find myself more addicted to nicotine than with my usual smoking habit, and went back to my American spirits with a furious apatite, smoking twice what I used to for a month or so.

The thing that finally changed for me, and it feels like cheating, is I found something I like even more than cigarettes. Something even more addictive and satisfying, and it scares me a little. I got a Juul.

It hits the back of my throat and my brain in a way no other vape ever has. In a way only that first smoke of the day can. Two hits and I'm swimming in an instant delicious nicotine head rush. It charges so fast (under an hour), doesn't have a bunch of parts to maintain, and warns me when it's running low on battery so it doesn't crap out on me at the bar. The battery lasts exactly as long as one pod so it takes the most minimal effort to keep it running. It hits perfectly every time and tastes amazing. I can use it almost anywhere because it is so small and discrete and the smell doesn't hang in the air. I don't feel self conscious using it in public. And it might be cheaper than my smoking habit, though we'll see. I'm obsessed with this thing. But I also feel like it has me hooked on nicotine on a whole new level. And I'm a little scared. It only took me 3 days to go through a pod, and one pod is supposed to be equivalent to a whole pack of cigarettes. I was rarely more than a pack a week smoker, unless I was having a serious party weekend, and most of those were bummed out to friends. I find myself wanting to hit it all the time. But I haven't wanted a cigarette even once. Not last night when I was drinking red wine with a bunch of my smoker roommates on the porch. Not this morning with my cup of coffee. Not after the big greasy burger I had for lunch. Not during my long drive home from work. Not while I was doing my homework on a heavy dose of Adderall. Not when I was feeling kinda gassy crampy and constipated and needed a little help taking a nice big shit. My Juul has me covered. I love it. I love it so much it worries me. They don't make lower concentration pods, and they definitely don't make nicotine free pods. Their juice contains nicotine salts instead of freebase nicotine like most e liquids, and this shit is like crack. Whoever created Juul knows what they are doing. I am subscribed to their monthly delivery of pods and completely beholden to them. But at least I'm not smoking. So long as I have this thing in my pocket, I know I won't ever smoke another cigarette again. I've never felt this certain I was done in my life. I guess I should be happy, but moving on to what feels like a much stronger addiction was not what I had in mind...