Sometimes- Family seriously sucks

Have you noticed that the things that made you smoke before have become absolutely intolerable now?  

Example:  family members who are assholes.  

Before, when I had to be around them I would smoke and take extra anxiety medication to be able to deal with them.  I could go into days of details about these people but it's not worth it.  They are not worth it.  

Anyway, I'm having a really hard time dealing with their drama bullshit that they always seem to drag me into.  The desire to pull in and buy a pack of cigarettes was so great this morning that it actually took my breath away.  I didn't give in but good gosh would it have been nice to have that quick/easy instant way to calm down.

I'm trying to cut the toxic family members out of my life but still have a relationship with my parents.  It's so upsetting to have to even talk to these people and I don't know how much longer I can fight these cravings when they are so damn strong.  I know cigarettes are NOT the answer...but it's one thing I know that makes me feel better mentally (of course, not physically) instantly.  

Sometimes I wonder if there is some unknown force out there in the universe that wants to see us fail.  A force besides the horrible step siblings that I've had to deal with my whole life.  A force that knows we are in the fight of our lives and is working against us.  If so, what an asshole that force is.

It's leaps and bounds easier to quit when you don't have stress going on in  your life.  The first few weeks were not so bad, then my dad got sick and the money grubbing pieces of shit are coming out of the woodwork.  Ha.  I laugh when I say stress.  I am a 911 Operator, the second most stressful job in the world, and it doesn't affect me even close to the way of having to deal with my family does...that's a strong indication of  how awful they are.

I'm sorry if I unloaded on you guys.  I needed to get this out of me, so I am putting it out into the universe in hopes that it eases my craving.  I'm going to keep sucking my hard candy and telling myself over and over that I am worth not hurting myself and hope that tomorrow it won't be so bad.  