meditation and yoga experience

I've smoked for 6 years. For about the last year, I have been telling myself that I want to quit permanently. I graduated art school 2 years ago; smoking was practically a prerequisite for existence during those four years... After graduation I was still riding this high of the surreal life, but things have been slowly falling back to reality recently. Last fall I quit for two months because of feelings for a girl (but then that horribly backfired), and have stopped for a few weeks at a time in the past, but nothing has been like this...

Smoking has always been a way to sort of stop time for me. I got used to smoking on breaks from working or while socializing. It always maintained this timeless quality where I could be free with my thoughts for a while, take in nature or my surroundings, or have a great conversation. But it began to morph into a deep addiction when I used it to get out of situations, or look for reasons to smoke when I could be doing something more productive, or simply because I felt that I should because it became habit (driving, eating, drinking, weed, etc). I kept telling myself that I had to maintain some sort of image of myself and that smoking was definitely a part of that image. 

However, for the last three months or so, likely due to anxiety caused by smoking, my cigarette intake began flying upwards. I went from smoking 7-8 a day, to full packs in a matter of weeks. I started feeling some horrible physical and mental effects and knew that I was only making things worse. I was falling into this insane spiral and just had to drop it all. 

So I did. In addition to keeping up a simple attitude, healthy diet, some basic exercises (natural high!), drinking plenty of juice, and generally chilling out (deep, engaging videogames, books, hobbies, etc), I looked into some basic yoga poses to try out for stimulating my breathing... 

I literally cannot believe how helpful, beyond all other things, this has been when dealing with those deep pits of despair you can fall into so easily. You push yourself into a state that I can only describe as a holy sort of suffering, which, when you are feeling pressured, can re-calibrate and reinvigorate you within minutes to feeling ecstatic about simply being alive, let alone not smoking. 

I've been into deep meditation for a while, but I truly think anyone can do this to curb their most base desires and addictions. I do about 15 minutes of extremely basic yoga each morning, maybe a little more later in the day if an urge starts getting intense, and before bed I will consciously meditate for about an hour with or without the help of Solfeggio tones (google/youtube them).

Overall, I'm five days into this, and feel like I have a shadow version of myself just outside of my consciousness telling me to smoke, but I am definitely fully in control of my actions and thoughts and everything. It's liberating as fuck, literally.

I'd highly recommend it. I just joined reddit to post this because of finding and loving this thread for the extra support. 

Here's a good list of starter poses that worked for me if you're interested. Just take it easy and don't expect to be a master. Know your limits, push yourself honestly, be consistent, and take it all to heart. http://www.menshealth.com/fitness/best-poses-men 

Good luck, guys. It's really not worth it, you just have to find the strength in yourself to see it for yourself. 