Soon three weeks in and kinda getting weak.

Hi wonderful people,

this is my first reddit post ever but I've been following this subreddit occasionally since I stopped smoking three weeks ago and I am astonished how supporting an internet community can be. 

I've lived overseas for a year in a country where it's pretty easy to stop smoking because pretty much nobody smokes and it's way to expensive to afford it. So after seven years of intense smoking, I managed to stop for half a year. However, four months ago I came back to my home city in Germany where everybody seemed to smoke in every bar and club. That, and being with my old smoking friends made me smoke again as if I'd never stopped. First thing in the morning, last thing at night. I told myself, you gonna do that for a couple of months and then quit another time. So I did. Three weeks ago I quit again and it went pretty good at first. 

Over the last couple days however I smoked joints with friends. I went out partying, was really really craving for a cigarette and a joint was passed around which I gladly accepted. The next two days I smoked two to three joints each day. Now is my second day "without" smoking again and I am craving for cigs so badly. I kinda feel like my willpower is reduced to a point where I can't take this permanent pressure and nervousness anymore. I am chewing on the skin of my fingers like crazy, sometimes it starts to bleed.

I can do it, I know I can. And I know it's way better for me. I feel better, have more energy, am able to breath better and my teeth get less disgusting. It's just so hard. I have a friend who stopped smoking for two whole years and just picked it up again. How is life bearable if you are craving for cigarettes for the rest of your life? Well, I guess that's the same for smokers and I know people say one should quit one day at a time.

I guess this whole story is not very interesting but I wanted to share my experience and am hoping for some wise and hopegenerating words :-)

Cheers