Planned the day, followed through. Passed the one week mark cigarette free now.

Long in advance I had decided to quit on the 30th of June. On that date I was moving to a new apartment; a good incentive for me to kick out some bad habits as I was changing completely my environment.

I've tried many time to stop without proper preparation and failed miserably and quickly each and every time. I new I needed to hype myself and work myself into actually WANTING to quit. Not just an idea, something to try but actually a real project with planning and set goals.

In the three months before the move I curbed down my smoking to 8 a day - all taken at specific times, the last few weeks I smoked only half cigarettes. Then on the day of the move I quit cold turkey. It's been more than a week now. The first week I was on vacation and focussing on cleaning up and setting up my new place - not too many cravings, and I found it easy(ish) to distract myself by doing chores and just going out and walking in my new hood.

Now in my second week, I'm back to work and finding it a bit harder: got more triggers in that well established routine. Focussing on the positives: how much money I'm already saving, the sense of smell and taste seems already to come back a bit more. More than a week now and it was not that painful, let's keep it up! I intend to live long and in good health!

The next few weekends I'll have more challenges with some quality times with friends - some of them still smokers - camping and boozing. My plan is to bring a lot of candies and snacks to distract myself with and take a hike away from the others when the urges become too strong.

In general I found that walking is the (second) best way to ride the cravings when they come. It diffuses a bit of the energy, allow me to think and focus on why I'm quitting. The best way is eating junk food and candies - I need to keep this in check but it's a good fall-back when the urges get stronger or when it's impossible to take a 10 minutes break.

And contrary to a lot of what I'm reading here: I found that drinking coffee and booze actually help me fight the cravings. This little hit of caffeine in the day or this little "kicking down a notch" of a drink in the evening actually replace some of the the nicotine hit's purpose. I'm not talking getting drunk here, just a strategically placed replacement.

I've been lurking this subreddit for more than a year now. Thank you all for your indirect support and the help in building my plan and finding motivation/inspiration in tricking myself into kicking this addiction out of my life.