It's now or never

I'm 22.  Figure now's the right time to stop. Started a few years ago casually. As a 'social smoker'. Eventually started buying my own packs, smoking alone and at this point I suck down 4 to 6 a day.  Sometimes to deal with stress, sometimes from habit, sometimes just cause I'm already outside so may as well.  I've definitely consistently owned a pack of cigs for a year now.  
I tried cold turkey a few months back and couldn't do it.  I went through two rough days and a sweaty, shivering, sleepless night but I cracked at the end of day two.    

I'm trying something new this time.  I got a cheap vape and medium level nicotine juice.  Gonna work that for a week and switch to lower nicotine.  After that I'll switch to zero-nicotine juice and just hit the thing for taste--I figure that might make it easier.  

I gotta do this now.  I've just finished college and got a few weeks before I start work and being a 'real adult'. I'm young but I've already felt the side effects...being winded after a flight of stairs, feeling short of breath etc.  I've got some low-stress weeks coming up so there's no better time on the horizon.  I got my vape to keep it easy and have been careful not to hit it like crazy and I got a plan to cut down.  
Back when I first started smoking the lie I told myself was that it was fine cause I was young.  Just being a dumb kid.  Well, here I am about to enter the real world so it's now or never.  I'm done.  I'm done denying that I'm somehow not addicted.  I'm done caving to the pressure. I'm done lying to myself I could quit any time. 

I've been off cigs for two days now, using my vape to curb the cravings when I start going nuts.  It's been bad at times but no where near as bad as cold turkey.  I got this. Small steps.  

Thanks for reading if you've read this far. Just figured I'd share.  I got friends supporting me but none of them smoke so it's not the same.  If anyone's got tips on how not to get hooked on the vape I wouldn't mind hearing those either I guess.  