10 hours into my second, and last, quit. I had a realization last night that made this so easy.

I'm in my late twenties and I've been smoking since I was 15, with the exception of one and a half years where I was quit. 

Last time I quit had an odd justification behind it, which I believe led to my eventual smoking again. I have Body Dysmorphic Disorder, which means I get obsessive and compulsive about aspects of my appearance that I consider flawed, but which in actuality, are perfectly normal. Last time, I quit because I was obsessed with the "wrinkles" and deep smoke lines around my mouth (they weren't actually there, It was in my head). I would spend literally hours a day looking in the mirror, poking and prodding at my "flaws" and crying and just generally giving in to my obsessive thoughts. I was suicidal most of the time. So, I quit because of my disorder. And I didn't miss them, not for a single second. Only three days after quitting, I was out drinking with smoker friends  and felt no desire to smoke myself. 

The problem was, that eventually I got diagnosed and treated for my disorder. Being on medication was making it easier to handle my compulsions and my obsessive thoughts. I was no longer suicidal. I was able to think rationally about my face, and acknowledge that what I see doesn't reflect reality. This led me back to smoking. You see, it had been the only reason I quit, and if it was in my head, then I reasoned that it didn't matter. It started as having one when I was out drinking, and it finally led to where I was yesterday, smoking a pack a day and being pretty miserable about it. 

This time, I've been thinking about quitting for a while, but I naively thought I needed a reason to do it, and I told myself that if I didn't really want to, then it wouldn't work, so I should just wait until I wanted to. Of course, this was a lie the addiction told me. A lie to keep myself smoking as long as I could. Of course, I did want to quit. After every cigarette, my throat hurt and I just felt miserable. Last night, I made a decision. I decided to come off my medication. I thought that if I could let those obsessive thoughts creep back in, I could be free of nicotine again. I was willing to live through hell, to become suicidal and hate every moment I was alive, just to quit smoking. And then I realised. I don't need that. I don't need obsession to fuel myself to quit. If I was willing to risk killing myself to quit smoking, then I'm pretty sure I can just quit smoking. Of course I want to. It's the addiction that's kept me smoking so long. The warped idea that smoking helps me, that it's a crutch and a support and way of relaxing. 

I can live without it again, and this time, my enjoyment of being a non smoker isn't going to be fueled by mental illness.