Oh my god the ANGER

Hey guys, im on day 13 and have run in to a slight, major problem. Anger and depression that have no reason, or chill. They just are. The depression, not so new but its being exasperated pretty bad with the anger rn.

I dip btw, but the quit dipping sub is pretty dead and yall just prefer a different delivery system TBH. Same addiction. Sry if thats not ok, wanted to get this out now instead of running to grab a can. 

I have to take a cert for work. I kinda blew it off and now i have to cram it in but i still have like a month to get it done. I was so angry i had to do the thing at all I literally bit into a study guide  and screamed i was so irritated. Its in a friggin month. Its for my job! its to establish a minimum of competency! Why  am i so irritated i wanted to throw the guide through a window and tell my boss to get fucked (who is such a sweet lady btw)!?

When does that go away? This stupid, dull, burning, anger man. I cant think, I'm having controlling my moods, which is new. I never get angry, or flustered, irritated, i cannot be flapped normally! not today! Im a goddamn humming bird today just flappin all over the place. Im ready to pick a fight with a Grizzly Bear. And i cannot get this anger to chill 
 out. I cant meditate it away (end up quiet and angry), i cant lift it away(sore and angry then angry I'm sore), I cant jack-it-off away (tried, fun but unproductive) Im getting kinda worried someone is gonna say something innocuous and pleasant, like "Wow, its a really pretty day" and ill respond with "WHAT DID YOU SAY ABOUT MY DICK MOTHER FUCKER!?" and just whoop his ass. This emotional regulation is a problem. I'm trying to work trauma. Emotions need to be on lockdown or at least controllable.This has got to be under control. 

I can tell when i forget a nicotine patch, jesus i almost flipped out at my study group today because i couldnt remember some pretty basic anatomy (Kept mixing up Trochanter and Trabeculae, NOT even close to the same thing) so, yeah i cant think straight either. 


When does this stop? Please tell me it does. I cant keep living like this. How did yall manage to wrangle it under control? Im just... i dunno im working on wrangling it back, pretty successfully but if i forget a patch i just lose it. Im usually very pleasant. It really bothers me being this angry. 