One Month Smoke Free. Thank You All So Much!!

Hi everyone. I just wanted to post something for my first month without a cigarette. I am new to Reddit as a contributor. I've lurked here for years but never made an account or posted before. It's a little confusing to be honest ;).

I haven't smoked a cigarette in just over a month now.  And r/stopsmoking has been a huge help.  I want to give back a little to the community that has helped me so much.

A little about myself. I'm 35 and have smoked regularly, 1.5 to 2+ packs a day for over 20 years. I started by smoking the butts out of my dads ashtray when I was 12.  I've tried to quit dozens of times over the years. Everything from cold-turkey, lozenges, nicotine gum, toothpicks, regular gum, books, lollipops, etc...

The one thing that I've learned from reading hundreds of posts here on r/stopsmoking is that every addict is different, and that's what we are is drug addicts.  What works for one person may not work for someone else. Don't give up if you fail, keep trying, over and over again. Try something different each time. Your life, quite literally depends on it. Never give up.

How I quit:
My last unsuccessful quit was cold-turkey. I went 4 days before I was ready to kill everyone around me. I made a huge production out of it. I took an entire carton of smokes and opened every pack, and ripped every cig apart into the trash. Except one. That was my "last" smoke. I smoked that thing like it was made out of gold. It was the greatest cigarette ever. EVER. Four days later I was begging for just one more. I caved. I was desperate for just one more cig, then another and another then another pack. Then another carton. I hated myself.

But I didn't give up. Not this time. This time I REALLY wanted to quit. I got myself some nicotine patches. What the hell, I thought, it can't hurt. 4AM on October 31st I smoked my last cigarette.  And you know what's cool about that? I don't even remember it. It wasn't special. It was just another cig, out of tens of thousands. It meant nothing to me. I didn't make a huge deal out of it. I just stopped. That pack and lighter, is still sitting there, right where I left it, 17 smokes in the pack. And I left a carton, with 7 packs sitting in my car, untouched.  

I'm sorry for such a long first post. My whole point is, everyone of is different.  Don't follow one person, or one idea, or one method.  Keep trying until you find what works for YOU!! 