Beat the 90 days

After so many times, I finally got past the 90 day mark. I do not think that I have ever done this before in the close to 30 years that I smoked, and I am more than a little proud of myself at this point. My scumbag brain still thinks every once in a while that I should have a cigar, that it would be OK. I know that is totally not the case, and just ignore myself at those times.

In the past, I used every excuse in the book as to why I was still smoking, or why I started again. My ex-wife was driving me crazy, my job sucked, I was to stressed. And here I stand, my ex is the same, the job is the same, I actually quit a couple of days after someone I was dating for a while broke up with me. I am sitting here waiting for layoffs at work, and still have not smoked.

There are weird spots. I got in the car the other day, and smelled old smoke smells. It smell horrible, and made me want to smoke. But I did not. There are weird triggers, but they are getting less.

And on a huge plus, I started the C25K running program about a month after quitting, and this morning I ran 2.92 miles in 28 minutes. I am sure that I can run a whole 5K right now, and might  even be able to do it in under 30 minutes. I was getting winded after about 5 minutes of soccer in the back yard with the kids four months ago.

So, yes, there were hard points. Yes, I failed quit attempts more times than I even care to count. But I really think that the only way to fail at quitting is to stop trying. You have to be committed, and most likely you will screw it up a few times. You are probably never going to be safe. You are probably never going to be able to have just one. But you cant let that scare you out of trying.

I lurk around here more than I have much to say, but I plan on sticking around lurking, congratulating people when they hit big milestones, and just having a place where there are others who understand what that number in my flair really means, and how hard it was to get and keep it there.