24 hours cigarette-free...that's 8-10+ cigarettes that I've managed to avoid today! Baby progress is still progress.

Yesterday morning I took the plunge to stop smoking cigarettes after smoking about a pack a week for the last 3-4 years. Instead of going out to buying my usual pack of Newports, I went to the vape shop instead and picked up an e-cigarette starter pack and some vanilla menthol liquid to help me ease off the physical cigarette. I'm very impressed at how much the e-cig is helping curb the cravings--I've tried quitting cold turkey before but it never worked out.

I know it'll be a tough journey ahead of me, especially since I have an SO and circle of friends who enjoy social smoking, but from now on I'll just bring my vape when they go out for a smoke break. It's even rougher because I genuinely still do like the act of smoking, the taste of tobacco and menthol, and the social aspect that comes along with it. I'm hoping that will fade over time, and it will be less and less of a temptation as each day passes. By bringing my e-cig, I still get the experience of standing and hanging outside to socialize, but without the added chemicals.

I'm motivating myself by constantly reminding myself the benefits that far outweigh smoking a cigarette. I would save $80-$100 monthly, $1200 yearly! If I had stopped my addiction 4 years ago, that's $4000+ I could have saved in my bank account. I also enjoy doing group HIIT workouts three times a week and am working on increasing my fitness level. Smoking is doing NOTHING to help me progress my physical gains. I will no longer reek of smoke and worry about keeping hand sanitizer or perfume around to hide my addiction from my coworkers. My car will smell better, and I will no longer be embarrassed to give coworkers rides when we go out to eat lunch. And even though I've been a chain smoker for the last four years, it's still a "secret" I try to hide from my parents because I'm ashamed--which I hate, because obviously they know, but there's that shame in my head that continues to drive me to hide it and pretend I don't have an addiction.  

Anyway, I just needed a place to write this out to further visualize and reinforce the reasons as to why I am on this journey. I'm ready to conquer this cigarette addiction. The real test will be the weekend. My SO is a DJ and usually has gigs downtown. Those are the nights that I can go through an entire pack in one evening. Very dangerous. This time I'll be bringing no cigarettes and only my e-cig. If anyone has any recommendations for e-cig liquid mixes that they quite enjoy, let me know what to try out!  

Thanks to anyone who is reading this. Your support is greatly appreciated.