I've finally made it year without smoking. So for a little fun here's a list of "not really, but still kinda" downsides to having quit.

Downside #1: My job is next to a farm. I have become increasingly aware of just how much everything in the area smells like shit. Especially now that we're back in summer. 

Downside #2: Increased lung capacity means it's easier and more fun to sing along with my terrible music selection when driving. This is more of a downside for my friends riding with me and other drivers on the road. 

Downside #3: I really have no excuse to not lose weight and get in shape. I've been working at it since october but the diet part is honestly even harder than quitting smoking. 

Downside #4: Turns out I don't really like soda that much. Or really any sweet drinks. In fact most of my food preferences have changed. This makes for awkward family get togethers where my aunts/Mom end up making my former favorite foods. 
  
Downside #5: I've had to develop an unfavorable view of the capital gains tax on account of starting to contribute regularly to my RothIRA instead of burning money. Also my taxes are now slightly more complicated.
  
Downside #6: I've started accidentally scaring my coworkers/family by sneaking up on them since they're used to being able to smell/hear me come in. Again, more of a downside for them.
  
Downside #7: I have a large surplus of bug spray that I'll never get rid of since mosquitoes seem to be way less interested in me now.
  
Downside #8: Now that I can actually taste the booze I drink, I've come to find out I have expensive tastes. But the fancy cocktails still cost less than the smokes.
  
But seriously, it's so much better not smoking. No coughing all the time. Being able to walk to lunch with people at work without being totally out of breath, not smelling all the time. You really don't realize just how noticeable it all is to other people. 

Another big bonus is my teeth. I've been pretty bad at getting to the dentist in my adult life, and for the last 5 or so years every time I did end up going there'd be something that needs fixing. Cavities, soft spots, just lots of expensive, sometimes painful work needing to be done and paid for. Which was making it even less likely for me to go since I always felt that if it didn't hurt at the time, it wasn't really an issue. Probably spent over $2000 on dental work drilling out molars and teeth on both sides (and top and bottom) of my mouth. That's on top of the insurance. 

But I just went to the dentist this week for a check up and for the first time in almost 10 years got a clean bill of health for my teeth. No cavities, no bleeding, oral screening clean. Also my teeth are looking whiter every day. 

Sorry for a bit of a ranty post, but there's so much that's changed over the last year that I'm not even sure what to talk about. 

But overall: Stick with it, you can quit and it's worth it. 
  
EDIT: Added more "downsides". Feel free to add your own!