It's been over two weeks now and still going strong!

I wish I had sound words of advice for everyone trying to quit out there.  I'll share my story, hope it helps someone, but I don't have any magic bullets that I know of.

I've been a pack-a-day smoker since I was 16, which means that I have been smoking for over 20 years.  I've tried to quit on-and-off for years but **never** made it for even one solid day.

I've read the first couple of chapters or so of Alan Carr's "Stop Smoking The Easy Way" or whatever it's called and was truthfully not impressed.  I don't want to discourage anyone who finds it useful, but to me it was just a lot of self-puffery with little substance.  Maybe it gets better later on, I don't know, but that was my impression.

A bit over two months ago I decided to try Chantix and see if that would do anything different.  It's really hard for me to say whether it was what worked or not, but in any event I'm not smoking and have not had a craving since around day 5ish so I'm not going to look a gift horse in the mouth!

I used the Chantix as directed, took it the first week and tried quitting.  Made it about 12 hours and bought a pack.  Since then I largely kept smoking, if I'm honest with everyone (and I have no reason not to be now) I really didn't try again after that, but I also kept taking the Chantix as well.  I ran out of the starter pack and bought a refill and kept smoking.  I used up the refill pack and was about to buy another when I basically had a minor epiphany about what I was doing.  Why the hell was I buying Chantix AND still smoking after two months?  I told myself it was time to shit or get off the pot, so I quit.  Not just smoking, but the Chantix as well!

The first few days were...different.  I had my last cigarette at 11AM and made it through that day relatively easily, but I do remember having to remind myself what I was doing a bit ("c'mon, you're doing this...just make it to tomorrow and see how it goes?")  I won't lie, I definitely thought about it but I didn't buy one.

Day 2 I started noticing a sort of metallic taste in my mouth, still noticing the cravings but they weren't as overpowering as they had been on previous attempts.  I kept telling myself "Just make it to lunch, just make it home, just make it to tomorrow" and so on and was able to keep it going.  This was pretty much how it went until about day 5.

On the 5th day, I caved and bought a pack.  I can't say it was due to any overwhelming cravings or withdrawals or anything other than I pretty much said "fuck it, I'm having one".  This may sound ridiculous, but buying this pack and lighting up was probably the best thing I did to quit!  I made it about 1/2 way through that first cigarette and could just *feel* my airway closing up!  I swear that I never noticed how much easier I was breathing after those first 5 days, but I sure as hell noticed during the 5 minutes I was smoking that first/last cigarette!

That act right there really pushed me over the top in a big BIG way.  I literally have had NO desire to smoke again after that one time.  I chucked the rest of the cigarette, then the whole pack right out the window before I even got home (I know, littering...sue me) and have been nicotine and craving free ever since!

I'm sure there are at least some out there who might say that it's only been two weeks, surely you can't be certain you won't relapse again.  All that I can say is that not only are my cravings gone, but even the desire to smoke is gone, if that makes sense?  (And don't call me Shirley!  ;-) )

I really hope this story helps someone out there.  All I can say is that no matter how long it takes, no matter how many times you have tried quitting in the past, you absolutely can quit smoking!  