First smoke free month in ten years

Quitting has been wonderful, and something I’ve been wanting for a long time. It also has been much easier and felt more natural than I ever imagined.
 
It’s been one month since I last touched a cigarette, I quitted cold turkey (no NRT) after a night out. I just turned 31, I smoked a pack a day for the last 10 years. For the last year I thought about quitting nearly every single day. 
 
Many excuses kept me from quitting sooner: too much stress, too many changes, too much to deal with. And while I do believe that some times are better than others, it’s very easy to avoid hard decisions with ongoing justifications. Heck, even on vacation I wouldn’t quit because I wanted to relax and didn’t want the stress of quitting....
 
Here is what led me to quit:
 
1. I became increasingly self-aware of how awful I smelled all the time
2. I started to notice the (ever-growing) toll cigarettes were having on my health and body
3. I had no moderation and 95% of the cigarettes I smoked were pure routine 
5. I planned everything around cigarettes
 
Knowing this and still choosing to smoke made me feel increasingly alienated.
 
Here’s a rundown of how I felt last month:
 
Week 1- By far the worse. For the first three days I was ready to kill. Soon after quitting I had my birthday party, my dad’s birthday party... Dinner parties.. drinks with friends.. you can imagine. These were THE hardest moments. I was craving hard. But time flies, and sometimes that’s a good thing too;)
 
Week 2- Much easier than week 1. I still had regular cravings, but they were easier, I felt more in control. At this point I got a really bad stomach. 
 
Week 3- Easier. There were days where I realized I didn’t even think about cigarettes all day long.. (a beautiful realization). I had two moments where I got really angry. This week the cravings were much more sporadic. 

Week 4- Things started to normalize and my stomach has gotten back to normal, which was a relief. Yet, one night I went out and got drunk and it was just as hard as the first few days... Alcohol is such a powerful trigger, avoid if possible during this period.
 
Things I noticed: the appetite.. I’m rapidly gaining weight. Everything tastes better, and I’m indulging myself by eating not only more quantity but also more deliciously unhealthy stuff. I’m also running 3 times a week, but things are getting out of hand... I will focus on this from now on.
 
My sleep has been very bad. I wake up constantly during the middle of the night and never feel quite rested in the morning. Yesterday I woke up at 4AM and could not sleep more. Also have really vivid dreams.
 
I feel like I have changed. I don’t know why, but everything I was feeling for the last year just fell into place, all my bad feelings towards cigarettes finally turned into action. There’s no negotiation going on in my head about ‘maybe if I smoked a cigarette...’. I don’t miss them at all, I don't romanticise them. Even when craving, I don't consider smoking an option.
 
And.. you know.. coffee still tastes great without a smoke. A meal lasts longer without a smoke, and tastes much better. I don’t smell awful around everyone. I don’t have to buy cigarettes, spend a lot of Money, or make them my no.1 priority. I wake up feeling fresh. I’m not harming my body anymore. I feel better. And I get all this wonderful stuff in my life just... by not smoking. Isn't this a GREAT deal?
 
And I don’t mean to get cocky – I’m terrified to go back to smoking. To feel comfortable... You have to stay strong every day to succeed, but it only takes a single moment to lose everything. I never want to take a puff again. So I will work hard to stay alert. It's still early - but it's happening.

Everyone has a different journey, but we’re all on the same boat. The active struggle to improve is more valuable than the passive struggle of just letting things be... We can change our lives for the better, and doing so empowers us to change other things that also need to be changed. We can do this - we are doing it.
 
I want to thank you all for sharing your stories and for your words of encouragement. I may not comment much, but I'm always here reading and secretly rooting for you, smiling at your victories. And thank you for your courage and strength, it's inspiring, and it has truly helped me move forward. 

Let’s take a deep long breath - and fill our lungs with fresh air - whenever we need a reminder of how good it feels to just breathe.