6 months later, as promised, I'm back.

Hey! So, I've quit smoking 200 days ago, I haven't touched a cigarette since, and don't plan to do so for the rest of my life. I have saved over 900euros, and not smoked over 4000 cigarettes.


After the first month, I wrote [this reddit post here](https://www.reddit.com/r/stopsmoking/comments/8lo138/first_smoke_free_month_in_ten_years/), and /u/19112920fox said he look forward my post at 6, so here I am! :)


This post won't be nearly as long as my first month report, because it was also much less eventful (regarding the quitting process). Months 2,3 were 10x time easier than the first, but I occasionally had urges. 


Now, I can genuinely say that I live my life 100% cigarette free without a struggle. I can drink, go out, hang with smoker friends, really, anything, without wanting to smoke. I don't miss it, and I feel great, I am free. 


I did gain a lot of weight after that first month, so I started working out, and I'm in better shape now than I have ever been in the last 10 years. I wake up every weekday at 6am and go to the gym, as before I would wake up at 8, and the first thing I would do would be smoke a cig and have coffee.


This year has been incredible for me. I quit a job that I didn't like at all, started on that I love, stopped smoking, started working out and eating healthier. And quitting smoking is one of the best decisions I ever made in my life, and it snowballed other much needed decisions and changes I needed to make. 


Now there's still a long road of changes and self-improvement ahead, and I will fail and get back on my feat, but the most important part is that I started to act on my life instead of passively accepting what was wrong. I feel empowered, and it's easier to get up when I get down.


A word for those of you struggling: what worked for me was that I TRULY WANTED to quit, I didn't just feel that this is something I SHOULD do. My last months smoking I kept feeling bad WHILE smoking, feeling this was harmful, smelling terribly and being very self-aware, so quitting - while **very** hard - was a RELIEF. 


Only you know at what stage your at. I'm definitely not becoming one of those obnoxious ex-smokers, who are hypocrital enough to critize other smokers. But I do wish that those of you who WANT to stop, to find the strength to do so, because in my experience it has been incredibly worth it.


I will be back in six months time, when I'm one year smoke free.


Thank you for reading.

