I've tried so many times.

I just don't know what to do or how to try anymore.

I've tried Chantix and had a severe allergic reaction to it. I've tried cold-turkey and just turned into a bitch. I've tried electronic cigarettes, which yeah, they work, but I drop them, break them, and leave them places only to have to buy another one. I've tried slowing down to the point of only one a day, only to skip right back up to almost a pack a day within a week.

It doesn't help that my live-in SO is a smoker as well, smoking around the same amount as me every day. 

We've tried quitting on four separate occasions just this year and each time failed. Either he gave in to my whining about "just having one" and then "let's just go ahead and finish the pack since we bought it anyway" to "oh well, we'll try again next week," or I gave in to his passing thought or mentioning of a cig since we'd been drinking or watching a movie where a character smokes.

It's just really frustrating how engrained in our habits it is. I can't seem to beat my own willpower. 

I've thought that perhaps replacing it with something-say every time I get a craving, chew gum, or do some push-ups or jumping jacks until it goes away-or perhaps pumping my system up with over-working out might work, but we've been a bit low on the money this year, then again that's probably faulty logic since the money I don't spend on cigarettes would easily overcome the price of a gym membership.

To top it all off, this has been one of our most stressful years yet. On and off with jobs and stressing about money (I've been pretty much the sole bread-winner for a couple months now) and the idea of giving up my break from the world - that four minutes where I can just sit still and not worry about my life, my job, my money -scares the living daylights out of me, honestly.

But I know I need to quit. I'm only 24, but I'm petrified of lung cancer. Of COPD. Both my parents are *heavy* smokers (who smoke inside, no less, so that sucks for visits) who suffer from lung issues. They've smoked their entire lives. My father can't walk from the living room to the kitchen without a breathing fit, has to be on a nebulizer (probably should be on oxygen). My mother gets ill every winter for its entirety. Not to mention my grandfather died of lung cancer before he turned 60. 

Cigarettes should be disgusting and repulsive to me. They should remind me of the lives my family should have had, of the houses burnt to the ground from cigarettes while falling asleep, of the price of giving up your self-worth and giving in to temptation over and over and over again.

But they don't. They make me feel good.

Except when I'm embarrassed because of them.

I just don't know what to do anymore. Any suggestions? What did you all do? I mean, everyone is different, so perhaps I just haven't found my quitting route.

So sorry for the wall of text. Thanks for reading!