Last chance attempt to quit, or I die.

So 6 months ago I was admitted to hospital for suspected myocardial infarction - or heart attack - at just 31 years old.

It came on suddenly and I was told I had almost a 95% blockage of my right artery causing major scaring and damage. I didn’t have a Stent put in, as my artery was too big to hold one, so thankfully they were confident I would be ok without one. 

Obviously they told me that the major contributors were smoking and my diet. 20 a day for 16 years and a diet filled with takeouts, highly sugary sweets and little to no exercise. They said I had to change my attitude or it would be fatal.

Well I did ok for a month, stopped smoking, started slimming world and increased my fitness on my bike. Then after a month, everything just started lagging. I had a drag of one cigarette, because I was ‘desperate’ and would only have ‘one’ - of course I believed it! Then one turned into a pack (as they don’t sell tens anymore I quickly grew into having 20 a day again). I kept trying quit days, and vaping, but didn’t take it seriously enough. I just thought because I was on the pills for blood thinning and beta blockers they would counteract the effects of smoking. I guess they did, but then I kept forgetting to take my medication... the odd morning or evening here and there, once even a full week. I have no excuses, and it is my fault. Because yesterday I had my second heart attack in 6 months. 

Same place, lots of clots. Solely down to smoking. I honestly can’t believe that I’ve been stupid enough to smoke for 16 years thinking I was ‘invincible’ to the effects. Smoking does catch up, to anybody, at any time.

No I have been told that I will need a stent, and just one cigarette or one missed dose of tablets will cause a clot, which won’t pass through the stent. In other words, I’ll drop dead right there.

Honestly I’m terrified, and devastated that I’ve put myself into this position, especially when I think my children could have lost their dad yesterday. That’s unbearable for me to think of.

The best news is that I am still here, and I have got another chance to make a change. But it has to be an unequivocal, unchanging determination to never touch another cigarette. My kids don’t have to lose their dad, not yet. And as I sit in my hospital bed now waiting to see the doctor, I know in my heart I will do better, but not just that, I will succeed in being a healthy non-smoker for what’s left of my life.

And I just wanted to urge and encourage you to take a step for the better before you get to my situation. Go for it! You have great support here, be encouraged!