I had that moment today where I realized its a problem.

I'm so upset with myself right now. I've never smoked, I vape, but nicotine addiction none the less, and if somebody would of told me what becoming a nicotine user really meant I feel like I wouldn't of even started.

It's addiction straight fucking addiction. I saw the mailman driving by smoking a cigarette and idk i've been doing a lot of psychiadelics so I've started to see things at their base value, like what it really is. like this dude probably shouldn't be smoking in his work car, but because of addiction he took the risk of messing with the thing that provides him money for what? for nicotine. thats fuckin junkie behavior. I feel like its acceptable for for smokers to have addict behavior we say big whoop hes smoking in his work car, but he decided to do his drug in business situation,  thats what that situation is on base value. its fucked up if you look at it like that.

Say my vape breaks and something needs to be replaced, it doesnt matter how I planned to spend my money before hand, I will readjust my whole budget so I can still get my fix. thats fucking junkie behavior.

you know I was chilling with my grandma who I rarely rarely see, and I barely know this woman. Any time with her I should spend trying to get close to this woman, well we were chilling one day and like fuck all I wanted to do was go smoke. I should wanna spend time with my grandma not want to spend my time alone getting my fix.

I'm realizing when I started vaping I started fucking around with something that could change my prioritize to make it a fucking priority. how fucking toxic.

and so now where I'm at? I dont wanna mess with it anymore. I dont want to let it have power over me, but I'm fucking addicted so straight quitting isnt an option. I know I'd fuckin end up smoke like a chimney.like fuck it has so much power over me I cant even stop even though I'm so repulsed by it.

this is what we should be telling people when they start messing with fucking nicotine.