I am started to regret quitting because now I am starting to drink a lot and become so much less productive

I haven't smoked in 90+ days after 7 years of smoking on and off. I took smoking in 7th grade and ever since I had developed a complicated relationship with this habit. The longest break I've had was 10 months long or almost the entire 9th grade. I've had a lot of breaks, but I always came back. The fact that I am depressed (I've spent some time in the psych ward where I got my diagnosis) does not help the situation at all.

 The problem is I LOVE smoking. I love having a cigarette in one hand and a bottle of alcohol in another. I love always having an excuse to go outside and avoid people for a bit if I don't feel like talking. I love going outside at night during partys to have a smoke while watching the stars. I could continue with a lot of other examples.  

I quit smoking 3 months ago because I started having chest pains and yellow stains on my teeth. I wanted to take up sports in order to finally use my lungs but instead I got more depressed. I haven't started learning anything this semester at uni. I haven't read a single page in a long time despite the fact that I love reading. When I smoked, at least I was more productive because I had something to look forward after finishing learning for the day. All I do all day is sleeping, drinking alone or if I meet with friends, drinking with them. I feel extremly useless cause despite the fact that I quit smoking, I doubled my alcohol consumption.

I never get drunk, when I am starting to feel tipsy I always stop. I feel I am always in control, but the fact that I drink alone so I don't have to face my own emotions shows that I am not in control at all. I can't completely quit alcohol too. As a uni student, a lot of our partys are based on drinking. My friends don't mind if I do not drink but I do. I just have a lot more fun if I drink. Smoking used to be a coping mechanism for my mentally ill ass and now I feel soo much worse without it.  

I am not even 20 years old and to be honest, I suffered a lot during this time and I still do and trying to fight my depression has become extremly tiring. People always say to quit your bad behaviours, but they never tell you how to cope without them. Do you have any input for me guys? I am sure a lot of you have felt this way at one time or another.