A Look Back At One Month

It's been one month since I quit smoking (for the 4th time), but this time feels different. I have been a smoker for 13 years, and I finally said enough is enough.

In the past, when I would quit it wasn't really for my own health. I always felt pressured by my loved ones or society to quit smoking. As I look back now, I realize that these are all of the *WRONG* reasons to quit smoking. If you don't truly want to quit for yourself, you will *not* be successful, period. 

I finally told myself that I was tired of being a slave to cigarettes and I was tired of feeling like crap. When I would smoke during the day, I would get instantly tired and lethargic...I didn't want to do *anything* for a good 20-30 minutes after a cigarette, oh, but then it time for another cigarette...rinse, repeat...

I finally quit on February 3rd, Super Bowl Sunday, after waking up feeling sick because I smoked so damn much in the prior two days (hoping to make myself sick of the cigarettes). The first day was really hard, I would have those cravings every 15-30 minutes but I kept reminding myself of the way I felt after smoking, and the thought of this head cold I now had being much worse (ie: cancer) and how I would die young. I kept my mind busy that day and got through the first day with the help of some Nicorette gum when I would have the really bad urges. 

Let me take a a moment and say that I personally dont believe in using the patch, or the gum the way they want you to use it. Say what you want, but the patch and more-so the gum only transfer your addiction from the real cigarette to the nicotine-infused patch or gum...or even now the e-cigarettes. They are *NOT* intended for you to quit smoking, no matter what they market the products as...they are an *Alternative* to smoking real tobacco and they (the executives of these companies) know damn well they aren't there to make you quit, because then you would stop using their product! 

But I digress....

Day two wasn't as bad actually, I really didn't think about it as much. I kept myself busy and had a few pieces of gum when I would get a bad urge but that was it. 
Day three-10 was about the same, not too many urges (they kept getting smaller and less frequent)

Day 10, I started to really feel the effects of being smoke free!! I had more energy, started to breathe better and my face started to just look healthier. It was at this point I really felt good about quitting. I knew if I could get this far, I would be good for the rest of my life. I even went out to a bar with some friends who smoked and didn't smoke! Yeah, I chewed some Nic-Gum, but it was better than smoking! 

I also hired a personal trainer and began eating right and working out 4 times a week. Now, after 31 days, I feel so much better about my health. I look better, I smell better, I FEEL better!! This is the best thing I have done for myself, and I am very proud of myself for taking that major step. 

Look, if you haven't quit yet but are thinking about it (that's why you are reading this sub), you need to ask yourself *why* you want to quit. Did someone tell you that you need to quit, or do you want to feel better about yourself? You need to quit for YOU, not anyone else. 
It is hard for the first 2-3 days, but it honestly gets much easier. 

People that say that its been 2-3 weeks and they are still freaking out every minute about smoking are not doing it right...they are still keeping themselves around the "triggers" and they are probably always thinking about smoking. You have to tell yourself that you can smoke if you want to, there is nothing stopping you. If you deny yourself something, you just feel worse because you are saying you cannot have it...and what do you do when you can't have something and feel worse?? You want to smoke to make yourself feel better...but  you "can't", so the loop begins.......you can smoke anytime you want, you are just choosing to live a healthier lifestyle and choose not to smoke right now. (This at least worked for me, and maybe it will work for you too.)

So it's been one month, and I feel great! Here is to another month of being smoke-free and many more after that!!


TL;DR *Go back up and read it*...its worth your time to possibly learn a new way to look at quitting smoking. 