6 days, EASYWAY non smoker and still anxious.

Hi All, 

As the title states, this is my 6th day smoke free. This is my first genuine quit attempt and I have smoked for 9 years (I'm 27). For the past year or two I smoked around 14-20 cigs a day. 

I quit because I began to see how much I isolated myself when I smoked. I also felt myself becoming increasingly anxious when i couldn't (to the point of panicky) and the whole smoking "thing" became very ritualized for me. It was like my life was controlled by where I could smoke, when I could smoke, etc. 

I read Allen Carr's EASYWAY book. The book has been very helpful. It illuminated what nicotine addiction really is and demystified all of the rationalizations that I made while I was a smoker. Even writing "While I was a smoker" is surreal because it was just last week I was sitting outside smoking and journaling about how much I wanted to quit smoking. I was so excited and couldn't wait to finish the book so I could begin this journey. 

I'm really proud of myself and for the choice I made. That said, the past 6 days have been chock full of feels and I haven't known what to do with them most of the time. The first few days I would cry at the drop of a hat. I have managed to hold it together (even through a funeral) the past 2 days. My anger has been low. My irritation, when it's expressed is generally directed toward myself. For what? Usually because I want to experience the happiness of a non-smoker, the effortlessness and freedom, and my brain can't quite let go of it. 

 I guess that (the lack of "effortlessness") is what is making me so anxious. Mr. Carr says each craving should be greeted with a "YIPPE I"M NON SMOKER!!!" for me it involves repeating my easyway mantras and trying to loosen the tightness in my chest. It almost feels like rubberbands are squeezing my sternum to bits. 

The fact that I'm not jumping for joy makes me feel like I misunderstood something in the book. It makes me worry I'm going to relapse. It makes me wonder if I'm being too hard on myself (like I usually am) and I just need to "lean into the discomfort" as Brene' Brown says. 

When I have gotten cravings - I've come here to read what other's have written and it makes me excited about this opportunity. This is part, a "vent" and part a call for insight. Did others experience anxiety after quitting with the EASYWAY method? Should I go back and reread the book as a non smoker? Make flashcards and set "mantra reminders" on my phone? 

Thanks for reading :)