My rollercoaster! 🚬

What a sinister trap this is!!! 

I was a late starter, started at 25 years old to impress a girl. After she left I continued to smoke cause I felt depressed and stressed. I drank too. 

Life was falling apart inside me yet I was still functional and successful. I despised myself for smoking but couldn't stop. I hid in dark places to smoke. I lied. I felt I was an embarrassment to myself. 

A moment of revelation once came upon me in a meeting whilst craving for a cigarette, that this is all for nought, that smoking does absolutely nothing good for me. I saw it for exactly what it was, a filthy sinister chain - for life, unless I break it. Understanding the nicotine drug better, and reading Allen Carr's book, the answer for me was just to not to have a single puff again, because I didn't want to and I didn't have to, and admitting that each puff leads to the next one. 

My head was over it. Moons later, a friend offered me one at a rugby game. I didn't want to feel left out, and after all it had been over a year since I last puffed. 

But it wasn't a day later and I was buying a box and was back into it in under 24 hours. Cunning, baffling, powerful !!!!

I continued 5 years until now. 

I am much stronger in my head and on my feet. There are hard hard moments but I leap into some form of activity and move on with life. Cravings leave as quickly as they come on. Change your frame of mind and turn a craving into the death of that nicotine monster. 

I don't mope about for it, wishing I could have one, cause I definitely don't. I see it as the little nicotine monster left in me dying its death, and I glee in that thought. 

I'm doing well. My head is good. My life is returning at speed. People are noticing changes but I have not revealed much yet. 

Not another puff. The good news is that I won't die. The better news is I'm free from that wicked slavery!

Truth, freedom and confident once again!

My kids think I'm super man! 😉 What an honor!

On day at a time folks. That the speed at which I manage this addiction. 

Peace friends!