I come here when I have an urge

I've been quit going on 216 days. things are going great and I am confident that this sub had a lot to do with my success.

I smoked for 22 years and during that time I must have quit dozens of times. Sometimes I'd quit for a couple of months, but more often it was a couple of days at most. 

And I tried it all, cold turkey, the gum, the patch, alan carr, hell I even did that stupid carrot stick substitute trick. Nothing worked, I always found an excuse to smoke. This is a shit day, I'm buying a pack of smokes. This is a great day, I deserve a cigarette. It's to stressful right now. I'm bored. Ever mind game a person could play on them selves, I played. 

It got to the point where ever smoke made me feel weak, stupid and guilty. I didn't enjoy smoking, I smoked cause I had to.

I was finally able to quit when two things changed. 1) I accepted the fact that I can never have another cigarette. not because I am weak, but because cigarettes are made to make you addicted. It truly is a "one and done" situation. There is no one cigarette, there is no "I'll throw the pack away". if you smoke one cigarette you will smoke another.

And 2) I was playing around with random reddits and found this sub. I literally found this place by accident. As I started reading, I found people who were both going through what I was going through and also, people who had already done it. Just reading and lurking showed me that it was possible, people as weak and stupid and guilty as me where now smoke free. And they were telling me how I could become smoke free myself.

I no longer smoke. I've been smoke free for 216 days and it is awesome. sometimes I'll hear that little monster speak up and say "buy a pack" but now I come here instead. I suppose a day will come when I will no longer visit this sub, but it is not today.

Thanks to everyone who post here. You might be posting for yourself, you might be posting for someone else. but the words you write are helping so many others.

TL: DR I read this sub when I have cravings and it helps.