well, here i am. my hate/love relationship with smoking.

'hate' goes first, because i mostly hate it, and have since i was a kid.  hated my parents' overflowing ashtrays, hated being trapped in their cars with windows rolled up, hated the money spent on them that we didn't have, hated stinking like cigarettes and being made fun of for it, hated worrying about my mom dying.

then, freshman year, my best friend started smoking.  then, of course, so did i.

i was a casual, reluctant smoker for a few years, then easily quit for a year.  then started again.  and so that went, over and over and over - on and off and on again.  really light smoker for the most part - five a day, maybe ten at the outside.  had a few years in my early 20s where i rose to a pack a day because i could smoke in the office (and my boss smoked too), but that fell right back off.

i actually hated smoking.  hated the taste, the smell, the 'look' of it.  hated 'needing' one when i was stressed.  hated the way they made my throat feel. was never a 'first thing right out of bed' smoker, nor a 'must have a smoke with my coffee' smoker, nor even a 'i can't make it six hours without a smoke' smoker.  i could go till noon, 1p, 4p without a smoke.  i could easily withstand six hours from airport to airport without one.  blah blah.

what i was, and am, is a psychologically addicted smoker.  oh sure, i'm physically addicted as well, but it's easy enough for me to get past those cravings if i have a MIND to.

it's having the mind to, and keeping it.  because despite everything i hate about smoking, what i *love* about it are the routines i've developed around it.  love sitting outside with friends, talking for hours, wildly gesticulating with a cigarette in hand.  love smoking while i'm on the phone.  love having cigarettes and beers while i'm outside on my patio with my laptop (as i am right now - with water and tea).  love stepping out of a family gathering for a break from being 'on' to have a smoke.  

etc.

despite mostly hating smoking, my love for the above is what has ended every single successful quit i've ever had.  even the one where i quit three days before my 40th birthday, and when my mother - a smoker for most of her life, who had quit a few years before, FINALLY - was hospitalized due to the ramping up of her COPD, i didn't falter.   i got on the plane and visited her and hung out with old friends and family (all of whom smoked) and i didn't waver.

till three months later when i just... missed it.

this has happened over and over and over.  my last quit of a quit resulted in a shameless pack a day habit for the past three years straight.

i swore i'd quit when my mom finally succumbed to COPD in 2016.  i didn't. i swore i'd quit when my next birthday rolled around.  i didn't.  and so it goes, until last tuesday, when my doctor told me i have a nodule on my lung.  it's small, but that's little consolation.  "they're usually benign."  yeah, i know - but with these risk factors?  this little nodule may be nothing now, but it's the sort of thing that oops, 3.5cm when i go in for a routine sort of thing ten years from now.

so... that was some harsh reality, because despite well-knowing the risks, i'd somehow convinced myself there was no way in hell i'd get lung cancer.  no cancer in my family, not even among the smokers. and i'd quit before the COPD ramped up.  sure, sure.

so yeah.  reality check, right there.  i felt so... i can't even tell you how stupid and ashamed i felt.  

and i *didn't even quit then*.  i had about ten cigarettes over the following three days, until i REALLY quit.  i put my last cigarette out on 11/30 around 9p.

so here i am, wrapping up a successful day five.  have avoided or withstood all the triggers. have changed up my routine to make it somewhat easier (for instance, this is the first time i've dared sit at this table outside since 11/30).  even quit drinking as well (no loss there, either, as i drank too much; weirdly, i do not really miss it at all).

but i still, man.  i still miss sitting out here with a beer and a cigarette, fucking around online.    my addict brain keeps trying to talk me into doing it.  'one won't hurt.'  or 'you can start again tomorrow.'  or whatever.

literally the only thing that has kept me straight these past two days (physical cravings are long gone, now it's just the inevitable and relentless battle with my addict brain) is a) imagining a drag off a cigarette lighting up that likely malignancy in my lung, and b) knowing that if in four months, when i rescan, if it is bigger or has multiplied, i'll always wonder what would've happened had i stuck to the quit. (even though, frankly, that spot is going to do what it's going to do regardless, but i know how my brain works; if it's significantly worse in the spring, i'll convince myself it would've *disappeared* had i stayed quit, and i'll be inconsolable and incapable of functioning.)

i also keep reminding myself, as i look around at people in the office, at the store, wherever, that all these people get by JUST FINE without smoking, and so too can i.

it's just hard.  but i really can't crack this time.  i can't.  right now this thing in my lung is too small to test, but given its location and particulars, it is probably only a matter of time till it's large enough to biopsy, and i've already spent more decades than i care to admit poisoning myself to end up here; i can't add insult to injury *now*.  the way i look at it is, i no longer have the luxury of poisoning myself in the name of 'fun' and 'relaxation.'  i spent 29 "glorious" years on again, off again, enjoying that "privilege."

so anyway.  thanks for reading, because tonight, i was really close to breaking down.  instead i'm going to finish this tea and go to bed and look forward to waking up tomorrow with - hopefully - this heavy feeling in my chest just a tiny bit lighter.