My Story - Some (Mild) Inspiration For Those On The Verge Of Smoking Again...


I'm a 31 year old in the UK and since the age of 13 have been a smoker.  On average I smoke 20 a day.  In the UK I pay £7.40 ($11.05) a pack.  That amounts to £2701 ($4035) a year, minimum.

For a long time I (thought I) enjoyed the habit, perceiving each cigarette as a reward for completion of a meaningless activity, perhaps something as simple in my own mind as "I'll complete this and then have a cigarette...." or working to natural cigarette breaks in my own mind, sometimes watching a movie and telling myself when the clock strikes to the next hour I'll retreat to the kitchen for a smoke and a coffee.  Alternatively that great feeling of relief when youre denied a smoke because of a long business meeting, being asleep or watching a 2 hour movie at the cinema, that utter relief of lighting up is something akin to pure pleasure itself.  The typical habitual smoker you''ll recognise in yourself.

In the past several years, it's become more apparent to me that I must stop.  We all know the various negatives to smoking, but my personal fears were primarily; the money I was spending, the fact that I could easily smoke 40 a day if I allowed myself to, my stress levels I could easily link back to smoking and waking up in the middle of the night because my body craved nicotine.  I work out 5 days a week in the gym for an hour at a time, mostly on weight training, oddly the health issues were always low on my list of concerns, strange perhaps.

Those factors prompted me to stop last year for 6 months.  I struggled and struggled, initially I lasted on patches for 20 weeks.  When I finally came off the patches entirely, which I feared, I still yearned for something.  So I started smoking E-cigs of the supermarket variety.  £7 ($10.45) would give me three E-cig cartridges.  They were always in my mind a compromise and I knew I was still addicted to Nicotine.  However, as many of you know, the ability to vape anytime and anywhere quickly meant my nicotine cravings were met on demand overly so.  I was a mess, smoking more equivalent E-cig cartridges than a pack of cigarettes.  I mean literally, this thing was in my mouth from morning until night.  Terrible.  Ultimately I felt so bad, I hit the cigarettes again.

Fast forward to July 1st 2013, I finally plucked up the courage to try and stop again.  Let''s be honest, we all fear the moment and really build it up in our mind.  

This time around I have coped rather well with the physical symptoms, which is strange as I expected worse.  I feel better in the morning, as so I've had some deep sleep and my taste is really starting to blossom again.  I no longer feel conscious about smelling bad and I know I can treat myself to new clothes, gadgets and whatever - without budgeting for cigarettes which were my primary expenditure of disposable income.

...it is now the 10th July - not more than 5 minutes ago I just extinguished my first cigarette in 10 days!  

Why, why did I purposefully walk to my local petrol garage and buy 10 cigarettes?  Well, I can't be sure whether my so called logical approach to quitting is real intelligence or just my own mind coming up with a method to have a cigarette and answer to my inner demons.  I'll let you decide.  In my own (twisted) mind, it was a risky move to try and record if I genuinely enjoyed smoking or whether it was mind games.

Whatever - so here is where I hope I can inspire or help some of you. Perhaps even just for me to revisit in times of need, or even just one other person may take some comfort in this, because strangely I looked for this sort of comfort in my weaker times.  Right now - a lot of you a week, a month or maybe even a year are wondering right now - what would it be like to have a cigarette?  Would it immediately make your life whole again, would it give you that intense buzz you miss dearly, would it instantly clear your mild depression or mood swings, would it warm your entire body and be a greedy, selfish moment of intense pleasure?

No.

5 minutes from extinguishing a cigarette, this is genuinely what emotion and physical changes I feel; A slight light headedness that lasted only for several puffs, a taste you don't expect - not the sweet vanilla-esque taste of the best cigarette of the day when you did smoke, but a conscious tasting of various chemicals your body does not naturally implore you to consume, the memorable feeling of that hit at the back of your throat as you inhale.

Do I feel better, has my mind suddenly become at zen with my body? No.  I feel guilt, I feel £4 less rich, I feel idiotic for allowing myself to go through this process to remind myself if I enjoyed smoking or enjoyed feeding the habit.

The one honest enjoyment was that initial headrush, but we all know we don't experience that 20 times a day, just, if we are lucky, the first one of every morning.  Is that enough to spend nearly £3000 a year on?  No thank you.

I want my post to be that reminder to anyone thinking in their minds that life was more enjoyable/less boring with smoking in their life - it will not - that one cigarette lasted me 5-6 puffs, literally 2-3 minutes.  It had no tangible effect on how enjoyable my life suddenly is or could have been for that small amount of time.
 
So, I've effectively reset my none smoking from 10 days to day zero - but better 10 days and to be able to record this now, than 365 days later and fantasise what that one cigarette would be like.

TL;DR - Do not fantasise that smoking is something you miss.  I've taken that bullet so you don't have to.