I need help destroying associations.

14-year smoker here. I really, really want to quit. I'm not kidding. I'll be the first one to admit I'm an addict. But I am ready for this part of my life to be over.

I've quit probably 30 times over the past 5 years. I've been down every road you can think of, from nrt to laser to hypnosis to Allen Carr, and I've done a LOT of hard inner work to get where I am right now and feel good about it. 

Where I am right now:  I've worked through just about everything that used to make me want to smoke. I now can sit in a smoke-filled room and not want one. I can get bomb drunk and not want one. I can drive long distances and not want one. I can enjoy an evening with friends I always smoked with and not want one. I can even get stressed about anything in my life - except work - and not want one. I started running again, I changed my diet, I stopped referring to myself as a smoker. Not wanting one, or even really thinking about one in any of these parts of my life, has become easy and natural. I feel good about that.

But the second I think about work, am driving to work, or am at work I lose it. Work is my major trigger. I just broke day 3 and I'm so frustrated  because I felt really GOOD about how well this quit was going until I got to work. I was triggered the second I got in the car and work calls started rolling in on my phone. I fought off the urges all day, but by the time 4pm rolled around I was exhausted by it all and I caved. I smoked one and tossed the pack in the trash, but I feel like shit about it.

For clarity, I absolutely hate my job. I've been here for 5 years - it's a very stressful position with a workload that should be distributed among 2 full time people but I do it all. And on top of it, I work in virtual isolation and have done so for 5 years. I know I smoke at work because I'm avoiding how overwhelmed and miserable my job makes me feel, and I smoke because being here alone day in and day out makes me deeply lonely and depressed.

I know I need another job and trust me, I've been trying to find one. In the meantime, after today I can clearly see that this is my biggest trigger, and it seems really insurmountable. I need to figure out how to work through it.

Tldr: does anyone have advice for breaking associations with things, places, situations that make you want to smoke? When it is not immediately possible to avoid those situations? 

Thank you. I'm starting again, but I don't know what to do.