I’ve quit smoking over three years ago. It was not easy, but I’ve had an important reason to do it.

Hello guys! I’ve just recently discovered this sub and wanted to tell my story.
I’ve smoked for around 12 years, from almost 20 to 32 years old. I started when I was an adult, and should have known better. 

Since I turned 23 I started trying to quit. I would for maybe two weeks, then go back to my pack-a-day habit. 

Once, at 25, i remember quitting for over a month. Then went out of town with friends and on a night out, I asked my friend for just one. Then another. Then it was ok to smoke as long as I was out of town. When I got back,  I was hooked again. It’s amazing the gymnastics your brain goes through to try and justify it, to make it ok. 


With time I was lucky enough to cut back significantly. From 20 a day to maybe 4/5. Except for weekends where I would go nuts. But, after several years of smoking, I started to notice the shortness of breath, the lack of energy, and the cough. I remember having that annoying cough every couple of minutes and trying to normalize it. It wasn’t normal, something was wrong. What I was doing to myself was wrong. But still, couldn’t quit.


Then, at age 32, I got pregnant. And then it wasn’t hard. I wasn’t easy, though, but it was possible. My small grain of rice embryo that I saw in the ultrasound gave me the strength to do it. It took that for me to finally kick the nasty habit. 

And after my kid was born, not only I was 8 months free of tobacco, but also couldn’t fathom the idea of smoking near him, or being with him after smoking, reeking of tobacco and smoke. It was just so easy not going back to it. 

I consider this a gift my son gave me, and maybe he helped save my life from a horrible disease in the future. I know that, for now, I don’t cough anymore, I can play with him, dance and jump with him. I started running three months ago, and my goal is to run a 10 K in under an hour in a couple of months. And it’s totally doable. 

Recently, not only I stopped craving but also started to really dislike the smell (which I always loved, even after quitting) and I can’t believe I went through life smelling like that and being so inconsiderate to my husband and family and non smoking friends.

Well, I know it’s a wall of text, if you got this far, thank you for reading. And, if you’re struggling right now, I hope you can find that strength that gets you through. It does get better with time. Even if you get the ocasional crave or thought, it’s easier to fight off. It’s the best thing you can do for yourself, for those around you, for your future. I wish you all the best. 