Officially, day 3 smoke free! My personal experience with Zyban so far.

I started Zyban two weeks ago. I was prescribed to start taking the med 2 weeks before my quit date as to lesson the withdrawal symptoms. Or something like that. 

After week one I significantly cut back from a pack a day (smoked 10 years) to 0-3 cigarettes a day. 

By week two I had zero craving but just felt like I *should* have a cigarette. I was almost testing to see how the med was working as far as taste/enjoyment. I probably had 3 cigarettes over the course of that week. 

I didn't focus on my quit date. I let the medication take its course. Today is 2 weeks since starting Zyban, so technically would be my quit date. And wouldn't ya have it, I realized I haven't smoked for 3 (and a half) days already!

On top of not setting a quit date, I also didn't tell anyone I was quitting (besides my boyfriend). It's been extremely motivating for my friends to notice on their own. Not focusing on my quit date & not telling anyone really took a lot of the pressure off. 

Finally, I got in a car accident (no personal injury to me or anyone involved) & my car came out totaled. I decided will not be smoking in my new car. My last car got its first of many cigarette burns a week after leaving the dealership & don't want to be driving an ashtray around. I realize this isn't a realistic tip for most people, of course. 

I'm sorry if I seem scatter brained writing this. If you're thinking of trying a smoking cessation med, I do recommend it Zyban. 

I'll check back in a few weeks, or days, we'll see what happens! While I've significantly cut back from a pack a day to no cigarettes at all before the 2 week mark/quit date, I'm going to see the whole 12 week prescription through. The biggest, and really only, negative side effect I've noticed is I either wake up every hour, or I only get a few hours of sleep until I'm just awake until my alarm goes off. Melatonin has helped a little & tonight I'm trying ZzzQuil. No crazy dreams like I've heard a lot about. 

Thanks for reading, thanks for being an amazing community, and good luck to all on every quitting journey!  