37 year smoker / day 2

Hey everybody,

I've been lurking here for about a week, reading a lot of the posts.
I've been about a pack a day smoker for 37 years.
I've smoked several different brands and rolled my own for a while.
Last December I had a CT scan at the VA hospital in Cheyenne WY. I wasn't feeling bad or anything like that, but my doctor thought I should get one because of my smoking for such a long time. CT scan found a small nodule in left lung. Nodule is small, it's too small to biopsy. Doctor says quit smoking now and get another CT scan in 6 months to see if the nodule has grown. 
Well, I didn't quit smoking. Had my follow up CT scan a couple weeks ago. The nodule did not grow, it's the same size, the CT scan was unchanged from 6 months ago.
I was so happy the nodule didn't grow and it's possible I've had this nodule for a long long time, but I'm playing with fire and I must quit smoking.

Doctor prescribed Bupropion HCL to help me quit. I've been on it for a little over a week and yesterday was my quit day.
Yesterday morning and this morning I want a cig so bad, I mean really bad. The bupropion helps, but takes a little while to kick in, so first thing in the morning is bad. I'm chewing a piece of 4mg nicotine gum right now. I also have a vape pen, the kind with the adjustable battery and I have 0mg nicotine tobacco juice.

I want to get thru with these nicotine withdraw symptoms, so I know I need to get off the nicotine gum as quickly as possible.
The vape pen helps, gives me a feeling of smoking. I have the battery cranked up as far as it will go, so I get a lot of vapor.
I'm gonna try to go without the nicotine gum maybe tomorrow morning, but based on these 2 mornings, it seems like mornings are going to be the worst time for me. I always had a cig when I got out of bed in the morning and early mornings was my heaviest smoking time.

I can't tell you how many times I bought a pack and said to myself this is my last pack. Then in a day or two I was buying another pack. Or I would buy a pack and say to myself I can make this pack last for 10 days. You know, have a couple every day, 1 in the morning and 1 in the evening. That never worked. 
So here's the deal, I'm going to do this. I'm not going to bum or buy any cigarettes and I'm going to quit. I need to quit. I want to quit. Thanks for reading my long post. 


