Its been 18 days and I have to confess some things

Ok so I guess it's confession time. 

First off it's actually been 17 days. I miscalculated when I made my badge. So that's confession #1.

The day after I decided to quit I went out with my friends and had two cigarettes. That's confession #2.

I didn't give in for a little over a week after that. I went to a buddy's house, we had dinner and drinks. I was feeling good, but I  didn't give in. I went to a bus stop and a kind fellow sparked a conversation with me as we waited for the bus. He pulled out his cigarettes and offered me one. I didn't ask for it, but I didn't refuse it. That's confession #3.

A couple of days after that I went to a casino. I had never been in a casino without chain smoking. I lost a lot of money that day. I didn't have a cigarette though. Despite the dent in my pocket I considered the day a victory. No confession needed. 

I work out of the office sometimes as part of my job. I was working on a job last Friday with a colleague of mine whom I see about 3 times a year and we usually take smoke breaks together. I told him I had quit. I told him it felt good. I asked him for a cigarette anyways and smoked one with him. That's confession #4.

This weekend I went to a Birthday party. Before the party started a buddy of mine was smoking a cigarette outside. I took two drags off of it. I didn't smoke the rest of the party when others were going out, but that's confession #5. 

That same night I met up with some other friends and we smoked some of that green stuff. One of my lady friends was smoking a cigarette by me and after being relatively high I took two pulls off of her cigarette. That's confession #6. 

So in 18 err... 17 days of being "smoke-free" I've had 5 cigarettes. 

Do I feel bad about it, no not really. I'm happy that I haven't bought a pack. I'm happy that I haven't given into the majority of the urges I've had. I'm happy that everyday that goes by the more and more distanced I feel from being a smoker. I'm happy that I have no desire to ever be an everyday smoker again. 

I've learned though that I probably will have another cigarette sometime. 

But that sometime is becoming smaller and smaller everyday. As more time passes the desires and joys of smoking that I once had dissipate. 

The wake up cigarette now sounds like the worst thing in the morning, it used to be my needed conscious awakening. 

The after coffee cigarette that I couldn't live without, is no longer even a thought I have to fight off. 

The cigarette when I leave work, or before bed or after a meal.. are all out of my mind. Writing about them now has brought them back into my consciousness, but I can honestly say I don't think I've thought about them in over a week. 
 
I confess, I haven't been perfect. I confess that when I go out and drink the urge to smoke is there. I confess that sometimes habits are hard to break.

But I must also confess that it feels great to breathe again. It feels great to be able to run, to play ball, to not have to cough up flem. 

I smell things like I never did before... that's both good and bad I guess. I mean I do live in NYC. Did the subways always smell like that?

All in all I'm happy I've made this change in my life and I'm determined to see it through. There's no turning back.

Will I have some other confessions to make down the line? Probably. 

But I hope you know I'm trying, and others out there who might have some confessions of your own.. I'm just here to say it's ok. 

We aren't perfect, but we are better off then we were when we started. And that's something worth confessing.





