Went for a jog that changed my life.

I've been smoking for the past 10 years. 

I was the athletic kid in high-school. I was on 4 different teams. 

The summer before college I decided to pick up that cigarette and so I became a "smoker". I went from smoking a few cigarettes a week to half a pack a day.

I became a product of routine. Wake up- have a cigarette. Coffee & bagel have a cigarette. Walk to lunch cigarette. After lunch cigarette. Before leaving work cigarette. Walk home from bus cigarette. Cigarette before dinner. Cigarette after dinner. Cigarette before bed. 

Not to mention the countless times I'd smoke any time I'd be out drinking. 

I had a preferred brand. I had a preferred smoker group of friends. I had an addiction. 

I lost that athlete I once was. Walking up steps had me short of breath. I'd start coughing up phlegm on a regular basis. I couldn't walk and smoke because I'd start feeling like I was going to throw up. 

None of that made me want to quit. If anything I just smoked more. I tried to read Allen Carrs book and it was great at first, but I gave it up. I didn't want to quit.

I told myself that I'd do it when I wanted to and I just never wanted to. 10 straight years and I never did it. Maybe I tried for a day or 2, but it was just torture. It felt like I was restricting happiness from myself and I'd always break because I felt that happiness was worth more.

I decided that this Thursday I was going to start getting back in shape. My buddy is having a Bachelor party in Costa Rica in 3 months and I need to start working on that beach bod. I decided I'd go for a jog.

I ran for 25 minutes. I felt like utter shit. I couldn't breathe. I was coughing. I was spitting up phlegm. I hadn't even run a mile and I was done. 

I'm not old, I'm not overweight, I should be able to run for more than a couple of blocks without becoming short of breath but I just couldn't. 

I got home and finally got my heart rate and breath under control after about 10 minutes. I drank water. The next 10 minutes were followed with intense coughing eventually causing me to throw up all the water I had drank.

That was the last straw. What the hell was I doing to myself? 

Killing myself, hating myself, lying to myself. 

I said that will be the last day I call myself a smoker. It's day 3 and I feel great. I have moments in my routine where I feel I want a smoke, but I remind myself I don't want it.. "I'm training". 

Every time I get that routine thought I say "I'm training" and I feel good about myself. I feel good that I'm not smoking. I feel good that I'm putting my life back on a healthy track. I feel good that I've taken control over something that had control over me for so long.

It's not like the other times. This isn't torture. This is freedom.

I owe it all to that jog. I didn't realize how bad it was until I went for that jog. 

I'm determined to make that jog the turning point in my life. When I look back on that jog I'll realize where I was and where I've come.

My friends doubt me, (I don't blame them) my family supports me, my fiance wants to quit also. I've realized that their input doesn't affect this process. This is a mission between myself, my body, my mind but most importantly my will. I'm determined to be defined by the things I've accomplished in life and not by the things that I've allowed to take over my life. 

I am no longer a smoker. 

It feels good to say that. I never thought it would. 

