Tried but failed, looking to try again this year!

I've been a smoker since I was 16 (21 now) so not a longtime smoker, I don't even smoke more than 2 cigerettes a day, maybe 4 a day on the weekends, trying to quit again, but about 3 months ago I quit cold turkey for 3 months.
Now, it's not the cravings, or headache, or body aches or triggers that get me, it's the fact I'm one of lucky few who got Smokers Flu BAD--the only reason I caved into cigs again is because my weight dropped down to 100 pounds, thanks to daily vomiting for 2 months, that would last at least one hour, followed by a bout of nausea that would last most of the day  (can you tell why I lost weight?), and I haven't gained any of that weight back, as a matter of fact my withdrawal symptoms never seemed to go away, they just seemed to be toned down. 
I don't throw up everyday, but every morning I have a sick to my stomach feeling that lasts most of the day that prevents me from eating, I think bowel issues (constipation was not a stranger during those 3 months) but what has me concerned  (but not the doctors--"it's just stress" bullshit) is I have a lingering mild discomfort pain in my left SIDE of my abdomen that comes and goes but always there especially in the morning. 
Google is no help at all, no where can I find anyone who's gone through what I am, and even though I have health insurance I have no faith in the medical system to listen to me unless I act like a total ass and make a big deal about it...
 is something wrong with my pancreas or is my body attempting to detox or did it get shocked when I starated smoking again? Any tips? Nothing helped the nausea or stomach pain except cannibas and well.. couldn't afford patches (40$?? That could have gone towards the food we desperately need after paying bills) and that alternative medicine isn't exactly cheaper but I trust it not to make me worse than God knows what pills the doctors would prescribe me.I just need to handle the nausea because if I quit again I fear I'll end up in the hospital for malnourishment or passing out because I lost to much weight.. it's my biggest concern be a use in HS I also had a battle with anorexia that I never quite recovered from either.. 
I know own the majority of you will tell me to go to the doctor but I need a better alternative.