Smokers who are always "Quitting"

One thing that bothers me all the time, but especially while quitting, are the smokers who are also "quitting", but aren't actually quitting.  We've all encountered these people.  I have nothing against people who put in a genuine effort, but it's the ones who think the cigarettes they smoke don't count because they bummed them, or because they swear it's their last pack.  The ones who talk about that one time they "quit", which really only lasted 10 hours but apparently morphed into an easy three week break until their ex/boss/roommate/mother shoved smokes down their throat again against their will.  There's always something.

And you know, it's fine.  I know quitting is hard (I've done it twice!  Lasted 8 years the first time!).  And smoking is awesome (it is, but not smoking is more awesome).  

But both times I've quit almost all the smokers I've known have felt the need to declare their intention to quit, too.  They often want to "quit together".  Uh, no.  I know from experience quitting has to be for yourself.  You can cheat and hide it if it's about anyone else, but you can't cheat yourself.  Besides, I know these people aren't serious.  

This time around my good friend told me she'd quit along with me (both times I've quit I didn't announce it, but it's obvious when I'm not lighting up).  All day she told me how easy it was, laughing at my stories of cravings.  She was lighting up from her pack that she had in her purse by 6pm.

I guess my point to all this is: Don't lie about quitting.  You're just lying to yourself.  The more you say you're quitting without the intention of quitting you're just making it harder for yourself when you actually do quit.  Besides, no one believes you after the first 10 times.  No one believes your stories of that time you quit for a month but had to start again because your boss only tells you important work info while you're smoking (I actually had a boss like that, and you know what I did?  Stand in the smoking area and hang out.  It sucked, but that's what quitting is!).  I think these people believe by always announcing that they're quitting that they're not really smokers, or that they're fooling people.  You're not.  You're a smoker.  Either you light up every day or you don't, I don't care what your intentions are.  And I don't really care either way, just stop trying to convince me and everyone else within earshot that you're quitting.  No one cares, and no one believes you.  You don't even believe you, otherwise you wouldn't have your next pack and a lighter in your pocket.  

It's also annoying because their excuses are always passive-aggressive ways of minimizing your struggles while you're actually quitting.  "Oh, I would have quit but my job is hard!"  "I had to smoke because my life is so complicated!" "I need to smoke to be so social!"  Stop it.  There are people with tough jobs, crazy exes and busy social lives that don't smoke.  I'm one of those people now (again).  "I can't quit!  I get terrible headaches and depression.  You have no idea".  Actually, yes, I do have an idea.  I...have a very good idea thankyouverymuch.  I'm going through stuff because I'm actually quitting, not pretend quitting.  Just because I'm more successful at it doesn't mean it's easier for me.  I honestly, sincerely don't judge people for smoking (I sort of envy them in a weird way).  Don't judge my struggle to stop.  

Rant over!  Day 18 if you're wondering.  