Day 4, second time around

One day when I was 24 I ran up two flights of stairs from my basement to my bedroom, thought it was ridiculous that I was so out of breath and decided to quit.  I had one more the next day and then went cold turkey.  I had never wanted or tried to quit before, and it really was a split second decision.  I had been a smoker for 10 years at that point.

Eight years later I was overseas for Christmas and extremely drunk and down on stuff and decided to ask a friend for a smoke at the bar.  I had two in a row, threw up and stayed away for a couple of months.  

Then I decided since it made me sick I could get away with just having one here and there.  Just at the bar, once a week.  Then I felt bad for always bumming smokes so I bought my own pack but gave them to my friend at the end of the night.  Then I started keeping the pack.  Then I would have one with a beer on a Wednesday night.  Then after dinner....you know the story.  

Here we are 5 years after that and I'm quitting again.  Currently on day 4.  Wouldn't mind murdering someone.  That sort of thing.  

The thing is, the first time I quit it was really hard but doable (obviously).  I tried to quit about a year ago and went two weeks, but every single day was met with a worse and worse headache and stomachache.  I would have days like that when I quit the first time, but this time it was never ending.  I couldn't concentrate or sleep well, it was just too much.  I finally caved and immediately after having a smoke the headache and stomachache dwindled.  Again I convinced myself I would only smoke one a day, but we all know how that goes.  

Okay, so this time I didn't know what to expect.  Day 1 was hell, just a headache all day.  But since then it hasn't been terrible.  As mentioned, homicide is on the mind at times and I do get distracted sometimes, but overall it's been physically doable this time over.  

I just wanted to add that, for me anyway, addiction never went away.  From what I remember, the physical cravings were all but gone after about 3 weeks, but for the whole 8 years of not smoking I would have sold my left arm to smoke again.  I had dreams about it (although often wrapped in guilt) and would consider having one half the time I got a little too drunk with friends who had them.  It wasn't an every day thing, I was a non-smoker and didn't 'crave' them like I am now.  But if the world was ending the first thing I would have done was light up and smoke my face off.  

But man I miss not stinking, not having to leave the table so often for a smoke, spending money on nonsense, etc. I travel a lot and being a non-smoker is much easier.  I moved to a new city this year where none of my friends or co-workers smoke, and my niece and nephew are old enough now to know what smoking is and can tell I do it.  

So day 4.  Not bad.  I did it once before, I'll do it again.  And now I'll know there's no "just one here and there".  Some people can do that.  I am not one of those people.  