My smoking story.

ITT: Story Time!!!

This might be a good read for anyone currently in the process of quitting smoking, thinking of starting to smoke, or anyone who wants to regale the memories of when they were a smoker.

I still remember my first cigarette. I will remember it for as long as I live. A buddy called me up when I was young and impressionable and told me that smoking a cigarette gave him the biggest buzz ever, and that I should try it. So, being the independent, free-thinking young lad I was, I drove up town to buy a pack of smokes. 2 months after my 18th birthday. The attendant checked my ID, and I stood there like a deer in headlights looking at the wall of cancer behind him. I didn’t know what the fuck I was doing. I sputtered out the first thing that came to mind. Marlboro reds.

Flash forward – I’m home. Hiding behind my parent’s barn so they can’t see me (they’d kill me if they saw me smoking). I lit up my first cigarette. Sucked it down, coughed like I had bronchitis, and then almost passed out as the world started to spin. I was light headed. For all intensive purposes, I was high as a kite. I loved it.

Then I came down. Decided that smoking was only going to be a part time thing. I put my cigarettes in a ziplock bag, buried it under some pine needles, and went inside and brushed my teeth to get the smell off my breath. I figured, everyone knows cigarettes rot your teeth out, so if I brush my teeth EVERY time I smoke, I’ll have the cleanest teeth ever!!

Two days and 4 cigarettes later, I woke up in the morning in a cold sweat. My head was spinning. I felt like my chest was being crushed, and had to remind myself to breathe. I sat on the edge of my bed and for the first time, consciously said to myself ‘’Dave, you’re addicted to cigarettes. Idiot.’’

So I’ll skip the SUPER long stories… needless to say my addiction grew. I switched to Camel full flavors. Then to camel unfiltered. Then to lucky strikes. At my worst, I was smoking 4 packs of lucky strikes a day. (I worked at a grocery store. Found out the owner was stealing cigarettes and made a deal that if I could smoke for free, I wouldn’t rat him out. He went for it). Then to 4 packs of camel Turkish golds. For two years. I cut down to 2 packs of Turkish gold 100’s. Then cut down to camel lights. 2 packs a day still. Then one pack a day. I felt like a human again, instead of a coal-plant smokestack. 

Fast forward 10 years. I now have a 5 month old son. My grandfather died of lung cancer 8 years ago. Lung cancer took my grandmother 2 days ago. When I found out she had passed, the first thing I did was walk outside and smoke. I smoked on my way to the trash can, pulled out my brand new pack of cigarettes, and threw them in. I flicked the cherry out of the one in my hand and tossed it away as well. I haven’t smoked since. 

I know it’s only two days, but it’s meaningful this time. This time I’m quitting for my family. I know I can quit. I’ve quit before for 9 months. This time it’s for good. I have a son to look after. I know I’m going to die one day, but I’m in no fucking hurry to get there. 

To anyone thinking about quitting: I hope they’re right. I hope the ads and commercials and positive words of encouragement are all right. I hope this for your sake, because they haven’t been right for me. Let me tell you all what nicotine withdrawls are like for me. Maybe what I’m experiencing is normal. Maybe not. Whatever the case, read the following words and then believe me when I tell you that I WILL NOT GIVE IN EVEN ONE TIME. EVER AGAIN.

I’m at a computer on night shift at work. I’m glad. Because if I was on dayshift, I probably would have tried to skin someone alive by now. I feel like I can’t breathe. The air just isn’t going into my lungs. I know it is… but it’s not thick and full of chemicals like I’m used to. It stinks. I’m nervous. I’m irritable in the worst sense of the word. My whole body itches. my face is numb and it feels like ants have been crawling under my skin for the last 29 hours and 46 minutes. Yes I’m fucking counting. I feel as if the continuous sound of breaking glass is the only noise that will calm me. I want to kill animals. I want to throw explosives. I want to destroy. I dread each waking minute. I want to cry, scream, shout, and claw at the walls until my nails bleed. I want to get into a fight, regardless of outcome. It takes all I have not to jerk the wheel of my car into the guardrails of any one of the 6 bridges I drove over to get here, and I know I’ll fight that urge to get home in a couple short hours as well. My scalp itches. I’m hallucinating. I see spots dance in the corners of my eyes, and whisps of air move around me randomly throughout my entire day. There are rabbits on the sides of the road when I’m driving. There are break lights and head lights in the distance…. And I know that NONE of that shit is real. It’s physically not there. 

But I know I don’t really feel, see or think any of that. It’s all the nicotine withdrawals. I’m a nice guy. Actually, I’m a pretty fucking awesome guy. I have a great job, great family, nice house, 5 cars. I laugh every chance I get and I love my friends fiercely. I work hard, I enjoy the outdoors. I love offroading, fishing, playing drums, DIY home projects, tinkering in my garage, and having bonfires with friends. The nicotine… my seemingly eternal demon… raging inside me. It wants me to fail. It wants me to fuck this up again. It wants me to die the same way my grandparents did. These goddamn ants are still crawling up my arms, and my face feels like it’s fucking melting off. 


Fuck smoking.

To anyone who wants to quit smoking. DO IT NOW. Don’t wait. You can only help yourself. If you want, you can text me any time, day or night. 419-357-8083 is my cell. Text me. (I don’t answer calls that I don’t have programmed in my phone). I can’t help you. I wont promise to. But I can sympathize. I understand. If you want to bitch, we can bitch together. If you want to tell jokes or send me cat facts, that’s fine too. As long as you quit fucking smoking. If I can do it, I KNOW anyone can. 

I’m sorry there’s no real continuity after my first couple paragraphs… I really am. But I’m rather scatterbrained right now, and I really needed to get this stuff out of my head.

TL;DR Just read the damn thing. I’m having one hell of a nic fit and I’m not editing or shortening SHIT.
