No idea how this happened, but I am officially past the 24h mark

Hey all! So glad I found you! This is an unexpected story of my first time quitting that I feel the need to share with anybody willing to listen. 


I have been smoking for almost half my life. First smoke was when I was 15 yo and I am turning 30 in less than a month. I was a heavy smoker and was using cigarettes as a way of coping with my depression and anxiety on top of the meds I was put on. I had a very tough couple of years but I am finally off the meds, having gone through a tough benzodiazepine withdrawal, and somehow managing to also lose a bit over a third of my body weight in the meantime. All was going so much better, I am in a good place career wise, got married to my best friend, started exploring the world and settling into adult life.. but I was still smoking at this point. Until something clicked. 


It started last Monday. I took a day off since I worked on Sunday and I was tired and really needed some fresh air. My husband took me for a walk in the park, we were planning on catching up on some reading in the warm spring sun, looking forward to relaxing times. On the way there I randomly decided to download an app that spaced my cigarettes apart so that the timer would increase and I would quit in a certain amount of time. At this point, I had no real intention of actually quitting. I don't even know what I was thinking, it was just something that randomly popped into my mind while waiting for the green light. Anyway, I managed to smoke about 14 cigarettes that day, about half of what I usually had. Next day I started working again and the habit kicked in a bit more, but I somehow was still following the timer and smoking only when the app allowed me to. I kept this up and this Sunday I somehow thought I would see how much I can go on just a cigarette. I ended the day with only two logged in my app.

Seeing this on my screen made something click. I don't know exactly what, maybe the idea that I don't really need them? That smoking only two a day, down from 30, wasn't that bad? That this was just another challenge like all those that came before? That 30 is coming up and I want to be free? All of these, maybe, and a bit of health anxiety still around. I decided that I was quitting the next day. 


I just got my 24 hour badge and this is my first post here. I don't know how I even thought this wasn't a possibility for me. I relied so much on those cigarettes to think and relax and socialise and drive and learn and.... I look at some of those moments now and I am in awe that my mind could change so suddenly, randomly and, hopefully, decisively. It sure feels like this is it and I can do this.

And if I can do this when I laughed at the mere thought...anyone can.

TL;DR quit randomly after smoking half my life when I realised I didn't need it