I recently quit but my wife still smokes

A bit of exposition: I am 31 my wife is 33, we have been together for almost 4 years, were married in September. I have been a smoker for 16 years, her for 18; we were both good kids and waited till we were 18 to start. We have discussed quitting a few times, mostly brought up by me. I have had more of a love/hate relationship with them, she smokes more than I did. We want to have kids soon and she has said that when we start trying she will quit. I believe her, she is really serious about the mom thing. And that makes me happy, but now that I have quit I just want her to as well.

Today is day 14 for me, cold turkey. I have quit successfully once before and was off them for almost a year. For 11 years I was a waiter and quitting was a very difficult prospect, transferring restraunts and moving to a new state helped, but eventually the nails found the coffin again. In December I quit and found a new job, I was the only smoker employed here so quitting has been easier. I also bought a Nintendo Switch for us for Christmas, and then a few weeks ago found a Snes Classic and bought it. Guilt has been a factor in my quitting, I bought a bunch of toys and wanted to justify it, so I quit smoking to help that guilty feeling;  didn't even bring it up to the wife till day 2.

The first week was terrible for me. Much worse than I remeber the first time being. Now my body had been aching all over. My mood swings seem to be improving. My cravings are starting to subside I think. (I want one right f****** now) I live in a legal state so when I am home I take a hit of bud now and then to curb the craving. I also drink coffee all day and alcohol most evenings. I have been eating more which is good, I weigh very little.

Anyway I know my wife isn't ready, I know again now how much of a struggle it is, and I know how much I hated being hounded by others to quit.  I haven't said anything to her about my feelings, but recently I have been playing with the idea of parenthood, because I know its her decided way out of smoking! Not in total seriousness, but still, it's a thought. Both of her parents were smokers, even smoked with her after she started. Both have quit and are living healthy lives so I am hopeful!

I just found this subreddit today hoping it existed and needing to get this off my chest, it is super slow this morning at work and I get out early today and its going to snow! Thanks reddit.