48 hours

I'm clearly not an ex smoker for very long, but it seems like it would be therapeutic for me to write about my experience, and maybe it will help someone else.

I quit at 5pm on September 18th.  Technically two calendar days ago, 32.5 hours ago. 

 I don't remember anymore when I started smoking, maybe 15 years ago?  I've "tried" to quit before, but never seriously.  This time, I am using the patch + gum, and am staying at my father and stepmother's house because I don't usually smoke around them.  My father is a gynecological oncologist, and my step-mother is a nurse who has dealt with cancer patients, and also watched as her father had a good portion of his jaw removed due to cancer.

The primary things I try to remind myself of as motivators for my quitting are:

* money

* time - I never thought of it, but saw on reddit recently a reminder that 5min * 20 cigarettes....

* vanity.  I see high school friends, and actresses the same age as me.  I have wrinkles.

* health.  This will likely prove detrimental to my health


An ex boyfriend of mine quit a while ago, and told me that for him, it was just a matter of getting through the first four days.  I figure I can do four days.  Mind you, I had a severe form of the flu a few months ago, I was fucking dying and yet I insisted on going out each night to take one drag, cough uncontrollably for awhile ad nauseum.  

So, so far I chew the gum when I have a craving.  I always maintained I was " not addicted to nicotine " because I could go hours on flights or due to necessity without cravings.  What has surprised me the most has been a lack of a seemingly physical component.  What is driving me up the fucking wall is the periodic alert of my brain, "hey, you should go smoke!".

I try to explain it to people as the reason why I never really smoked marijuana.  For me, it was a constant state of my brain firing a message of "what happened before was just a dream, now you're lucid" - it became a stream of me saying the same thing over and over, or asking "did I just say X?".  It's one of the worst feelings I've ever experienced in my life, and it's the same one I'm experiencing now - this feeling that there is a part of my brain that keeps firing off messages unaware of my current knowledge state.  I feel like a portion of my brain is being controlled by a toddler..

"You should smoke!"

"I can't"

....

"You should smoke!"

People keep telling me it will get better.  Fuck them.  All I hear at the moment, is that I am in agony and I should suffer for some supposed goal.  I called a friend who had quit smoking before, and it was honestly the first time in 2 days I felt sane.  I guess I can understand the mentality behind support groups, because I really needed to hear someone who knew what I was going through.

I saw somewhere in this subreddit that day 3 sucks, followed by a reincarnation after two weeks.  How fucking cheesy is it that subreddit flair makes me feel better?  Like each one day is a recognizable step forward...here is hoping to day 3.