3 weeks ~.~

My husband asked me last night, "hasn't it been three weeks now?".  I scoffed and checked my phone, and I realized it was and told him I couldn't believe it.  He said something like "yeah, it feels longer, huh?".

**No.  It doesn't feel longer.  It feels like I am reliving day four of this hellish nightmare over and over and over again.**

So, I am not doing so well with this.  I really, really, really, really (no, seriously I do) want to smoke.  I am so depressed, and I feel so dejected every morning.  I wake up, ignorant of it all, dying to smoke...and then I have to remember that no, that's not going to be happening.

I really don't know how to explain it.  I feel like I'm in some sort of jail; that I've lost my essential freedom.  I feel like a dog with learned helplessness.  This is made worse by the fact that I am the jailer!  I am the sadistic monster on the other side of the wall beating the apathetic body on the ground *thatjustwantstosmoke*.

I was in a car accident last week.  The tow truck driver's cab reeked of cigarettes, and there I saw them on the dashboard.  But I resisted.  I can go out now and be around other smokers (whom I now call "jerks") and I can wait at bus stops again.

I have pretty much said "fuck you" to every one of my "stop smoking motivators".  Money?  Who fucking cares?  Wrinkles?  Too fucking late!  Health?  Because I want to live longer feeling this way?  Let's also not forget that I spent the last week almost immobilized because my lungs were **not** my friends.



Anyway, I'm not going to smoke.  Despite what I said above, and the inability to perceive any sort of time accomplishment, there are two reasons I am not going to smoke.

The lesser reason is that I said I wasn't going to.  I have spent my entire life fucking things in my life up because I am lazy and I don't have any willpower.  It is time I finished something I started the first time even if "wah wah it's so hard".

The main reason I haven't smoked yet: because I'm not going to enjoy it, and I know it.  I know the last 3-5 years of my smoking it's been like the exboyfriend you pine after.  "Oh man I want to smoke!" - but it's not that good.  This idea I have in my head doesn't exist.  I'm going to cough, it's going to taste awful...and I really don't need it.  For fuck's sake, I used to  smoke after running.  *After running*.  It was basically a 5 minute coughing fit - but something in my head just kept saying "tralala this will be magical..." - but it isn't and I know it's not going to be.

So, that makes me even more depressed.  

Damn you, reality!  * *shakes fist* *.