4 STAR POWER!

What a great 4 months it's been! I've had a lot of breakthroughs that I'd love to share, but school's in session so I'm gonna stick to my homework for now.

I just wanted to say that this sub has helped me a lot and now I think I can conquer any craving I have just by being myself and not a "smoker". I have checked this sub in times of need, sometimes more than once a day! It has been and will continue to be a pleasure to know you guys (and gals).  

I went from smoking 2 packs a day for 3 years to cold turkey fuck this bullshit over the summer, and I feel like a new me! Exercise and diet have helped a lot, but my overall productivity (because I stopped smoking herbs as well) has skyrocketed, and I'm employed as well! 

I'm ecstatic that a simple chai in the morning can get me through the day, not 40 sticks.  Numbers really make a difference.  I've gotten through 1 business quarter (as in 4 months, not real ones) and MAN have I turned a profit.  :)

I can swim, run, play tennis, and enjoy family time by living a rich life, and I don't mean rich as in money.  

I've started reading, a LOT in fact.  A still forest pool by achan chah and the moral landscape are just some books that have really piqued my interest.  And no, they are not about quitting! 

Some days are tougher than others, but keeping busy is key! It's not about repeatedly saying DON'T SMOKE in the mirror, but saying, "What are some things I would like to do in the present moment that would make me feel alive?" instead of smoking.  What used to be a second nature gesture of reaching into my pocket, flicking out my zippo and lighting one up is completely alien due to practicing discipline of mind.  

I really am just so happy that smoking is no longer an enormous part of my life.  If, in the future, I decide to have a social hookah session, or have a cigar after I graduate, I will remind myself that these material pleasures are not everlasting, and that the thoughts and principles you bring into the activity are more important than the actions themselves.  Sure, I think about smoking everyday, hell, I want to buy a water vaporizer just to satisfy my oral fixation, but I haven't.  Maybe I will, maybe I won't, it's all up in the air, but I've got momentum and I'm going to run with it. 

As of now making money, being honest, and getting educated are the primary goals in my life, and THAT is what helped my forget my smoking habit, once and for all. 

