Grow a pair and quit. That's what I told myself.

I said that the day I quit...and I'm a woman..lol

I'm at 22 days smoke free. It's not a year, it's not 10 years, it's not even a month. BUT, I can tell you, after smoking on and off for 25 years, I'm done. 

I made every excuse for many years to not quit- I was too stressed, I had too much chaos in my life, I would quit tomorrow, I'll just cut back, I enjoy it, it's part of me, I'm fine, I can't quit when I have so many other things going on, I don't want to, this isn't the best time, it helps me concentrate, smoking gives me a much-needed break, it helps with my anxiety, etc. I had every excuse in the book. 

But at the same time, every night, I'd lay in bed and worry that I'd die from cancer and my 3 kids would be mom-less. I'd see those anti-smoking commercials on tv with my husband and kids and be filled with guilt and shame. I hated that I smoked. I was filled with guilt and worry and shame. In my heart of hearts, I loathed that I smoked.

One day I told myself- "grow a fucking pair!" Stop this bullshit. No day is going to be the perfect day. Just fucking quit. Woman up and quit.

And I did. It wasn't a perfect day, in fact I went to a friends house for a get-together where I knew there would be smoking and I just maintained. And I went camping that weekend, on days 2-4 of my quit where people were smoking at the campfire, my favorite activity!

There is no perfect day, no easy day. 

It's hard to quit. Quitting is a hard process!!! But you just man or woman up and you fucking quit. It sucks, but you get through it. You take deep breaths and the cravings pass. You're an asshole to the people around you, you cry, you rage, you hate life, it's hard. 

But you got yourself into this situation, now you have to get out. And you can!!! 

It's a process.  Thankfully, every day gets easier. 

All I know is that it took so much work to get here. And I will not turn back. I won't do this shit again!

So for anyone looking for the perfect day to quit, for anyone who is saying "I need to smoke because a,b or c"... No. 

There is no perfect day and you don't need to smoke. It gives you nothing but problems. Nothing.

Tell yourself: man/woman up. I'm going to stop smoking and it's going to suck. But I'm still going to quit. Ill get through this. I'm strong. I'm stronger than this stupid addiction to some stupid plant, altered by some asshole company that wants my money, wrapped in paper. It will get easier. 

It's a process. And we all can do it. We all can quit and stay quit. 👍


Edited to add: in my experience, do it cold turkey. If you're going to quit, quit. I didn't want to quit 2 times! For me, I had to Quit that shit, deal with the withdrawal only once. I had to get 100% rid of the very substance that was killing me. Rip the band aid off.

That said - quitting is a personal endeavor. And by all means, do stay you have to do to quit. No judgement here. As long as we kick this stupid, wasteful, gross addiction...by any means necessary!!!! 