26 hours in during my 43rd attempt

Just kidding, I lost count on the number of attempts I had. 

Today marks the 8 year anniversary of me having my first cigarette, so I thought I can make it special by trying again to quit. My most successful attempt was in January last year, when I managed to go through the whole month without as much as a puff - it was my new year's resolution to stop smoking. But then, after walking past a smoker, I remembered the feel of smoking, and I bought a low-tar low-nicotine pack of cigs, just to see if I'm strong enough to stop after one silly cancer stick. Obviously, I wasn't.

Some attempts have been more successful (2-3 weeks), other were fleeting (10 hours). The thing is, I love smoking. I love the smell of the smoke, I love the inhalation of toxins, I love having a cigarette in my hand and I love the immediate wind-off you have. I even love the slightly dizzy feeling you get after smoking one rapidly.

What I hate about smoking are the after and long-term effects: bad breath, yellow teeth, low stamina (I try to go to the gym at least twice per week, and, while I'm still able to perform well, in the days I don't smoke I'm unstoppable), ageing of the skin, the smell on the clothes (I never smoke inside a room, I find myself repulsive afterwards) and, lastly, the anxiety I get knowing that I am harming myself in the long run. Anxiety which sends me back to craving.

I try to have a healthy lifestyle, I eat in moderation and proportionally, macro-nutrient wise, I exercise, I avoid sodas and overly sugary beverages, I try to cook all my food. If it weren't for smoking, I would definitely be a healthy person by any standard. 

But every time I quit, every activity and every person seems dull, mundane. There is something missing. And I know what it is, and I try to fight it, until I just give up and think that we are all going to die anyways, why deny one small thing that makes me happy, why not try just one cigarette, to feel better, then quit again. And it never works like that.

Anyway, writing this block of text has actually helped me through a craving, it's a new approach I wanted to try. It's borderline self-pity, but, if it is of some help to other people, then it's worth it. 

**TL;DR:** Having a love-hate relationships with tobacco, trying to write about it in order to postpone cravings