My reasons for stop smoking.

Age 31 in 3 days
Male
Smoking for about 10 years.
Picked up smoking quite late compared to my friends. (friends started around when we were like 16 because it was "cool/hip")
I didn't smoke socially in the beginning, used to hide it from my smoker friends for few years.
I picked up smoking after mxing tabacoo in my joints.
Tried cigarettes to find the buzz / high from my joints and here  I am...

ps. excuse my ugly formatting. i couldn't proof read grammar and spelling errors... i was afraid i was going to go out and buy a new pack if i get stressed over this

REASONS FOR STOP SMOKING

1. I have Crohn's Disease. Smoking is the single worst thing for my condition. There is no medicine that's more beneficial than quitting smoking.
   Doctors have strongly warned me / begged me. I absolutely agree with them. I want to give them a good news. I don't want to carry a poo bag with me with more and more operations removing parts of my intestine.
   It's been 2 years since my operation. Hopitalised for a week and I wasn't allow to eat anything for a whole 5 days. I initially quit after I came home for 2 weeks or so. 
    Why the fuck did I pick it up again. That one single cigarette started it all. No more, 

2. My friends and family wishes me best for my health. My parents and I ignore this matter like an elephant in the room. I know they want me to quit, and I desperately want to quit NOW.

3. It is waste of money. Tabacco prices will rise indefinately. Atm, it's around $1AUD per one single cigarette. I can save $100 every week if I quit. WOOHOO

4. I smell bad, really bad while I smoke, and also after for long time. Disgusting.

5. I used to hate smokers around me when I was young. Why did I become one of them?

6. Build confidence talking to someone. Bad breath  results in lack of confidence to talk to someone face to face.

7. Feels like cigarettes are in control of me every single day, every moment whereever I go. I want to be free.

8. I am overweight and I seriously lack fitness.

9. I want to tell people what I have gone through and help others quit.

10. Breathing feels short and laboured

11. I work as a chef and I want to taste and smell every ingredient what I put in. It's unethical / unhygienic for someone that cooks food to go out and have a cigarette break in between service time.

12. Cigs taste awful and they make everything taste like shit. I have lost appetite. I am eating more junky, salty, fatty food than ever before.

13. To get better sleep and wake up fresh with no gunk in my throat/lungs. I always binge smoking 2 hours before going to bed at night. I don't know why but I guess it's something I do when I have nothing to do.

14. Throat irritation and green goo built up in my throat makes me sick.

15. Smoking really ruins the moment when you go on a trip, getting to know someone new etc etc.