One of a thousand

First of all, this is another of those "I'll finally stop now" posts, but with a lot of story that has to go off my chest now.
Some background to begin with:
I want to quit, and actually really want it since nearly two years now. This will really arose after getting out of a destructive relationship with a complicated girl, including all the trouble in the world you could imagine. She had borderline, developed a strong alcohol addiction and sticking with her brought me to my personal rock bottom. After the point we weren't a couple for quite some months but still living together and she took the step to get the help she needed, it was also the time to part ways and I took that chance to think about my self, with the reflection on the hell i went through over the last two years and came to the point that smoking was my demon, stopping me from being happy with my self. Well and here I am after another 20 months, not being able to kick its ass and free myself.
So now to the way I went in that time. I started with just stopping, which went well for a couple of weeks, as I was really sick of it, but eventually there was one of those nights with booze and my mates and suddenly I wasn't sick of it any more. How weird right? I knew it was retarded, but with that a ugly journey started. I started again but didn't tell any one, not smoking while with friends or at work, except those "exceptional" nights as I told others. Already quite shitty of a feeling, especially regarding the thoughts about what others would think if they knew... In parallel tried multiple things, including "easy way" and whatnot to be there. I started mediating, working out, eating healthier. 
All of that on and off to the point, when in the evening I soaked my cigarettes, telling them to fuck off and that this shit is over now. All that just to wake up the next morning, fighting my thoughts under the shower, buying a new pack on my way to work, just to throw it away after 4 cigarettes straight in a row and being disgusted by myself. You wouldn't guess it but in the evening, after work, the first thing was buying a new pack, just to begin that circle with the soaked package and full of rage again in the night. I don't know how often I did that, how long I'm lurking this subreddit or how often I've read or listened to Allan Carr, but still here I am.

But tonight I'm going to smoke my last one, and tonight I write this to let everyone out there, feeling stupid and fully retarded, know that there is always someone doing worse, but as long as you don't give up, you are on the way to your goal.
I will hit my goal with the end of this night and won't look back. Nothing is different tonight but this post, but sometimes it's something that is supposed to help others, which in return help you more than anything you do for your self.

Thanks for reading this everyone and good luck with your journey, I know we all can do this!

I'll end this fight tonight and so can you, and than we're again in the same boat, but this one will go to better coasts every day!