For those struggling but never tried NRT

So I just wanted to share my story in the hope that it'll help someone else... after the best part of 8 years smoking 10-15 a day I was as mentally addicted as you could get - my body just couldn't physically handle more cigs than that.

Those 10-15 were a ritual - driving was always my big trigger, but then alao before and after a meal, during every pint, whenever i got bored. All the usual triggers.

It got to the point where I needed to stop. I had done 3 years cold Turkey before (So my 8 years smoking was over a time span of 11 years) but this time kept trying it and failing miserably - to the point where every day for 18 months was a new quit attempt.

 By now my mind had mentally signed off from the mental addiction - I knew I needed to stop and I was sick of everything to do with it but those hunger pangs in the morning or after a couple hours was just too intense.

Having tried NRT again before and failed miserably I decided maybe I needed to approach it differently with a bit more structure and a plan.

So that's exactly what i did. I started off religiously taking 1 x 4mg lozenge every morning for 1 week, and another lozenge every time I would normally have had a cig.

I then swapped that for the 2mg lozenges, for 1 week, again religiously taking them. 

The third week I stayed on the same 2mg lozenges but only took then when I had a craving however big or small. I filled my day with busy things, hobbies and social life and many other things to keep my mind occupied- this for me was a key step.

After the third week, I dropped to the 1.5mg lozenges which are the weakest I can find on the shelves at the supermarket and literally only took them if I absolutely was going nuts for a cig.

Over the 4th week I barely touched them. I would get the occasional "oh a cig..." but it was as though someone was suggesting this from far away, not right on my shoulder as before.

For the last 2 week's I've not touched a cig, not a lozenge, and am getting zero thoughts or cravings.

Just putting this out there for anyone who is at the end of their tether and hasnt ever tried NRT- it seems like one you have to throw yourself into with a proper plan but if you do, it could be just the difference to help you taper off those cravings.

The difference this time versus cold Turkey attempts is that this time I really gave it a real go. I even had a deck of cigs in the car at all times, and consciously made it a choice.

Hope that helps and if anyone wants to ask anything about how NRT felt etc. Just shout.
