Im not a smoker. But people still see an "Ex-smoker"

You guys are great,  and I want to thank you for being there for me when I needed it. This is a great community and it helped me quit smoking,  for that I'll always be greatful. I read Alan Carr's Easyway to stop smoking,  and it completely turned my head around. I had a rough first month full of cravings, mood swings, and irritability, but it was just one month. And it was constantly getting better after the first week. As I head into my third smoke free month without a single nicotine relapse, after smoking a pack a day for four and a half years,   I have never been more confident that I am finished smoking. 

Here's the thing,  I just wish "he doesnt smoke" would be the plain, unsignificant descriptive trait that I want it to be.  When you're a non smoker and you meet someone,  you are usually more surprised when they step outside and light a cigarette after lunch. You are more surprised to learn that they smoke than if you suddenly realize they don't smoke. When a Non smoker meets another non smoker, it never crosses their mind that this person is, indeed, not a smoker.  It is much more normal nowadays to be a nonsmoker,  and I'm happy to conform and be normal in that respect. 

The problem I have is with the people around me who know I used to smoke. They treat me like an "ex-smoker" instead of just another non smoker. They constantly bring it up like its a good conversation starter or like they're genuinely happy for me. 

"How is quitting smoking going?"
[perfectly fine until you brought it up and made me start thinking about it again]

"Quitting is sooo hard,  thats great that you were able to do it"
[polite way of saying 'I didn't think you were capable] 

"did you use the patch? My cousin's brother in law's sister used the patch and it worked sooo well for her,  you should try the patch!"
[I appreciate you wanting to help, but you have zero understanding of nicotine addiction, and I dont need your advice when I've already beaten it on my own.]

"Do you mind if we smoke around you? Does it bother you? Does it make you want to smoke? "
[would you put your cigarette out if I said it did bother me? Stop treating me like I'm different from the rest of the people around who aren't smoking.  We're outside.] 

It really bothers me with my dad,  who is a heavy smoker,  who I love dearly but I refuse to try and convince he should quit anymore. He's stubborn and set in his ways. He asks me how its going since I quit smoking, I tell him my sense of smell is better, food tastes better, and I can walk the dog further than a block, and then he asks how many cravings I've had or tells me I should keep some nicotine gum just in case. Dad, you say you understand your nicotine addiction, but you really have no fucking idea how this works. I tried to get him to at least read the book, maybe he'll have that eureka moment like I did,  but he wont. 

I dont know,  guys,  maybe that book is just magic..  My wife quit when she learned she was pregnant.  She skimmed the first few chapters of the book but said she didnt need it to quit and that she'd be fine. I quit a few weeks later after I had read the book. Now in our third month,  she seems to be having a worse time than I am. She says she still thinks about it every day and still has the desire to smoke, while for me that desire is long gone and the cravings come and go in a matter of seconds and only a few times a week. 

I think this has gone on long enough and Im not quite sure what the message was that I was trying to convey,  but I've killed a little bit of time at work and blown off some steam.  Thanks again for being cool, /r/stopsmoking.  

TL;DR: I prefer to be treated as every other non smoker instead of as an 'ex-smoker' and the people I know are the worst at not understanding that. 