DAY 25!! And I live with a smoker who smokes inside, if i can do it, anyone can -- all about the mindset!

Hello all, I update here periodically, as it helps--and hopefully gives others inspiration. 

A little back story, for anyone who cares to read. I am 29 years old this month, I have been smoking since I was 13, a pack a day since 15/16 - half of my freakin life! ~~~ I quit on Aug. 1st and have not smoked since. I did use the 21mg nic patch for 10 days, then decided I did not want or need it any longer. And here I am. Also, my SO still smokes, and has no real desire to stop, she smokes inside too. Needless to say cigarettes are within my reach almost all the time. However, I have not smoked, nor do I really want to.

I have been trying to put into comprehension what it was that was different for me this time, something just clicked and while I am still early in my journey - I know this is my final time beating my addiction!


After researching, and reading everything I could find on the subject, I am almost certain it was Allen Carr's sentence "Smoking withdrawal is just a _feeling_." Then from there, when I read "Don't mope, rejoice" That just did it for me. It sounds silly to me now, as I am typing this out. 

To be totally honest, the above just put me on the right path I should say. Then I stumbled upon "Stoicism" I will not go too far into this, I suggest looking into it, however the main point I want to make is that we control our thoughts and emotions ( for the overly emotional, and most women (lol - including myself)we can control how we respond to an emotion that just manifest itself). 


I also use self talk. 

Obviously at this point, it is solely mental and no longer physical. The urge passes and I feel proud and happy each time I overcome another one. 

This is by far the most difficult thing I have endured, it is also attainable and doable, as long as you *WANT* it, and don't *WHINE* or *MOPE* about no longer putting poison in your lungs.

Thanks to everyone, what did it for you fellow non-smokers? 
 