5 mo smoke-free last year. Forever smoke-free starting right now.

Long post, just my thoughts and really nothing special.

It's 23:21. 15 minutes ago I've just had my last cigarettes, 2 very fast smoked ones. The last one was really a challenge to finish. I've thrown away my pack and lighter, brushed my teeth and downloaded the smoke-free app.

I will try to anticipate my cravings.

My first cigarette was being smoked on my way from the sub to work. I will check reddit, this sub and the NoFap one, as I am fighting 2 addictions.

Tomorrow I will have one when having my coffee. I will buy a croissant and enjoy it instead of my coffee and stay in the office, not in the rain.

I will feel tempted at some point at work. I work as a Tech Support Engineer, a customer will probably piss me. By having a smoke I just get away from the determining factor. I will just get out and have a 5 mins walk.

I will want to smoke after lunch. I will have a desert and chew a gum.

At some point my colleague will invite me to have a smoke. These first days I will decline him. I won't cut the social parts of my life in the future, but I am just fragile these first days.

At home I will want to smoke. I will have some breathing excersies, read something, watch those new documentaries that I've discovered on Netflix, check reddit, drink some water, eat a fruit, have a cup of tea, brush my teeth, even try to meditate, why not?

As the title says I was smoke free 5 months last year. I used Chantix, now I am not using anything any more. I relapsed at a family reunion, not much to tell.

Why am I quitting? Things I've enjoyed last time:

 I will not be tired after taking the stairs

 it will boost my confidence and feel winning everyday, having this 'the sky is the limit' feeling

 I will be less anxious and more sociable

 I will sleep less (6 hours) and feel much, much more energized

 I will enjoy my 40 perfumes collection

 I will not cough anymore (I will a lot in the first 2-3 weeks or so, but get clean after)

 I will have more random and morning wood (that's a thing for me)

 I will be able to concentrate more eficiantly and for longer periods

 I will feel the taste of food

 I will feel emotions and dopamine kicking in much, much more intensely

*forgot about the financial part. I will have, of course, more money to spend on little but nice things.

This will be, more or less, my journal. Not sure how much I will update it, I am more of a reader than a writer, but who knows.
