I quit after 14yrs cold turkey. Used fasting & fruit smoothies.

Hmm. I sound like one of those infoschermcials.

First, I decided they had just become tooooo expen$ive.
(What else could I be buying?)
I had turned into Dr. Hakenkoff & Flemm.
THE SMELL!!!
THE AWFUL BROWN OIL ON EVERYTHING!

well... you know all that already.

So I was ready. Friday I get in the car after work. And I decide: "This is the one." I enjoyed the hell out of that cigarette. Stoppped at the store & picked up loads of bannanas, strawberries, peaches, etc... went home & blend blend blend.

And I stuck to it. All weekend. I think I watched a lot of movies and slept, (of which, I am normally rather active, more string bean than potato shape.)

SO. 

By the time Sunday rolls around, it's less of  "I need a smoke", and more of "I need a ham and cheese sandwich!!!" 

I think I stopped on the way to work and got a great breakfast. Biscuits & Gravy, likely.

It was around Wednesday night I got weak. {Great Gnashing of Teeth}
and I think I still had a few laying around... so I lit one up...

... and it was NASTY!!! Put it out after a few puffs.

... and that was it.

That was in 2003, I think... somewhere in there.

I even ~tried~ to start back, and it made me sick.... some about four years ago. I gave it to my nephew. (Even splurged for the all natural stuff.)

So I ~wish you the very best~ of any sort of fasting. I figure it flushed that dirty nic right outta me. After that it was all in my head, and I got that licked.

Namaste

ps: PLEASE be careful in any stark or sudden changes of diet. Do your homework. Know what you're getting into. Say one has been eating a continual stream of fast food & processed foods, and then go all smoothies, well.... all those commercial toxins will come flooding into your system in an effort to escape.... and one may likely be ~quite sick~ from it.

So take it easy. I think I had quit eating beef at this point, so fruiting it up was allright for me.   

"We are what we eat, eats."
"Cookies need love like everything does"

pps: I did pick up cinnamon toothpicks after that. And I did put on a few pounds, but nothing blimpness or such. ~shrug~ (which now in 2017 I have lost and am back to my high school weight.)  ~gleam~