Hello. Again.

There are two weird things about me giving up smoking:

1. I once gave up for three years before deciding to start again
2. I didn't decide to give up this time

So I gave up way back when, read Alan Carr's book, it worked, I stopped smoking. 

Fast forward to the smoking ban in pubs in the UK in 2007. It was a warm summer's night, and most of my friends (all smokers) were drifting outside regularly for a cigarette. I followed them out for the conversation, then got chatting to some girls who were smoking, and well... yeah, I decided to start again to have a reason to stay outside. Dumb.

And since then I've been smoking occasionally. I've given up for brief periods, I've updated my flair here a few times where I've tried to give up for periods, but I seem to have psychological links to being in the pub or going to/from work. I never smoke at home.

New Year's Eve comes around, I smoke a few cigs over the course of the night, and in the morning don't feel like having one at all. The g/f (not one of the girls from the above tale, but I did meet her outside smoking) does want one so I just hand over the packet I have left in my trouser pocket from the night before.

And I don't smoke all day. Not the first time, but hey, it makes a difference.

And then today, I needed to travel and didn't have any cigs on me so had a craving but couldn't do anything about it, so just got on with the day.

And then 3 hours later I realise I have a craving again as I leave the tube station and there is a shop that sells cigarettes and perhaps... but I notice the craving is quite light. And I can't see the point in spending the best part of £5 on 10 cigarettes given I can't *really* be bothered.

I've literally realised how stupid a habit it is, how expensive it is, how I don't need it, want it or even really like it.

And so I made the decision: let's see how long I can last. I've gone years before. I'm not thinking about that right now, I'm just going to dust down Carr and make sure that the next 24 hours is smoke-free. And then the next 24 hours. And so on.