66 Days

Hey /stopsmoking

I've been pretty quiet the last several weeks, and feel like I should say something, so here is my experience so far in chronological order (I'm an engineer, suck at writing.)

1. When I was looking to quit I frequently imagined my last cigarette. The last one had to be something special, it had to be satisfying and then I could be done... this was wrong.

I remember the last one as being just as disgusting and disappointing as all the rest. In fact, I smoked my last one while my wife brow-beat me from a window, it was annoying knowing I'd have to go in and face her. It felt dirty,  it was not satisfying it did nothing to bid me farewell.

The last one is just the dying gasp of the addiction.

I told everyone around me that I was quitting, I kept to myself, avoided confrontation and read the shit out of /stopsmoking for three days.

2. I didn't want quitting smoking to require quitting drinking. My doctor recommended not drinking when I discussed my plans. I felt like quitting both would link them psychologically, so I increased my alcohol intake during the first week. It worked very well, the first few days were rough, but now I drink less (maybe I drank more in the past to have an excuse to smoke, who knows,) and I don't have any increased cravings while having a drink or two with a friend.

3. Never ever smoke one again. This was the most difficult mental hurdle for me. I've always been jealous of people that can smoke one and walk away (my wife). Pretty early on into my quit a coworker who'd been smoke free for 2 years started up again. It was just one cig that did him in. It scared the shit out of me.

I was pumped after my first day, because I knew I could finally do it, and the thought of smoking again was the furthest thing from my mind.

It feels AMAZING to climb stairs with breath to spare, to smell good all the time (smokers smell terrible now), to go into a gas station and buy a soda, and walk out knowing how much money you saved.

I can't help anyone quit, all I can do let you know it's better on this side. The cravings go away. You won't miss the social interaction of a smoke break, you'll greet a whole new world or non-smokers. You will save money. You will live longer. YOU WILL HAVE SELF RESPECT.

Thank you /stopsmoking, you have gotten me to 66 of the best days of my life.