Hope this is the last time I am 'trying' to quit

I really need help. I haven't felt so unhealthy before. Sometimes I feel it is already too late to quit smoking and that makes me want to have a cigarette. I am 30 and started smoking approximately 9 years ago. I remember thinking,before I started, 'Why would anyone want to inhale smoke,makes no sense'

Been on a pack a day for almost 7 years of the 9 years. I keep active by working out, running, playing sports etc. Although smoking did affect these activities, it wasn't like I could not do them. But it has reached a point where I am worried every time I lift weights or run whether I am over exerting my heart and my heart would just give up one day.Although I have been working out for almost 8 years, there is no measurable or visual output from working out.I don't look like I work out at all. This is because I am not really pushing myself. I always pick safe fitness goals because 1) it is what I can achieve while continuing to smoke 2) my heart might not give up on me. About a year back I ran a half marathon(my first one) and I trained for it for about a month and ran it in 2hrs 15 mins.Which I would think is decent for someone who started running. But I wasn't even tired after this, I could have pushed myself more. But I didn't because I don't want to have a heart attack!

Not even going to get into the amount of money that has been wasted.

My parents live in another city. When I do meet them, I don't really spend too much time with them because I just want to sneak away and get a cigarette. And I know I would smell of cigarettes, so after the smoke, I don't spend time with them.

I don't like visiting doctors even when I am sick because I know the doctor would just say "yea it's your smoking". And now I am too scared to visit one, in case the doctor confirms my suspicion that it is already too late.

Things I have tried so far to quit
1) Reducing the number of cigarettes daily. This works up to a point, but then usually goes away if I go out drinking or the day feels particularly stressful/boring. And then it gets difficult to resume from where I was.

2) E-cigarettes - It didn't really feel like cigarettes for me. Also I think I inhaled more nicotine using this than otherwise and my crave for cigarettes still continued

3) Nicotine Gum - This is what seemed to work the best for me. This works if I take my sports watch along and keep the beeper to beep every 2 hours or so reminding me to have the next gum.It was a lot of effort and if I missed even one gum, I go on autopilot and smoke a cigarette.If my current cold turkey attempt fails. I will try this again.

4) Cold Turkey - Have done this twice recently during long weekends. Both times I lasted 3 days. These 3 days I sat at home eating whatever I wanted, playing video games or watching movies all day. But come Monday, I was back to regular schedule of smoking. I understand why this didn't work because I was trying to quit under conditions which usually does not exist. My regular life is not gorging on junk food, lazing around playing video games all day. This will work only if I do cold turkey on my regular days with regular life conditions.

5) Read Alan Carr book and understood what he said. I agree with the entire book that smoking is stupid etc. This is there in my head except for the minute before I light up when my mind seems to be on autopilot.Like today, I have been listening to his book in audio book format all morning and I told myself, never again and did not smoke at all. But right after lunch, like autopilot, went and got a cigarette.

6) Tried announcing to all friends that I am quitting, tried doing it without telling anyone ...neither had much of an impact.

From what I have understood so far, a smoker can't quit till he himself really wants to quit. And I think I am reaching that stage. But I don't want it to be too late by the time I reach a stage where I fully understand why I can't do this anymore.

This is another attempt at quitting and hopefully it is the last attempt.


EDIT: Day 3 update : It hasn't been easy. But I am somehow at day 3 without cigarettes. I have not got much work done. I have been in sort of a murderous rage all day. 
Oddly today has been a bit easier than the last 2 days. I'm thinking less about cigarettes.

As per my my phone app ;

 - My pulse rate has returned to normal

 - My oxygen levels have returned to normal

 - Carbon Monoxide from smoking has been eliminated from my body

 - Nicotine has been expelled

 - My ability to taste and smell have been greatly improved

 - My bronchial tubes have begun to relax and my breathing should be easier


Things I have done to reach this stage

I am doing everything slower. I am usually someone who tries to do everything in break neck speed. Walk everywhere super fast, try to do as many things as possible in a day. Last 3 days I have intentionally been doing everything slow. I walk everywhere at about half pace. I still have a to do list, but it is prioritized and I start from the top and do howmuchever I can do in a day. That is all. Trying not to worry about unfinished items.

Sleeping till I wake up. No alarms.

Never being hungry. Not necessarily binge eating. But never even remotely hungry. I followed intermittent fasting otherwise. I think I'll give that a break till this smoking thing is taken care off.

Followed a comment below and listed down all the triggers and times I smoke and wrote down an alternative or 'escape plan' for each

After waking Up - Get into the shower right away

With Coffee - Read reddit stop smoking thread

After getting ready for work - Alan Carr audio book

After breakfast,lunch,dinner - A lollipop

Leaving for work - Alan Carr audio book still on

Leaving office - Alan Carr audio book

Reaching home - Go for my run

During phone calls(this surprisingly is my hardest time. I get my biggest cravings while on a phone call) - Had only one long call in the last 3 days, I kept drinking water throughout

Every 90-120 minutes - Was my usual 'smoke breaks', now I drink so much water, it is usually a loo break.

Granted, I have the liberty now to sleep a lot,not get much work done and still keep a job. Would be stupid if I don't use whatever advantages I have. Sorry this turned out to be a long edit on top of a long post. I have a lot of free time you know

