Smoking Cessation Clinical Practice Guidelines (part 2 of 2)

Disclaimer: Any smoking cessation program should first and foremost be discussed with a primary care provider. The contents of this paper are meant to be informative, not instructive.

#Best Practices in Smoking Cessation: Brief Interventions

The Clinical Practice Guidelines have recommended a model for how to deliver brief evidence-based drug and behavioral treatment to a smoker. Within a framework termed the 5A Model for treating tobacco use and dependence, it is recommended that each clinician helps smokers through the process of quitting by Asking about tobacco use at every visit, Advising the smoker to quit, Assessing willingness to quit, Assisting by offering evidence-based behavioral treatments and smoking cessation medication, and Arranging for follow-up. Clinicians who are trained to use this model double the likelihood of patients quitting compared to clinicians who have not been trained to use this model. 

The process of the 5A Model is shown below in [Figure 2: The 5A Model: Helping smokers through the process of quitting](http://i.imgur.com/tLT0Mjl.jpg). Ongoing follow-up of all current and former smokers is a central component of the 5A Model.  Such follow-up serves to assist ex-smokers in maintaining abstinence, allows for tailoring of treatment, and helps individuals who relapsed to again engage in immediate quit attempts. General ways to approach patients in each of these stages are presented within the model.  

Clinicians are encouraged to use motivational techniques to encourage patients who are either unwilling to quit or are ambivalent about quitting. These techniques, termed The 5Rs include demonstrating to the patient why quitting would be personally Relevant to them; helping them to identify the Risks of continuing to use and the Rewards of cessation; overcoming and identifying potential Roadblocks; and Repeating these steps each time the unmotivated patient returns for a visit. When working with smokers who are ambivalent, it may be useful for practitioners to have very specific and tailored motivational statements that they can employ. Some examples of general statements that we have found in our clinical practices that suit this purpose may include the following:

“Quitting smoking now will significantly reduce your risk of illness and may contribute years to your life.”

“Quitting smoking now will improve your sense of taste and smell.”

“A treatment program that utilizes medication and behavioral strategies will significantly increase your chances of successfully quitting, even if you have failed in the past.”

However, it is important to keep in mind that the most effective statement will be one that is individually tailored to the patient’s unique medical history and psychological make-up. When encountering any resistance, the patient should not be pushed, as any recommended treatment will likely not be adhered to. Rather, that resistance and ambivalence should be explored with the patient.

#Modalities of Smoking Cessation

There are a variety of ways in which smoking cessation counseling may be delivered. Proactive telephone counseling (e.g. clinician follow-up, quit-lines), group counseling, and individual counseling are effective and should be used in smoking cessation interventions. Although individual counseling appears to be the most effective, pro-active telephone counseling (e.g. quit-lines) can significantly improve abstinence rates compared to minimal interventions or self-help, which do not appear to be effective. Quit-line treatments in conjunction with medication can be more effective than medication alone, and given the potential for wide reach and easy access to quit-line treatments, this may have a large public health impact for smoking cessation. 

The more treatment formats (e.g., individual, group, quit-line) a patient utilizes, the greater the effectiveness in increasing abstinence rates. Minimal interventions lasting less than three minutes increase overall tobacco abstinence rates, and every tobacco user should be offered at least a minimal intervention. However, abstinence rates increase with longer sessions, and it is recommended that sessions should last at least ten minutes. Abstinence rates also increase the more often the treatment is offered: eight or more sessions doubles quit rates compared to single session smoking treatments (24.7% vs. 12.4%).

Some interventions are not effective at reducing tobacco use according to the 2008 Clinical Practice Guidelines: acupuncture and hypnosis, tapering of cigarettes, and the use of herbal medications. Although support of friends and family can improve abstinence, interventions that attempt to enlist or increase these supports are not effective. Likewise, aversive smoking techniques, such as “rapid smoking,” do not increase rates of smoking cessation. 
 
#Medications

There are a number of medications effective in treating tobacco dependence that can up to double tobacco quit rates as compared to placebo treatments. Five of these medications are Nicotine Replacement Therapies (NRTs) which reduce the withdrawal symptoms associated with abrupt smoking cessation. These NRTs include nicotine patch, gum, lozenge, inhaler, and nasal spray.  These are available over-the-counter and improve rates of abstinence by 1.5 to greater than two times depending on the type and duration of use. NRTs are considered much safer than cigarettes as they do not contain the hundreds of other chemicals known to be carcinogenic and toxic; nicotine by itself is not considered carcinogenic or toxic. 

There are currently two FDA approved first-line medications on the market that are not NRTs and are not available over-the-counter: Bupropion (Zyban) was initially prescribed as an antidepressant under the name Wellbutrin; and Varenicline (Chantix).  On their own, Bupropion increases abstinence rates by two-fold, while Varenicline is associated with three times greater abstinence rates.  Certain combinations of medications increase effectiveness. The most effective combination is long term nicotine patch with an ad lib NRT (gum, lozenge, or spray), resulting in rates of abstinence that are 3.6 times greater than placebo. Nicotine patch in combination with nicotine inhaler or Bupropion results in abstinence rates greater than twice that of placebo. 

Second-line medications for smoking cessation that have demonstrated effectiveness are Nortiptyline (an antidepressant), and Clonidine (used to treat high blood pressure). These medications are considered second-line because they have not yet been FDA approved for smoking cessation and there are concerns about potential side effects. Decisions regarding use of these medications should be made under a physician’s supervision on a case-by-case basis. Other medication interventions being studied but not yet approved include the nicotine vaccine (NicVAX), Naltrexone, Ramonibant, Selegeline, and Topirimate. 

#Special Populations

Given that nicotine dependence is a chronic and recurring disorder, smokers may require a range of medication options to succeed in smoking cessation.  Furthermore, specific groups of smokers may respond better to certain smoking cessation medications compared to others. The Clinical Practice Guidelines offer guidance on selecting appropriate evidence-based medications for specific smokers needs.  

Interventions identified as effective in the Clinical Practice Guidelines are recommended for all individuals who use tobacco, except when medication is contraindicated or has not been shown to be effective. Groups in which medications are contraindicated for reasons related to safety or effectiveness include pregnant women, smokeless tobacco users, light smokers, and adolescents. There are a number of other special populations which may have less access overall to healthcare, and where tobacco interventions may need to be tailored because of differences in language, culture, or presence of other diseases. These may include smokers who are HIV-positive, hospitalized, lesbian/gay/bisexual/transgender, of low socioeconomic status and/or with limited formal education, older smokers, smokers with medical or psychiatric diagnoses, racial and ethnic minorities, and women.

	For many of these patients, treatment is not easily accessible due to lack of private insurance, transportation issues, or because of language-barriers. Working with these patients often takes thinking of creative solutions such as providing multilingual smoking cessation pamphlets. The National Cancer Institute has a [Spanish guide](http://dccps.cancer.gov/tcrb/No_FumarC.pdf.) Minority populations may also differ in their awareness of health effects of smoking, so a greater amount of time may be needed to spend on education of the negative health consequences. In addition, the health consequences may actually present differently in minority populations. For example, black men and women have higher incidence of lung cancer and higher mortality rates associated with heart disease than white men and women. Regardless, smoking cessation treatments developed for the general population appear to be equally as effective in minority populations and may therefore not otherwise differ dramatically.

#Additional Resources

The National Quitline is a free smoking cessation resource available 24 hours a day, 7 days per week, that offers telephone counseling, quitting information, and support. It has in the past offered NRTs free of charge to callers, although this option is not advertised and it is not reliably available. The number to the Quit-line is 1-800-QUIT-NOW. When patients call, they can expect to speak to a professionally trained “quit-coach” who will walk them through their options and provide them with support and materials to help them quit. Their website is [SmokeFree.gov](http://smokefree.gov/)

The United Way’s 211 telephone hotline [211.org]( http://www.211.org/) is another resource that can provide patients with information about smoking support groups and other services that may be available for them. Another resource option for some patients are research studies. Although not everyone is eligible for these, those that are often receive behavioral counseling, medication, or both. Recruitment information for these studies can be found by either contacting the facilities or going to [clinicaltrials.gov.](https://clinicaltrials.gov/)