2 days 21 hours 35 minutes - Buckle up, it's story time.

So here's my situation.  I developed a smoking fetish early in my pubescent years.  Growing up, pretty much everyone in my family smoked.  My parents, older brother, aunts, uncles, cousins.  Being around it all the time repulsed me into vowing to never take up the habit.

As I started coming of age, I started to get those sexual urges.  I always used art and drawing as an emotional outlet since I was young.  This was a time when home internet was in its infancy so I had to express my desires some other way, which turned into drawing naked women.  After a while, I became bored with looking at the same pictures over and over again so I added something new one time - a cigarette in one of their hands.  The rest is history.

My girlfriend knows of my fetish, she's one of only 3 people I've told about it in my entire life.  Cigarettes were always embarrassing to me.  I was embarrassed my parents smoked.  I was embarrassed whenever the D.A.R.E. program talked about smoking.  I got embarrassed when I saw someone smoking on television when I was in front of other people.  I couldn't even say the word "cigarette" for years.  I still have trouble with it.  (Side-note, I have a strong hunch that I have been living with some form undiagnosed autism my whole life)

But anyway, my girlfriend knows of my fetish, she has indulged me in my fantasies a handful of times.  She just doesn't have the desire to do it.  She'll smoke for a couple months, quit for a couple more, have the occasional one, and she's perfectly fine.  I don't know how she does it.  She's been smoking since she was 14, nearly 12 years.

I however, started out of sexual curiosity when I was living by myself.  It started off simple, I'd have one here and there.  This was around 2012~2013.  Being in my 20's and having the enjoyment of doing something that I knew was bad for me was exciting.  It still is.

I smoked off and on since then.  I've had a few relationships along the way, all non-smokers.  I'd stop while we were dating, or sneak a few cigarettes here and there when we weren't spending time together.  Never told anyone until my current girlfriend.  We both kind of started at the same time.  It started while we were out with all our friends who smoked like chimneys and we'd bum a few.  Pretty soon I was buying packs regularly.

I guess what it comes down to is, I really want to smoke, but I don't want to be a smoker.  I read Allen Carr's book last winter and while it gave me motivation, it didn't stick.  I made it 2 days before buying another pack.  Now I haven't had a cigarette since Monday.

No one that I work with knows I smoke (I'm sure they have an idea because you can never really hide the smell).  But I don't smoke when I'm at work.  I could go a full 8 hour day without a cigarette most of the time and be fine as long as I keep busy.

I'm doing better this time around than I did last year when I tried to quit.  I'm in a better mindset, well I was when I started at least.  Now it's getting to me.  I no longer have the gut wrenching nicotine withdraw but I still **really** want to smoke.  I am fully aware of all the health risks and damage it's doing to my body.  I see my father, at 73, cough up a lung, then catch his breath just to light a cigarette.  I've seen family of friends undergo life saving surgery just to get out of the hospital and start smoking again.  I don't want to be these people.  I don't want to stink all the time, even though the smell turns me on.  I can drive down the street and be fine until I see an attractive woman smoking, then its back to square one.  I'm just having trouble trying to wrap my mind around all of these feelings, pros, cons, desires.

My girlfriend hates when I step outside for a smoke.  I tell myself to let go and not care.  Sometimes I really don't care that I'm hurting myself, that I'm hurting her.  By hiding it from other people, I don't have to worry about letting them down either.  I've done what everyone has told me my entire life and never lived outside the box.  How do you deal with teenage rebellion when it crops up on you when you're 30 years old???

I've tried vaping, it takes the edge off but really, it just makes me want a cigarette more.  So I'm trying to stay away from it this time, just going for a full nicotine purge.  I've taken maybe 5 pulls off it between yesterday and today.

So here's my questions to those of you out there...

* Does anyone else have a smoking fetish who is trying to quit?  I feel like it adds another layer of complexity to the whole ordeal.
* Do women have an easier time quitting than men?
* Is anyone really able to 'turn off' your cravings and have the occasional cigarette?
* How can I turn off my urge to smoke when it's linked so intimately with my sexual desires?

Sorry for the rambling post, I just have a lot on my mind.  I started out very strong, didn't tell my girlfriend, just didn't buy another pack.  It wasn't only until last night that she realized I hadn't smoked in a few days.  That was a good feeling.  She was happy.  But I'm very close to buying a pack on my way home tonight.

TL;DR - I'm a mess.