Ruining my life and health at this point.

Heyo Reddit. Awkward for me to talk about this since I feel like a joke among other addicts ( used to be a hardcore cokehead, but, fortunately got clean ) but I have to talk about this. 

I am so addicted to cigarettes that it is ruining my life. I can't stop. I've quit before, quit for an entire year, but as usual when among my social group we go to bars/clubs and I ended up picking it up again. Its inevitable when you've had a few drinks and your judgment is shit; all I want when I drink is a cigarette. 

I feel trapped by this bullshit every day. I'm at the point where I'm  smoking more than a pack a day, sometimes two a day. I go outside for a cigarette every thirty minutes, on bad/bored days I go out every ten minutes. I feel like I'm trapped in an obsessive compulsive cycle where I don't feel normal if I don't go 'sit to have a break and smoke' while lazily, mindlessly scrolling Facebook on my phone. Its like a routine that's been ground into my head. 

Lung cancer runs in my family hard core. My mother is a respiratory therapist and deals with people dying from end stage lung cancer/COPD daily. It breaks my heart when she yells at me saying that I shouldn't smoke, that it will kill me, that it killed members in my family. I can't stop. My addiction is ten times worse now than when I stopped smoking previously; I have never felt this out of control where I have to get up for a cigarette almost every ten minutes. 

I have an e cigarette - heavy nicotine content, it does nothing for me. Vapor is not the same feeling/relaxation that smoke itself provides for me. I could argue that I'm actually addicted to the smoke, not the nicotine itself, because if it was the nicotine I wouldn't be desiring a cigarette if I'm getting the accurate dose from the vape. 

I just feel helpless, more so weak. I kicked a severe 8 ball a day cocaine addiction, how is it possible that I could beat that with no help, secretly no less, but cigarettes are ruling me? Nicotine gum does not work, patches make me sick/throw up, vapes are useless and I've had nicotine content as high as 15 mg so far. 

I've stopped hanging out with all of my friends - being with them triggers me to want to smoke since they smoke, going out with them makes me want to smoke, everything about it makes me want to smoke. So on top of having no social life, I'm still heavily addicted, and the worst part? I tell myself every day I need to quit, that I'm going to die if I don't, my cough is deep and heavy and sounds awful, my wallet is hurting from a cigarette habit that's so expensive it pays my month's rent. 

I truly feel at a loss. Does anyone have any advice ? Has anyone ever been this far down the shitter? I don't want my parents to have to bury me. This is my worst nightmare. I don't care about dying - I care about dying before they do.  