Day 4 of SFS (smoke free September)! quiting both trees and smokes! Cold turkey.

**I know its the 6th day of sept! hahaha I stopped after Labour Day.

I've smoked for about 13 years (I'm 26 now). up over half a pack a day now.

I also smoke a decent amount of weed also (at least 5 days a week). 


I'm not too interested in getting rid of smoking pot entirely; I'll probably dab at it after this month is over. Just at a drastically reduced rate (stay down at once or twice a month on "special occasions"). I just can't quit one and not the other at first .... tried to quit smoking while still blazing and it just didn't work (MAY *just maybe* have to do with the fact that most of the joints we roll are mixed with tobacco). LOL

BUT! the smoking part!!! .... quiting fucking sucks ....  

God damn this is tough. I know going out for some drinks this weekend is going to be tough; or even worse a bbq at a buddies place with some kegs ... alll outside ... all smoker friends. ugh.

where i "feel" it the most is in my collar bones strangely .... I'm constantly tensing my arms/chest/clenched jaw ... and it all seems to build in my shoulders and my collar bones are just screaming today. 

I hadn't drank any booze since the weekend till last night (my brother and some friends came over to play some board games) and I made it through having a couple drinks without smoking, I was really worried. so yay!! (:

I generally a very positive person so I haven't been too agitated by not smoking ... but the biggest thing for me right now is SLEEPING ... I am very much so in the habit of smoking a J in the evening to relax about an hour before crashing; and it has taken a LONG time to wind down and relax my body the past couple days .... my girlfriend (also trying to quit) has told me about some of the craziest shit I've been talking about in my sleep! hahahahaha.

Any advice on sleeping easier?

And in the words of Ricky Bobby - "I just don't really know what to do with my hands!!"

Good luck to those of you going through the same shit.