Having a hard time quitting, 20YO Law School student.

Hello everyone, 

I started smoking around 4 years ago, when I was preparing to get into law school. 

I haven't ever been "addicted" to smoking, till late. It was a social activity for me, and I didn't have trouble not smoking for months during vacations and internship breaks, but once I get back to uni, it is as difficult as it is. 

Around March 30th, 2018, I saw a friend's 1 year quitting anniversary and he narrated to me about how good it felt. I got motivated and decided to stop cold turkey. Around 1 week later, during research paper submissions, all of my fellow students were stressing and smoking, and I gave in after a 24 hour+ craving. I've tried stopping a couple of times after it, but it is the time of the semester when stress is only increasing, as we're one week away from finals and everyone around me is smoking for "stress release". 

I want to quit right away. I know most health effects or smoking and benefits of quitting smoking. To add to it, I have PCOS too, but I somehow have a way of convincing myself thinking, "You've smoked so many. This ONE won't kill or cause fatal damage" (though I know it isn't true!). This might be relatable to a few here. 

Could you guys please help me to stop and never look back? I'm not addicted to nicotine so much as I'm addicted to the "feeling" of smoking. Idk if this makes sense, but I don't have withdrawals from not smoking. The reason I smoke another cigarette is because of my psyche, that I feel like I'm less stressed when I smoke a cigarette alone enjoying the weather or observing things. It's kinda difficult to explain. 

P.S.: I smoke 5 a day on a very active day, but on an average it is only about 2 cigarettes during the second half of the when I start getting tired and think that a cigarette would give me a good break and stress release.


**tl;dr:** I'm a law school student addicted to the "feeling" of smoking a cigarette, and have almost 90% of people around me smoke as stress relief.