30 minutes of pure fear - that's it, I'm done!

Ok, I will stop smoking. Fuck all the excuses, quitting might be hard, but the outcome will be worth it.

All my friends in university smoked and one after the other stopped, one is absolutely fine with it, no cravings at all and he smoked for a long time, the other still craves for cigarettes, after 4 months of quitting (but he smokes joints with tobacco, so I guess that's not the way to go...).
Why now? My girlfriend is in vacation, she doesn't mind my smoking although I pretty much smoked not a single cigarette when she's around. When she's not around I smoke like a maniac. I guess it will be a nice surprise for her, when she comes back in 2 weeks.

But the real reason: I went to a physician because of fever, chills, coughing, headache and everything related to a viral infection. He listened to my lung and asked me if I am a smoker. I said yes and he immediately said we should make an X-Ray of your lungs Guys, I was a train wreck for the next 30 minutes. I waited for the X-Ray and just thought "alright that's it, the day has come where a doctor will tell me that I have something in my lungs which might be cancer". They made the X-Ray, I went back, the doctor looked at the pictures and told me that everything seems to be fine, but he will have a radiologist look at the pictures. So if I don't hear anything in the next 2 weeks, everything's fine, otherwise I might have a problem.

At first I was euphoric, because my lung seems to be in good shape, but then I asked myself "do I really want to relive that fear again, which I had sitting there, waiting for the results?" Absolutely not. Fuck these cigarettes, they are expensive, smell horrible, make everything complicated (e.g. long flights) and I'm killing myself slowly. 

I have 1 left in the pack, I will smoke it today before going to bed and "enjoy" the horrible smell, the feeling of crap entering my lung and then that's it, I'm done. Other people managed to quit and live a better life now, why shouldn't I be able to do it?

Wish me luck. I hate myself for starting that shit in the beginning, but I guess it's not too late to get rid of it now.