I'm done. I'm not going back.

Im not very organized when it comes to longs posts so bare with me here:

Hi long time lurker, first time poster, at least of this subreddit. Smoker of only a year, almost a pack a day to  every 2 days.


I've been saying that I've quit for 3 weeks now after I picked up Alan Carr's EasyWay book. After reading the introduction I already felt better and didn't want a cigarette.


But honestly I've just been lying to myself.. sort of. I've managed to hold up good so far, didn't buy a pack for 3 weeks until today which I only smoked one and promptly crushed and destroyed the rest of them. The only time I've smoked other than today though has been at work.


Oh the work cigarette. That cigarette you smoke after a long hard grueling day of dealing with rude customers, cleaning tables, and dealing with bullshit (I'm a restaurant host.). Its glorious. I bummed them off people or took a cigarette when people offered them to me.


Why am I doing this other that for my health? Because in 2 weeks I am going to be a single father. I don't want to be a smoking father. I don't know how kids can live with those. I imagine its the worst.
I've met a wonderful girl though who has helped me in my endeavors to quit. Every time I want a cigarette she'll text me a joke or a funny pick up line, but I've lied to her too. Hell, I've smoked cigarettes while texting her saying I want a cigarette to which she sent me a joke. Made me feel like shit every time.


Today she found out I'd still been smoking when I bought and crushed the pack I had today. And was really disappointed in me and I became disappointed in myself. I have this amazing girl who has supported me through this whole way but I've been lying to her so all her support was for nothing. Well today r/stopsmoking, I keep my promise. I WILL quit.


I look at people in their 60s and 70s still smoking and I think to myself “my God how do you still do that?” I don't want to be like that forever. I'm going to stop while I still can and I'll take all the support I can. 


Now get me my badge and lets do this :)