Why I quit smoking. And why did you?

Hi there, I just wanted to share my reasons for quitting because so far I’m faring very well and thought maybe my story could be helpful to others. I quit smoking 1 1/4 years ago so I would never present my thoughts as “the way” to go, but I have no urge to start again and this time (I have quit before) is the first time it feels like that.

Also I’d be curious what reasons brought you to finally kick the habit. Please post them in the comments if you like.

For me health reasons played a very minor role in quitting, I mean obviously I knew it’s not healthy, actually I know the consequences quite well, but emotionally I was always quite able to suppress these thoughts, guess you all know the feeling.

What actually got me to quit was mainly one thought: I don’t want to let my neurological reward system* force me to do things I don’t want to do, not any more.

I don’t want to go out at 2am to get cigarettes. I don’t want to gather the ugly remains from stubs when I don’t have money for a pack. I don’t want to smoke a cigarette every half hour because otherwise I get nervous and irritable. To be honest, I don’t even want to smoke a cigarette, it doesn’t even taste especially good and it steals my time.

The other reason was reading up on the benefits it would bring me: More energy, easier breathing, lower blood pressure (and us such lower nervousness and anxiety in the long run), smelling and tasting more intensely (I love cooking), no yellow teeth and periodontitis anymore, better sex-life...
In short: Better quality of life. I like better quality of life.

And yes, quitting was hard in the beginning and my body adjusting to the change does present some challenges (weight gain :-( ).

But there were also some unexpected positive side effects: I started doing Yoga and other sports. I wanted to do that for years but only after quitting smoking did I manage to gather the motivation to start (guess I was really bored, lots of additional time when you don’t smoke anymore). I started going out more because now I had the stamina to enjoy it. I have been eating healthily before but the weight gain pushed me to be even more aware of my diet.

I can’t speak for future me, maybe I’ll relapse some day, but right-now-me just isn’t a smoker anymore and has no desire to start again.

And now I’d love to hear your stories :-)

*nucleus accumbens in case I didn’t get the term right, English isn’t my first language