How I Quit

Hey sup guys, hope all is good. Promise to try and keep this as short as I can.



I’m sure all of us are here for the same reason. 

Whether you’ve been trying to quit and failed, heard of stories of people succeeding in quitting, or just feel like it’s time to stop. Well I want to say CONGRATS! Just think of this as a mountain climb. You’re not sure if you can reach the top, might give up mid way, but you wanna try and see how high you can go, and this your first step.


I smoked for 5 years, since 17. Now I’m 23. Smoke free. Average about 10/day. Some might feel it’s an okay amount, some think that it’s very too much, bla bla bla. Let me tell you, it doesn’t matter. You can smoke a pack a day, a pack a week. In my opinion, it’s the same degree of difficulty in quitting.

It’s all about perspective. When you see your friend smoke, you go ‘ah, wish i could have one again’. Or you can go ‘wow, glad I’m done with this shit’.

This is my 18th day smoke free. I’ve tried to quit a few times before this. The longest I went without smoking before this was around like 3 days max. Now I on the 18th day, and no thoughts of smoking.

I just want to say, there is no one method to stop smoking. Everyone has their own story, their own way, their own reason. For me, these are the few main ones.

1. The cigarette started tasting like shit, idk why lol.

2. My parents still supported me, gave me allowances for food etc, but I wasted their money and inhaled poison. Not cool. Felt like shit.

3. I reflected and realised that the thought of smoking took up a lot of space in my mind. That’s fucking true man, as smokers y’all know. I was like, a lot of other meaningful things could’ve filled that space.


There are many more. These are at the top of my head.


So basically how I stopped smoking, was by reading a book. My brother, who smoked a lot than me, managed to quit. I felt inspired. Because I thought he could, maybe I can too. And he said he read a book. And I tried. And the rest is history. The book is called ‘Allen Carr's Easy Way to Stop Smoking’. You can find it here. 

https://www.bookdepository.com/Allen-Carrs-Easy-Way-Stop-Smoking-Allen-Carr/9780615482156

I’m pretty sure you can google and download the ebook as well. But hey, if you can spend money on cigarettes, you can fucking spend on a book that will change your life too. 

Just do it. Go get the book, and finish it. Smoke while you read it as well :) *you’ll know what i mean when you start reading the book*

Oh, just want to say, i can’t remember feeling this good ever since I smoked my last stick. Mind is so much clearer. Better sleep(understatement). More productive. Focus is on another level now. That fresh air you breathe in, wow. And I am so much better at managing stress now. Yea, we all thought that cigarette is what helped us cope with stress.
Just wait till you get off that thing, you’ll cope with life’s up and downs way better.

Brothers and Sisters, I end off here for now. Hope this helped you one way or another. *seriously just go get the book* 

Let’s continue to inspire each other! Nothing but love. Peace :)



