With a little help from my rectangular friends

Hi everyone! 

Got made aware of this site through the 'Smoke Free' phone app (which I would recommend - I've had a look at a few apps and this one tracks your progress well, monies saved, estimates health gains made, and gives you little 'missions' to complete - one of which was to come to reddit and read ten of the posts on this forum and get inspiration.  Definitely a good idea, some of your stories really have resonated - particularly like the one from the dude with 800 odd days (sorry I didn't write down your name) who went away with his son and shared some 'experiences' i.e not getting frustrated with plane being delayed, staying in a non-smoking hotel and being cool with that etc.. :).

I'm sure some of you have trod a similar path to here via the smokefree app

So... I'm one week in today! Woo hoo! :) Feels great.  It is nice to share it with some people going through similar.  Requested my badge (good idea that system, another nice little motivator to keep me going)

I've been smoking for about 20 years, since going to university really.  Tried several times in the past, and ultimately failed.  This time I'm feeling confident though - times have changed and motivations too.  The main one for me I think, is my second son was born almost a month ago.  My first is 21 months and I love him to bits, and I started hating slipping out the front/back door when he wasn't looking to go sneak in a cigarette, and then hearing 'dada! dada? dada!' continuously until I got back in.  

That and some other motivating factors: (I signed up to do my first half marathon with my brother in law is another - and he seems to be training better than me judging by times) - and I don't want to be the one suffering on the run!).

I've been interested to read posts on weed smoking too.  Something I'm keen on too - agreeing with those who are saying don't go down the tobacco with it route - bong/pipe seems the way forward.  Though someone mentioned 'tea' replacing tobacco, which could be worth a go!  

I've gone with patches this time, having tried them in the past and got quite far with them, I like the way the work for me:  no cravings for a while.  Doc says I need go on this 10mg for 8 weeks, and then go down to the 5mg for a couple weeks, then be nicotine free.  That will be the testing time I guess, but that's a long way off yet, so little things like that app and signing up to this will keep me going day by day.  Looking forward to reading some more of your stories and sharing how me and my new rectangle buddies are getting along.

Anyway, long post - sorry - best do some work now.  good luck everyone!