Long time lurker, but today I want to share my story

Growing up I had no influencers to ever smoke. My great grandfather smoked cigars occasionally, but that was about it. I ran in high school and college making it to a few National meets and only smoked a cigar or two when my team celebrated our conference wins. To me cigarettes and nicotine were never really on my radar.

Then I graduated college and began working at an adventure camp. We were a very tight knit community as we all lived together. My boss was the first one to really start me smoking. At first I hated every aspect of it. However, as I got more and more used to it, it became a way to unwind after a long day.

Soon I left the camp and moved back in with my parents to begin work in another field. My parents would never tolerate smoking so I knew I had to quit. That's when I learned about ecigs. An easy way to continue to get nicotine without smelling like smoke or feel like you're about to hack up a lung.

I had about a 2 hour commute each day. On that commute I would suck down ecig after ecig. I would get home and every time I had the itch I'd go to the bathroom or my room and vape. A few years of this and I decided to move in with my then girlfriend. I decided I wanted to quit, but I didn't.

I don't know why I didn't, but I felt like I needed to continue this to feel whole (moronic now I know). We continued to live together and we decided to get married. I was so happy when we first got engaged, but when we got back to the hotel all I could think about was that next vape.

The month before we got married I decided to give it a real try, I thought this one will stick. I no longer wanted to keep this secret from my fiance or family. So I did it, I quit for a whole month. I was so proud of myself. I knew it would be challenging but I stuck it out. The wedding was amazing and I enjoyed every moment of it without a vape, When we got back from the honeymoon one stressful day lead me back to the ecig. 

I was dejected, frustrated, upset, but thought I could just quit again real quick and everything will be fine. This is where that mantra "NOT ANOTHER PUFF NO MATTER WHAT" is so important. It is so easy to get sucked back in.

All of this was 2 years ago. This year I have decided to try again. Everything I have been reading on here has been so helpful. I know my situation is a little different with ecigs, but maybe I could help someone in a similar situation. 

12 days down, the rest of my life to go.