Two weeks in.

Hi, 

I've lurked about on Reddit for a long time but made an account a day or so ago because I am interested in participating in a fitness sub. *A fitness sub*.

Why the emphasis? Fitness has never been a priority for me. I've been smoking for ten years, smoking pretty heavily if I'm honest. I'm 30 next year, and 30 has always been my quit date. I've wanted to quit over the past year many times, but I enjoyed smoking too much. Over the last month however it became increasingly unpleasant; I felt like shit, and wasn't enjoying it. I was planning on seeing a hypnotherapist, because as much as I wanted to quit, smoking was the best, most pleasurable experience I knew. I'm single, no social life, I work hard - all I had was cigarettes. One night I just felt utterly horrible and sick of smoking, and I went outside and emptied a full pouch of tobacco out on the lawn.

I woke up the next morning and went for a jog. I didn't get far, but I felt good, felt my muscles strain and ache. I went down town and bought a stack of fruit and vegetables and a blender. I spent the whole week eating nothing but blended up fruits and vegetables and jogging in the mornings, getting further each time, feeling better. I read that pineapple is supposed to be good for lung function. I dusted off the weight bench in the shed and got into that too, lifting every second day.

After a week, feeling great, I was at work, and out of habit bought a new pouch and lit up on my tea break. It wasn't great - I thought it would be great, but it was shitty and disappointing. I got home that evening, sat online and chain smoked five of them. I instantly felt shit, toxic and gross, like I had a week before, in total contrast to the way I felt during my week of healthy living. I threw the rest of the pouch in the fire and went to bed.

The next day I felt good again - well, better. I started this week with a renewed focus on fitness, eating well, eating lots - I've always been pretty slight, with little appetite - unhealthily so. At the moment I am eating a ridiculous amount of good food in an effort to bulk up - I've put on 4 kgs in a little over a week and I feel solid, I can't wait to turn it all into muscle. Learning about protein, nutrition, pushing my body, filling it with good things - it feels so good. I'm friends with my body again, and were getting along famously.

The body and mind connection is also kind of spiritual - I feel so chilled out. Peaceful - I smoked to relax before, but it never relaxed me, it made things worse. Now my heart is beating normally, I'm not aware of every beat, I don't feel my heart straining, or my lungs rasping. My body is working normally, healthily, and I am so chilled out and happy - content, full of energy, but not constantly alert and wired.

So many benefits - I wish I'd quit years ago. I really recommend, if you are thinking about quitting, try going a week without a smoke - see how it feels. You don't have to lock in a quit date, but take a break, for a week, then evaluate things. In that week, get some exercise in, some healthy eating - do a detox. I think that the detox was really important as it established a baseline of healthy feeling for me, which felt so good that returning to smoking was not an option. 

Two weeks in and I haven't felt like a smoke, or even thought of a smoke, for entire days. It feels really great and that's what I wanted to share, though I hate to sound prosaic;  I get how enjoyable smoking is, but try a week without it. Health is so much more enjoyable, and it is a constant, not something you get a quick buzz out of on a tea break or in between classes, the feeling of good health and fitness is with you 24/7.

I know that had I not detoxed, exercised and then begun to eat and lift, I wouldn't have been successful (or at least successful to date - I'm confident I won't return to smoking, but at two weeks in I know I have a ways to go before I can consider myself an ex smoker). When I smoked, I let so many other important aspects of my life slide - mostly health, though I also now see that my smoking was linked to anxiety issues, body issues, social issues, depression - a whole mess of things which plagued me and kept me down for so long. Now it's all coming together.

I don't mean to preach, but I really wanted to share this.

Good luck and strength to all new quitters!




*TLDR; Quit smoking, ate a heap of plants, ran around now getting fat, lifting weights & loving life - I know we're all different, but I highly recommend it if your thinking about quitting.*
