I was the most hopelessly addicted smoker I've known. Been completely nicotine free for almost a year now. This is the insane way I did it.

I'm 32, started smoking when I was 11 and smoked every single day without missing a single day for a complete and uninterrupted 20 years.

Smoking was as important to me as air, food, water, sex, sleep, shelter and self-defense for survival.

I tried everything under the sun to stop and I never made it over that 24 mark ever. From patches, gums, pills, hypnosis, e-cigs, snuff, chewing tobacco nothing could stop me from smoking.

I was hopeless, a lifer (and actually still am) and even though I stopped smoking it really wasn't a choice, because I removed choice from the equation.

What worked for me was as follows.

Firstly, I really truly did want to stop smoking more than anything else in my life. It became such a desire and I believe that overwhelming obsession with stopping was a necessary component.

Secondly, I got sick. I got sick with severe bronchitis and when I got sick I purposely made myself exponentially more sick to induce a severe survival response in an effort to override the survival mechanism my addiction would trigger every time I even thought about stopping. I work in a woodshop and I exposed myself to huge amounts of airborne particulates and dust in an attempt to amplify my sickness and possibly induce pneumonia or worse.

The end result was by making myself so sick, I felt as if I had went through a house fire. My lungs were completely burnt and I put myself in a literal position when I had make the choice to either breathe or smoke. One more cigarette and I would have landed myself in a hospital and it was finally at this point that stopping smoking was no longer a choice. Even more baser instincts kicked in an overrode my hijacked instincts to smoke. My brain was put in a position where it had to identify any source of smoke/unclean air as an immediate life and death threat. 

Barely being able to breathe, so weak, dizzy, running a dangerous fever, I was bedridden for four days, so sick that the gut wrenching, cold sweaty, all consuming cravings were completely muted by an even more baser need for oxygen and recovery.

When you're an extremely addicted person, sometimes extreme measures need to be taken to get results.

After that, after I bypassed the insurmountable withdrawal pangs I always suffered, maintaining a smoke free life has been surprisingly easy. I know that I'm so addicted that I do not possess the ability to stop on my own without resorting to things like this. I know I'll never be able to stop again if I ever start up again, and the overwhelming desire I had initially to stop smoking, combined with knowing what I would have to put myself through again keep me away.

I believe I'm not alone. I believe the reason that many smoking and other addiction treatments fail is because the addiction is too important to the subjects brain. You have to either replace the chemical or put the brain in a situation where survival is more important than the addiction.

If you've tried everything and failed, you can take a risk and attack the issue on an instinctual, fight or flight level. It will involve doing something incredibly risky and dumb, but it might just work.