My Husband is in the Hospital and Hasn't Smoked in 10 days.

My husband had a motorcycle accident, hes been in the hospital for almost two weeks.  Its been really stressful on me.  Since ive been quit I noticed that is really the only true trigger I have.  Others just pale in comparison to the stress one, that anxiety, the lump in your throat, that tightness in my chest, I want nothing more than to smoke a cigarette in those moments.  

I almost fell apart when I was leaving the hospital and actually saw a partial pack of smokes under my driver seat.  I was in disbelief, I was so sure all evidence of me ever smoking was destroyed.  So that was majorly tempting.  I was super stressed, no one was around, a cigarette was within reach.  But I didn't, I held the pack in my hand, looked inside and just thought, "I have already done so good.  I can't go back.  Im not a smoker.". I was pretty proud of myself.  

But being a month quit, and having this added stress.  Ive had a lot of weak moments where it might have just taken a little push from a bad influence and I may have fallen off the wagon.  Here I am though, still going strong.  Still only having you guys to talk about it with because I dont like bringing it up with people in my life.  

If I admit a craving I get a ton of unsolicited advice and unknowingly give them a license to bring up smoking whenever they see me.  I think about it enough on my own without other people (my life distractions) also bringing it up to me when im happily not thinking about it.    

The real reason for this post though....My husband has been a pack a day smoker for almost 30 years.  He didn't want to quit when I quit and I really dont push him about it,  I know people have to be ready on their own.  I just keep thinking about my magical circumstance that I really believe was a major part of my success.  The mac daddy of all chest colds, the coughing fit I was in the middle of while smoking the last cigarette I owned, being on Chantix approx 14 days...it all added up together and gave me that shove I needed to really say with my whole heart "FUCK SMOKING, THIS IS SO DUMB".

I feel like my husband is in that storm now, and the realization of it has not come to him like it did to me.  He has been in the hospital for 10 days with only a nicotine patch.  I've had this conversation with him sort of.  

I basically said, "I know you didn't intend on quitting, but you have this amazing advantage right now, this head start that people dont often get.  You have not had a cigarette in so many days, I know its different when its against your will, you didn't get a choice in the matter.  But how great would it be if while here you decided to be quit by choice?  What if when you get out, you choose not to smoke?".  

He seems almost receptive to the idea.  Like, in the way past when id even suggest quitting he was always like, "I love smoking, ill never quit.", "you gotta die some how.".  This time though, when I said what I said, he was kinda quiet, didn't really respond, like he was thinking it over.  I didn't wanna nag so I was just happy to not be told to fuck off about it.  

I offered to put Allen Carr on Audio while he was in the hospital, he declined, that made me a little sad.

Anyway, the time is nearing where he will be released and come back home, still mostly immobile.  He basically can only go to the toilet and has to use a walker, a hospital bed will be set up in my family room on the main level of the house.  I cannot imagine him going outside to smoke a cigarette.  He knows he can't smoke in the house.  

I just want to make the most of my influence at this time.  I dont want to push to hard and turn him off the idea, but I also dont want to be to quiet and let it slip away if he was impressionable now.  

Help?  It would be truly amazing if he quit too and we could be non smokers together.