My Story, taking a big step in the right direction...really nervous.

I was 15 when I started smoking, by the time I was 17 I was up to a pack a day.  When I was pregnant at 20 I tried to quit, my doctor recommended cutting back but not quitting.  So I was one of those pregnant smokers people want to lynch.  I managed to cut back to like 10 a day.  My son turned out fine, thank God.  I remember breastfeeding him wondering when I could get out of the hospital to have a smoke.  I was so ashamed of myself.  The strong woman within me was berating myself about being so pathetic and controlled by nicotine.  

When I was 25 I discovered Vaping.  I wanted to try it thinking it was better than actual cigarettes and was something I could do in front of my kid without shame.  I didn't want my son to see me smoke.  

It worked, I bought a quality refillable vape and I easily transitioned to it being my only source of nicotine.  I was cigarette free for more than a year.  My extended family still wasn't happy with that and they continued to push me to do away with nicotine completely.  

Well, I cut back on vaping and put it away for what I wanted to be forever.  Then I relapsed.  I am not so sure of why, a cigarette was available and I had that, "just one" mentality.  Then in the blink of an eye I was puffing down a pack a day again.  

That was the worst, people seeing me smoke after so long without a cigarette, "Oh no you started smoking again!?  Why!?"...

So now im 30 and I wanna quit for good, without vaping, without patches without crutches of any kind.  I did some research and was told to make Allen Carr's book my new religion.  

Before I dive into his book, I already know a weakness of mine...my husband.  He smokes, and he refuses to even attempt to quit.  He has zero interest in quitting.  It breaks my heart.  Im worried for his health, and im worried about his negative influence on me.  

I recall him being a large reason I picked it back up.  He made it so readily available and he refused to censor me from it.  He would smoke around me and in front of me and I  was always inundated with the smell.  It never turned me off like it does some people.  It made me want it.  

I wish there was some way for him to get on board with me or at least be supportive.  

My number one reason for wanting to quit is that I want to live.  Im important to my son and the thought of leaving him too soon for something I could have prevented absolutely breaks my heart.  Especially with the realization I will most likely outlive my husband.  

I must admit im nervous about beginning Allen Carr's book...part of me is absolutely petrified at the thought of not smoking.  Part of me is wondering, "omg what if it works!?  What if I dont ever smoke again!?"...   I absolutely get panicky anxiety over the thought of not smoking.  Yet its something I really want to quit.  I dont want to be a smoker.   I understand some of my husbands position because I feel the same way.  

I love the feeling of inhaling and my lungs expanding full of smoke and I love that throat burn.  I love the feeling...I love everything about smoking except the part about a slow horrible death.  My fear of dying outweighs my love affair with nicotine.  

Anything I should know to mentally prepare before diving into Allen Carr's book?  Or should I just start and not look back?  