Never felt happier

I'm 19 days in now. I started smoking at 18 my first week of university, I am 24 now and I smoked a pack a day pretty much since the very beginning. I quit for around 6 months once though but I think that helped me learn there is no such thing as just one. I read Allan Carrs book after already being clean for seven days and it really did help me no longer view it as if I was missing out etc so thank you people for always banging on about it! ;) 

I have been hitting the gym and running on weekends for the past month and I think that helped massively when I attempted to quit also. I can clearly see now how depressed I was with my life and the role nicotine played in that. And now I just feel infinitely better. I still have weight to lose but I joined the gym to get my fitness up first and weight loss second. I went on a week long snowboarding holiday and was destroyed after the first day and I am going again next year so that is the first motivation. The other is I love running or I used to before smoking. Well on Saturday I managed to run two miles before stopping about 19 minutes, as part of my run around this three mile lake I go to. My goal is to go an entire lap before having to stop, when I started I could barely do 7 minutes. I know not smoking has helped with that.

Anyway I feel so much better I can deal with stress and what life throws at me. I just finalised the ending of a relationship that was in a limbo state for months really and I am not even tempted to smoke and I am handling it very well, before I would be moping and chain smoking like a pro. I can smell things! Also the smell of people that have just returned from smoking. Wow I didn't realise it was THAT obvious. 

I just wanted to show off a bit here to be honest I am just so very proud of myself. I read this sub each night before bed and it helps remind me why I quit and reading your stories helps so much. My biggest fear is being clean for years and then relapsing which is why I keep reading so I don't forget. This is also a bit of a letter to myself.

Anyway again, sorry for going on a rant, you can do it, get past that initial stage of the first few days. I said to my cravings fine I will smoke but only if I feel the same way after being free for a month. Just one month, I always ended up changing my mind!