The Mythology of Quitting

Whenever I was a kid (nice cliché to start) the most common thing I heard about smoking was that it was really bad for you. That didn't stick, sadly.

The second most common thing I heard was that quitting was *hard*.

This did stick. This stuck hard. Like many people on this sub I'm really really good at quitting because of all the practice - I've done it LOADS of times. This time round though was so, so different because I forgot how hard it was.

Everything I read about quitting is about how HARD it is. People who have never even smoked know, when people quit it is *hard*. I think this sets people up to fail. I think that by letting people agonise over their own cravings, it makes it harder to quit. As an example :

My old response:
Ah man, dying for a smoke. This IS hard. Christ. Is it going to be like this forever? Like, every day forever? I know people off em for 20 years who say they still get cravings! ...I can't keep this up today, never mind for 20 years!! Another time, another try. I'll try again with Chantix. Or gum. Or an ecigarette. But not now.

The process of quitting is so mythologised that people overthink it. When you overthink a craving, you're indulging it, you're letting it get inside your head, you're not submitting but you're letting it do the damage its trying to do... before you know it smoking occupies your whole brain and your willpower resisting the smoke is fighting your willpower to get one.

My new answer is to not think about it. Lock it out. Shut it up. Cravings will come but you cannot think about them. Do something... anything else. The quit smoking app has a good memory game! After doing this I realised that quitting is actually way way easier than I thought it was, because I previously made it hard inside my own head. Its not that hard! Anyone can do it!

I appreciate this is kind of like confidence issues (confidence = success, but no success means no confidence) but its seriously something to think about. Stop respecting nicotine so much. Its not an unstoppable monolith. Loads of people quit every day. This subreddit is inspirational proof that this can be done! We can chose to make it harder by indulging those negative thoughs during a craving, by building the myth of how hard it is to quit... or we can chose to fucking get on with it. Smash it. Take control of it. This is hard enough without us making it harder on ourselves! 

Quitting is tough, but it's not tougher than any of us. It only gets that way when we build it up inside our heads. Good luck guys!!!