If your New Year’s resolution is to quit smoking, but you’ve tried before and didn’t manage to quit, talk to your doctor about Chantix.

I know this is never what anyone wants to hear, but Chantix worked for me, when many NYE resolutions in a row didn’t.

I was 22 when I quit smoking. I’d been chainsmoking filterless roll-your-owns (Bugler) for five years, every half hour.

I’m 29 now and smoking is a distant memory.

No matter your age or health condition, Chantix will work. The main reason it’s not a more popular prescription is because people who can’t quit smoking don’t actually want to. There are no side effects or risks that aren’t also associated with other, much more common psych RXs, like Prozac or Xanax, or even regular use of Advil.

Many people say to me, “I’ve already tried Wellbutrin” and I pretty much give up on the conversation at that point. Wellbutrin is an MAOI, and inhibits impulsive behavior, like Topamax. Chantix targets nicotine receptors and nothing else. Within a week it reforms them into the shape of what’s in a nonsmoker’s brain. It makes it so that you have no positive reaction to the nicotine, and only a negative reaction to the smoke. It has nothing to do with psychology, and everything to do with neurology. The only side effects you’re legitimately risking are suicidality (same risk as taking an NSAID) and irritability. If you’re worried you might kill yourself, talk to your family and doctor about a plan to check yourself into the hospital for a week.(Hospitals in the US are not torture chambers; they’re just poorly lit with fluorescent overheads, and you can’t have drawstrings.) This is really, really a non-issue, but let’s say you have a history of suicide attempts... you’re literally going to die a slow, painful death because of smoking if you don’t quit NOW, so just make your choice. I will say I did snap at a friend of mine on the subway, but that was the only moment of adverse effect I had from the drug.

Please PM me if you have any questions about safe hospital procedure or any ambiguities about what it means to prepare for a hospitalization, as well as about how realistic it is to even make this kind of preparation. (It's not realistic to expect to be suicidal on Chantix, but it's the number one argument against it that I hear.)

Do I sound like a Chantix commercial? FUCKING SURE. But guess what? I didn't want to smoke, and I don't. Can you say the same? No? Then fucking listen. Stop fighting, save your lungs, save your life, and spare your family your own sad, slow, unnecessarily tortuous demise. CHANTIX IS THE ANSWER. I'M SORRY IT SOUNDS CORPORATE AND LIKE PROPAGANDA BUT THIS IS THE FUTURE. RIGHT NOW, THIS IS THE FUTURE. WE'RE LIVING IN IT. TAKE THE PILL TO SAVE YOUR LIFE.

For seven years now, I’ve listened to hundreds of people say they want to quit, then shoot down Chantix for one bullshit reason or another. IF YOU WANT TO QUIT SMOKING BUT IT’S HARD, FUCKING TAKE CHANTIX. IT’S THAT EASY.

I took half a starter dose for seven days, continued smoking as much as I wanted to, and woke up on the seventh day, lit my morning cigarette, took one hit, looked at it, then put it out. I never smoked again. Then I took half a regular dose for six weeks (half the recommended course of treatment, agreed upon with my doctor). It was as easy as the sweetest fucking pie your ashy, numb mouth’s ever tasted. Literally anyone who says they want to quit and then doesn’t take Chantix (if they have insurance) is lying about wanting to quit.

It is the key to the nicotine prison. Just unlock the door and let yourself out.