Narrowing down the battlefield.

Dear /r/stopsmoking, it has helped me endlessly to read what everybody is going through, that i am not alone and all in all the people are pretty awwwrrrrrsoooooam.

In order to give back, i would like to share my wisdom of now 382 days as a "normal" human. When i started to quit i saw cigarettes everywhere and smoking everywhere. I was trying to fight the habits formed, which in and of itself was hard enough.

Lately, i have been really thankful that there are so many things which don't involve smoking, where smoking would have to be added on to make it a smoking activity. e.g. Going out with friends is great for everybody. Going out with friends and smoking is great for a smoker. In many ways i feel like i have reverted to some younger version of myself that gets to try everything out anew sans smoking. And this is the realization i want to share:

The habits break down to activities, the activities break down to the act of smoking, the act of smoking is the nicotine conveyance of your choice, you get addicted to the nicotine and repeat while forming activites and habits. So after breaking the habitual cycles we all know the danger (at least for me) lies in "accidentally" getting more nicotine. 

BUT the distribution of nicotine in the world is very very very limited spatially. Only cigarette packs, cigars, pipes, shishas contain nicotine ready for consumption. If you want patches, at least where i live you need an apothecary, if you want snoot one would have to travel to Scandinavia, or the southern US for chewing tobacco respectively.

The space and time between dangerous nicotine sources are vast distances and really long epochs that have to be filled with life, consisting of fun stuff and not so fun stuff. 

I guess, you only really have to navigate carefully when you encounter a wild cigarette or a stray hookah. And even if you do get too close a simple "Nah thanks, i quit!" will allow you to keep going.

tl;dr: Old-timer rambling :p
