1 month with no cigs. (A little vaping, though): Quitting when overweight and with mental disorder

Ok. This is my first ever post on Reddit. I discovered this group when googling for ideas on how to quit. I read a lot of posts in the sub, and some of the stories really, REALLY helped. So, here's mine, I hope I can pay it forward somehow.

*I apologize in advance for any and all spelling/grammar mistakes, since English is not my first language. 

This will be long, again I'm sorry.. have an imaginary balloon 🎈as compensation...

How I became a smoker: 
I've been smoking non-stop for 16 years. I started as a "social" smoker in my early teens and worked up to a pack a day for a while. I tried to cut down and succeeded, I smoked 3 cig 6 days a week for the past 5 years. But I was never serious about quitting.


About my mental health:
At 19, I was officially diagnosed with persistent depressive disorder, PDD or dysthymia and with OCD.

This disorders present themselves in different forms for everyone. For me it was anxiety attacks, long bouts of "mild" depression, anger and intrusive thoughts, that lead to compulsive behaviors. The meds helped, but they have side effects (hunger, mild discomfort, feeling detached). Also, you still have everyday stress and problems. One coping mechanism for all of that was binge or stress eating. Smoking was another. So, it was a very BIG deal. 


Rock-bottom:
The antidepressants and the disorders took a toll, but I made some wrong choices and developed bad habits: I went up to 225 lbs. I had herniated back disks, two inguinal hernias, was insulin-resistant (a step to diabetes) and was smoking so bad I had bouts of asma. My self esteem was below the ground. My love life sucked. And my dog died. (You can't make this stuff up, I swear! I miss you Zeus (French Poodle), you were a good boy!)

Then they told me I had "small tumors, probably benign" in my stomach, a consequence from years of a poor diet, stress and, yup, smoking. They needed to take them, and part of my stomach, possibly a little bit of my large intestine, too. And what was my response? Like an addict, I went outside and lit a cig!

I work as an advertiser and a college professor... (stress galore, people!)
I couldn't quit my job or I would have lost my insurance. No insurance = no treatment. But the main source of stress and the excuse for my poor habits was my job. Catch-22, anyone?

By the grace of whoever or whatever is out there, I met my current psychotherapist (behavioral expert)... and my current psychiatrist (for the meds).
We came up with a plan. Not going to get into it, but if anyone is interested I can share my experience on this regard. 

Bottom line:
Three surgeries and some serious pain (I didn't qualify for the 'good' pain meds because of the risk involved) I finally got to the part of my plan when I asked myself to quit smoking, for good. I quit before and for a while after the surgeries, but I kept eating as a coping mechanism so I kept relapsing. 

The plan:
I started vaping (30 mgs mint liquid), while still smoking cigs.
I swore of "being on a diet to lose X amount of weight". I now eat healthy, no sacrifices but no "rewards" either. (behavioral therapy, a very savvy nutritionist and the right med convo for this part).
Started working out (20 mins 3 times a day). THIS WAS KEY! And not easy while still smoking, btw.


Final cig:
From dealing with my anxiety I've learned not to feed a goal with expectations, so after a small procedure done to my nose to improve my breathing (not being able to breath is a MAJOR trigger for my anxiety attacks) I bought my last pack... and never opened it. I used the fear of that trigger to my advantage. Just kept putting it off, reminding myself that I was breathing better so there was nothing to panic about therefore no reason to ruin it by smoking. Crazy, but it worked.

I still vape a few puffs a day, no nicotine. But today is 1 month into my latest goal. 

So, takeaway:
If you are overweight, worry about putting on weight and/or have mental issues, in my experience, quitting smoking is doable. 
There just is no "right" or "wrong" way to do it. 

Maybe start working out before you quit can help. Definitely try to sleep better. 
No shame in needing meds. A lot of people don't get it, but that's on them. You do what you need to do. 
And tighten your support network: the right doctors are hard to find but they are out there. Don't be afraid or ashamed to try, ask or keep looking. You are worth it. 
If you have willing family, lean on them. If you have willing friends, make a family out of them. If you have willing pet, give them a hug and make do. If not, post on this board. Just keep at it.
Thank you for reading this.

Here, have more balloons 🎈 🎈🎈🎈🎈🎈🎈🎈🎈🎈🎈🎈.


