Quitting vaping symptoms: Day 4

Not sure if wrong place, but I’m new to sub and wanted to share experience. I started vaping for a year after I quit smoking (8yrs smoking). Long story short, I was fond of the Boulder Rock and Juul, going through a pod a day or more.

After a year of what I personally would consider heavy chain vaping, I was tired with the tightness in my chest and the weird lung burn sensation, as well as the CONSTANT need to rip the Juul and feeling of helplessness without it.

I am on Day 4 and things have gotten pretty rough. I have quit smoking before, but I have been experiencing what I could only describe as deep, throbbing neck pains, that often extend all around and throughout my head with strong pain behind the eyes. This pain feels hollow and somewhat like a hangover, or like a dehydration headache (which it isn’t).

 Additionally, and part of the reason I quit, is due to the fact that I would sometimes get blurred vision, after vaping. This is what scared me the most, as I have always had 20/15 vision. I still experience this since I quit and wonder if this is a common occurrence or if it will go away or if this is just me now. I am very sensitive to light and wonder if it is a symptomatic migraine/ocular migraine.

At night I will experience rage unlike anything I have experienced before. It is like a tantrum that boils right underneath the surface, that I have to type or write through to address and keep at bay. It is not a concern past the discomfort and sleeplessness it brings me, but I haven’t experienced this in past times of quitting. BUT I have never quit vaping before, and I tend to believe I took a lot more nicotine vaping than I ever did smoking, and attribute this rage to the NEED for nicotine at this point.

My family and friends are supportive, I am trying to workout to combat these symptoms with endorphins, and I am slowly cleaning up my diet to overall promote a sense of wellness.

My question for the sub is, do any or all of these symptoms seem normal? Did I just truly start chiefing nicotine at levels I never have before so the fall is harder? Should Day 4 and onward get worse symptomatically? First few days were fine. Thank you in advance, and good luck! 