Quitting aged 21... Swallowed the red pill too early?

Heads up, this post is fairly long. Wondering if anyone else has had the same experience and can offer some insight. 

So I've quit now for 86 days. 86 days which were initially very difficult, and then, surprisingly easy. Until now. Approaching the three month mark I cant help but view my old smoking habits differently.

My desire for a cigarette has suddenly returned as strong as it ever was, and worst of all I'm beginning to rationalize, (something I was able to avoid in the initial stages of my quit as I had a chest infection and obviously new smoking wasn't helping it at all).  Now of course I know that it is better never to start, and that 6 years smoking is 6 years to many, but I can't help feeling that at only twenty one years old I could have easily gotten away with it for much longer. I've read Allen Carr's Easyway, I know I was perhaps not truly enjoying the cigarettes and merely feeding an addiction, and I know that there are a whole host of reasons why, when it is better to never start at all, it is certainly best to stick to my quit regardless of age. But this does not stop the constant feeling, like I'm that guy in the matrix, that I could indulge in the placebo for a few more years and swallow the red pill later. And I mean why the hell not? I read constantly that people who quit by thirty can expect to live almost, if not just as long, as a non-smoker. Am I not at 21 years of age, (and may I add a 21 year old unable to drink alcohol and eat the vast majority of delicious food due to health issues), depriving myself of a guilty pleasure whilst it is still in fact relatively viable?

I'm not really looking for the reasons why quitting is for the best in general. As I said, I am, as I'm sure every ex/smoker is, aware of the reasons why smoking is not an excellent life choice. I was just wondering if anyone had experienced a similar mental struggle, the idea of perhaps giving up before you really 'had to', and how, if at all, they managed to talk themselves down.

Thanks to everyone who read this far down, and good luck to you all!

EDIT: Spent some time reading through all the comments and it has made me feel a lot better, I know it sounds stupid but sometimes you need a whole load of people to remind you you're being a prat, even if deep down you know it yourself already! So thanks a lot you guys, and here's to the next 86 days, and the 86 after that.
