I'm ready

Before I start, thank you to those who read and respond.

I started smoking about 6 years ago. I'm one of those idiots who stared facts in the face and decided to disregard them anyways. My father died in 2005 of lung cancer due to his 3 pack a day habit. I would rollercoaster between 1 and 2 packs a day. When I finally decided to quit yesterday, I was at ~ 1 pack a day, definitely not more than 1 though. I noticed over the last 2 years a general decline in health; wheezing, fatigue, shortness of breath when walking up stairs etc. It got to the point where I hated smoking but did it anyways. 

October of last year I stopped and took a very long look at what I had become. When I left Highschool, I was in the best shape of my life. Then 2 years later I started smoking. I gained quite a bit of weight, stopped exercising and got an IT job (Oh God). I realized I wasn't happy. At all. 5 months prior to my revelation I seperated from my long time partner of 6 years. I grew more dependant as I grew more depressed (we're very good friends now). I decided to make a change and I would do it in steps. Late October 14', I decided to change my diet. That was the first step. I was heard/read it was easier to quit smoking when you have a healthy diet. Well, since October of last year I am down 60 pounds. I also decided to change how I take care of myself. I bought new clothes, changed my hairstyle amongst other things. Now I'm here. I'm ready to do this. Yesterday I bought nicotine patches as my ex has had great sucess with them (she was also a smoker). I stopped yesterday and started using the patches.

From what I can tell, they do help a great deal. I did quit smoking 4 years ago for 3 months. Cold turkey. That was very difficult. These are helping though I did slip up today and had a ciggarette. The issue I am running into is the want. The patches help with the need and the physical withdrawl. Now it's the want/mental aspect I need to deal with. Unfortunately, my job is very stressful and continues to increase in how stressful it is. Smoking became a bit of a crutch. If I was having a bad day, I'd smoke more. It also dosen't help that I am essentially my own boss and can take smoke breaks whenever I want. So that's where I need help guys.

What are some good ways to control the mental addiction?

The need isn't there but the want is. I guess I haven't gotten my will power to the point yet where I am able to figuratively slap myself and say No!

I've tried music, and that helps. Gum sort of helps but I find I chew too much of it. I don't really want to snack after losing all of this weight lol. 

I appreciate any input given and thank you again for reading. I'm writing this from work so if I don't immediately respond I apologize.