Update on my lapse

So just over a week ago, I wrote a post about how I had lapsed 17 days into my attempts to quit smoking. I'm now 10 and a half days into quitting again. It's been rough again. Stress has been building up again, and I sadly have nearly crumbled and bought myself a pack, or at least asked for a cigarette from a friend. I have managed not to smoke though.

I've gone for the approach of money is being saved and can be put to better things. I bought one of those Cineworld Unlimited Cards for the year for £140 because my work gives me a discount. I've basically saved that from not smoking since I started quitting. I've also operated on the approach that I deserve to be healthier. I've noticed my cravings for cigarettes are being replaced by food, but I'm also trying to go back to the gym more too. But despite this, it's still been rough.

Even last, night, I went out to a friend's, and when three friends went outside for a smoke. I joined, against my better judgement, because it is hella warm in Scotland right now, and I feel like I would have collapsed being inside for much longer. I nearly caved, but one friend who knew I was quitting mentioned that I was doing a good job, and she would refuse to give me a cigarette as they noticed I was fixated on their cigarettes. I didn't smoke last night. I'm happy I didn't. Every time the addiction tries convincing me that it's okay to have one cigarette, I remember the other week where I sat on my stairs smoking a pack of cigarettes I didn't particularly enjoy and that I threw away half a pack. It would be a waste to buy more. 

But alas, tragedy has struck in other ways. I mentioned in my last post that  my main reason for wanting to quit smoking being that my grandmother was diagnosed with lung cancer. We received the call today that it's terminal. I have no idea how long she has to live. Normally, given the imminent stress this is going to cause, I'd go for a cigarette but that's what got her into this situation, I guess. I'm not too sure how to feel. I'm more astonished it didn't happen sooner. The woman is in her 80s and smoked a ton of cigarettes a day.

All I know is life is going to be stressful for the foreseeable future. Thanks for the support for the last post. It's appreciated. 