Got 17 days in before lapsing

This is more a rant, to be honest. I've been smoking for the past 6 years, trying to convince myself to quit nearly every day. A few weeks back, my gran got diagnosed with lung cancer. I'm more surprised it didn't happen sooner than really   
 feeling upset that it did happen - she smokes a lot. So I tool that as a sign to quit. I downloaded a tracker on my phone and it was my 17th day. Apparently I saved about £80 from not smoking in that time. And honestly, I'd like to say I'm impressed by how well I was doing. I've been stressed out with work and life in general, but in that time, I resisted. I've also not really indulged in my social life, which I like to think has helped the past few days. I've been working a lot so I haven't seen a lot of my friend circle recently. Today I saw a lot of them and immediately lapsed. I can't even blame drinking - I had 3 pints and I was smoking.

Throughout those 17 days, I feel I was already justifying lapsing into smoking again as not failing per say. People often say having that one cigarette isn't failure until you give up on giving up. It wasn't until my friend did call me a failure that I really did begin to feel bad. I tried explaining my view, but he insisted it was still failure. During my walk home (it's about an hour walk), I smoked about half the pack before I decided I was gonna throw the pack away. I googled "throwing the pack away quitting smoking" and this subreddit came up, and I feel it really helped. Took it as inspiration, really. Decided I would have one last cigarette before I do throw it away. Fell into that old trap. You know what they say, a last cigarette is so good, you gotta have about a dozen of them. I got halfway through a cigarette outside my house before basically retching from how awful it felt and tasted before binning them.

I've confessed to another friend, and I guess the best way she put it - just gotta aim for 18 days now. Progress is progress is progress is progress, as she says. I think this is me really set on quitting again. But I think I need to go into isolation mode for a while longer - while I would smoke a lot by myself when I did still smoke, I think the social aspect is what truly has screwed me over today.

I'm undecided if I want to go for a vape. My mum quit years ago, ironically because I made her, then I started smoking. She's not touched any since, but she's so glued to that thing, the idea of getting one myself gives me the absolute fear. I was doing the chewing gum thing, but I'll probably see about getting some nicotine gum and patches.

Here's to second attempts, I guess.