It's easier than you think. To not cough yourself to death.

Recently, thanks to my buddy, I have discovered this subreddit. So I want to share my story to all of you, for motivation.

I quited on 2013-04-22. I remember to this day my last cigarette. It was really great.

After six years of smoking I started to feel terrible. Low body condition, awful hair and nails. And the most disturbing: cough. Man, I thought I could cough my lungs out. I hated it. So I decided to quit altogether together with my GF. We smoked one last cigarette in front of a bar we came to to have a drink. And really it was her last cigarette.

I smoked another one in the evening for what she rebukes me to this day. And it was my last cigarette.

For me, quiting wasn't that bad. I was really desperated to do this ('cos of my health), my GF was more sceptic. Or maybe more addicted, though she always had said she's not at all. But, for me, she didn't came back, for what I'm proud of her.

I'd like to tell you we started going to gym, jogging together, etc. But we didn't and it was marvelous. We just started to feel absolutely amazing, healthier each day, wealthier each day. Seriously, the first thing I seriously noticed was that I didn't know what to do with my money. Very often cash argument isn't that big for smokers. I remember why and you all know that too. I'm not rich, not poor though. Before quiting I had had to count our money so that we could always afford another pack of cigarettes. Because of that we didn't have much money for developing some interests. Our money consuming hobby was smoking.

Some months after quiting and losing weight (sorry, there's gonna be a little bit more to love at the beginning) I started to write, start programming (and making money out of it), play basketball, bought a Kindle, bought tons of books, made a tattoo, getting another one in October. She started to paint, came back to play violin, play tennis, bought tons of clothes, bought a bicycle. We both look astonishingly sexy. We're conquering the world. So can you.

Just quit. You're now ugly, boring and have less money. You can be good-looking and find expensive passion in life.

Sorry if the syntax of my writing isn't winsome but I'm a polish writer therefore I know how to write fascinating tales in my native language. I'm trying really hard though!