Making the best of my depression

So I suffer from depression. I don‘t know for how long but a few weeks ago I went to the doctor because I couldn‘t go to work. I couldn‘t even say hello before the tears started rolling down my face.

So he finally said I have depression, need a therapist etc.

I felt pretty good after that. You know, letting everything out for once was a big relief.

So I was smoking for 10 years until I quit in 2013. it wasn’t the first time I tried but this time it was easy. Like the stars aligned and everything was just perfect.

I stayed smokefree for about 18 months and then I fell back. Got together with a girl that smoked and thought to myself well, why not try and see if I still like it. That‘s all it took.

Been smoking since then and tried to quit several times for the last 3 months with no success what so ever. For me, the hardest part are the first 24 hours. If I make it past that then I know I‘m safe. I only made it once, and that was when I first successfully stopped in 2013.

Well, on friday I went to my first therapy session and felt great after that. Not that it was a big help. But when I walked out the weather was fine, the sun was breaking through all the clouds, it got warm, the streets dried up which ismotorcycle always good for me because I‘m riding a  and I was just happy to start the weekend.

In the evening I had one cigarette left. I thought that I‘ll smoke that in the morning and get a new pack after that.

Saturday. I wake up and feel not to good but also not really bad. But every minute my mood got worse. I get into the kitchen and lite the cigarette. I smoke it and decide that I go to the store later. For now I return to bed.

That was 36 hours ago.

Finally I got to the point where getting up, getting dressed, walking 10 minutes to the next place that sells cigarettes and walking back home was too much work.

And i feel great. Still like a piece of shit because I spent the whole weekend in bed and didn‘t achieve anything - well except not touching a cigarette for 36 hours.

But I am honestly proud. I need every positive feeling I can get my hands on and this is by far one of the best.

Somehow I‘m thankfull of all the crap I had to endure the last 2 days because in the end it was good for something.