6 weeks as a non-smoker yet my physical health hasn't been this bad in a looooong time - is it linked to this change? A perverted tale I was just not informed about? Appreciate you sharing opinions/similar experiences!

**The silver lining** \- never once I coughed so... elegantly. It's like an angel's whisper, blowing on silky melodic strings... I should make a song with these coughs. Someone call Kate Bush, I want a collab! *If you don't read anything else in this rant, please keep this in mind!*

&amp;#x200B;

So ... here's the thing. Haven't smoked in about 1 month and 2 weeks. Granted, I vape (a bit and with no nic) and used a patch for the first week. 

First week was hell for cravings... then it was different hell - nightmares, cold sweats, bad sleep etc. Normal stuff as I was told here (thank you!)

A couple weeks ago I was rushed to the ER suffering from a strong infection. Scary - antibiotics, etc, pure hell, awful. After treatment I still was running a fever - another infection  (UTI, reached my kidney - was a bloody painful mess). Harsh meds again.. bad week. Yesterday I was out of my mind, feverish again, not knowing what to do anymore. Today - diagnosed with mild pulmonary infection and pharyngitis... Seriously?!?!?! 

I have \*never\* been this healthy in my life - I'm eating healthy, following my own natural sleep order and times, my mind is in a much better place, exercising, and ... I FUCKING QUIT SMOKING!!

A couple of friends told me that some people go through a sort of body "reset" when you stop smoking and it makes people more vulnerable to viruses, infections, etc...

I will google this for sure but I wanted to know if anyone has a first-hand of this? Your body just going full "sick mode"? Was it proven to come as direct result from whatever shock the body went through quitting suddenly? 

Thank you so much, it's week 3 now and I'm starting a new treatment after finishing one a couple nights ago... I am exhausted, bed ridden and I am mostly angry that my body is reacting to good things in such an awful way...

*Thank you so much to all of you,* if it wasn't for this sub I couldn't be so proud of myself. I did not use Alan Carr but I figured my motivation through all your posts and comments so do what works for YOU. I'm sick as a female dog but proud. I'll try not to forget that...