Tuesday was my last drink. [x-post /r/stopdrinking]

Evening /r/stopdrinking (and /r/stopsmoking, as a result).

 

I've put off posting for a few weeks, as I always make it to about 3 days (where I'm at now) and then go out for a beer to watch the baseball game... Which turns into closing the bar, smoking half pack-full pack of smokes and feeling awful the following day because I'm dehydrated/hungover and don't smoke cigarettes unless I'm drinking.

 

I started drinking/smoking around 17-18, and it continued off and on throughout my 20s (especially so while I was touring and playing music). I had a good 4-6 months around 27 where I had quit alcohol/cigarettes completely and was working out every day. I was productive, I got into a new relationship with an amazing girl (probably as a result), got classes done at school while working full time with ease because I wasn't hungover from the night before and had a clear head. Around 6 months (give or take) I had been on a roll doing really well, I had a major falling out with my best friend and room mate.

 

I moved to a studio apartment where I lived half a block from a cheap bar. At about the same time, the relationship that I had been starting with the girl fell apart, for reasons unrelated, but then I found myself in a predicament. I was lonely, depressed, and that bar was right there where I could meet some new people (was how I justified it, anyway). I'd close it down every few nights, and would rotate one of the other bars nearby to make it seem as though I wasn't an alcoholic. I spent basically all my extra money and then some drinking. I was bartending nights, and had no responsibilities during the day. I'd close down a bar nightly with at least half of the tips I was making. This went on for about a year and a half. Then I happened to meet some 'friends' from tour that lived down near where I was, at which point drugs entered the picture briefly.

 

A couple weeks into that, I realized I needed a change in a big way. I had gained easily 30lbs (and that's being generous). I wasn't working out, I wasn't productive, I wasn't even playing music anymore. Classes had stopped the semester before, which I convinced myself was because I was depressed and just needed some time to recoup. Which I did, but not from being depressed... from all the partying.

 

I moved back to my hometown, renting a room from someone that I used to work with. I've lived here for about half a year, if not a little more, and the drinking has been sporadic. I'll manage to get 2-3 days without, but then just having that 1 beer watching the game turns into the late night that I'm sure at least a few of you in this sub have participated in.

 

I'm done with this shit. I'm going to make an attempt to get back where I was a couple years ago. I haven't drank or smoked in 3 days, and my gym membership started today. It hurt like hell, but that endorphin rush afterward and the feeling of getting my life back on track is worth it. I've gotten myself waaaay behind in the classes that I started this semester again because I hadn't stopped drinking until now (I made the mistake of plotting a day in the future, the day I started classes, being the day that I was done for good).

 

So tonight, even though I really do kind of want to go out for a drink to celebrate feeling positive again (lol), I finally realize how backwards that line of thinking is. I'm staying in, and getting caught up on the SQL/C++/Calculus homework that I put off. Calculus might be beyond saving at this point, but I'm not.

 

tl;dr: Started drinking around 10 years ago, more on a full time self destructive way after some unfortunate real life stuff that I didn't want to deal with in a mature way 2 years ago. Tuesday marks my last drink, and my last smoke. May I have a badge?

 

Sorry about the wall of text... realized I had a lot more to come clean about as I went. Happy Friday!