It's easy and hard at the same time...

Hello. 
I just made an account. Really don't know why. Maybe just to show what I'm going through, maybe to seek backup, maybe it will help someone. Not me to judge.
I'm on my 17th day of no smoking after 12 years of everyday smoking a pack. I'm 30. Decided to quit because I never really wanted nor thought I will smoke and lately I've been able to smoke 3 cigarretes in a row. If not work and thought that people will judge me I would easly smoke 2-3 packs a day.
I've read The Book and managed to stop smoking for 8 days. It was 2 months ago. Then I failed with 'there is no one cigarette' rule and smoked again. It tasted awful but as predicted it didn't repell me. Tasted like when I was first trying to smoke 12 years ago.
It took some time, but I'm on my second attempt after reading Allen Carr book and it feels really good. Didn't read it again. Just recalled what I've read and why I wanted to quit in the first place. I hope it will last forever. 
I don't really have cravings, but sometimes I feel it would be awesome to smoke again. I know that it's just my addiction, but at the same time I think that it would make me feel better at the moment. Then I remember after first failure that it will not ;)
I hope that I'm not alone with this. 
I really enjoy benefits of nosmoking. One of the very best was the smell of things. The smell of the rain.. WOW! My whole adult life I was misssing it. And now I know how I stinked in a bus just after finishing smoke on a bus stop. If you smoke you just dont know how awful that is! Second benefit so far is the heart rate. When smoking I had 90-100 bpm even when laying down. Now it's 60bpm and sometimes when really relaxed below 60. Third is physical. I can run for 50 minutes without break and only thing that is making me stop is boredom, not my lungs.
Then yeah. It's easy to quit because nothing hurts you physically while doing it and you can see all the benefits, but it's hard cause the addiction tells you that in some situations (relationship issues, work, etc.) smoke will make you feel better. It will not and I hope I will stick to that thought...