1 month as of this Sunday - a few concerns

Hi all, I smoked a pack a day from 2006 - 2017, 28 years old now and my last cigarette was Sunday, August 20th at 2:08am. Just a couple questions that have been on my mind a lot lately:


1) I read a lot beforehand about increased energy levels after the first week or so. I'm experiencing the exact opposite. I'm dead tired 99% of the time no matter how well I ate or how much sleep I get or don't get. I'm not drinking, using drugs, or ingesting caffeine beyond a Diet Coke every now and then. Is this a possible result of quitting, or is it likely psychosomatic? If the former, is there a general timeframe when I can expect to stop being so fatigued all day and night?


2) I haven't noticed any difference in my sense of taste or smell aside from suddenly being able to smell the hell out of cigarette smoke again. I don't mind this, exactly, but the dramatically improved smell/taste was touted as being universal and incredibly noticeable. I can't imagine what it could be, but I'm concerned that maybe there's something wrong with me, or my quit, or something.

3) I CONSTANTLY FEEL LIKE I HAVE A HEAD COLD AND I AM SO CONGESTED and ugh. This, I did read about being fairly common. Can't find a reliable consensus on a timeframe for it to cut it the fuck out, though. Any advice on mitigating this? Coupled with the fatigue, it's having a minor but noticeable impact on my work.


4) Seen a lot of "you're never done with cigarettes" and the like and for long-time quitters, I'm wondering how true that is. I heard a lot of the same when I had a pretty vicious drinking problem and all my resources were telling me that once I kicked it, I'd always be an alcoholic and could never drink socially or normally again and blah blah blah, but I've had no problem at all drinking in moderation - or even excessively if the situation calls for it - and then not drinking again for weeks or months without issue. Is the "you're always a smoker" bit just some sort of 12-step AA-equivalent philosophy, or is it different with the cancer sticks?



This is running way longer than expected so I'll cut it off here. Thanks in advance for any feedback!