Quitting tomorrow... Excited (and nervous) and have so many reasons to quit!!

I've lurked on here for quite some time and have never posted because it seemed like too big of a commitment, but now I'm ready to scream it from the heavens.

Tomorrow is the day. I've spent the last few years making halfhearted attempts and always ended up smoking again. I've made tons of excuses about why it's not a big deal or how it's not a problem, but I want to be done with it for good. 

I really can't afford to keep spending money on something that is killing me. I'm fortunate to have no health problems as a result of smoking, and I want to keep it that way. I know people who have had lung cancer twice, have lost their legs, who use oxygen tanks and continue to smoke... I don't want the addiction to get that bad. I enrolled in a fitness club September 29th and told myself "quitting smoking will pay for this!" but I've already spent enough money in cigarettes to pay for this month's membership... It needs to stop!  I can't have it both ways. I can't say I'm getting healthier while destroying my body in the process. I also need to cut expenses and that's the biggest, blackest hole in my budget. 

I hate being the friend that smokes. The friend who is disappearing from social events to have a cigarette, the friend with the smelly car- a car I bought brand new this year that I swore I would ever smoke in- , the friend who smells. I hate that my boyfriend has to put up with it and smell it on me, smell is on the furniture after I come in from a cigarette, smell it in my car when he gets in.

I've been living a double life at work. I've been working at my job for about 20 months and no one has any idea I smoke. I am not supposed to be a smoker and would not have been offered the job if I answered the "are you a smoker?" question honestly. Ironically, I'm certified to do one-on-one and group smoking cessation. I'M A SHAM. 

I don't want to have yellow teeth or wrinkly, saggy skin... I don't want to look 50 by the time I'm 30. I don't want to smoke on my (imaginary) wedding day, or during any pregnancies. I need to stop NOW, because everyday keep smoking is more fuel for the addiction. 

My biggest barrier has been a fear or weight gain. It's been my crutch. But I've done my research, crunched the numbers, and turn out a pack a day smoker burns about 250 calories a day by smoking (increased metabolism etc etc. http://www.webmd.com/smoking-cessation/features/quit-smoking-without-gaining-weight ). I smoke, on average, a quarter of that. A 15 minute walk at a decent pace could burn that, plus I go to the gym 3-4 times per week. I have the 15 minutes per day. I'm watching what I eat. I have the skills and the knowledge to quit. I even have NRT. 

I'm out of excuses. 

Now it's real. I've said it to a network of almost 30,000 people and I certainly can't back out now.
:)
