Quitting smoking reminds me that I'm getting older - does anyone else feel this way?

I'm 35 and I've just quit smoking for about the 20th time (literally about 10 minutes ago I made the decision).

The reason I keep relapsing is because when I quit, I find it so easy to quit. I really enjoy not smoking and being a non-smoker from day 1. I even enjoy being around people smoking because it reminds me how amazing it is to be a non-smoker. So I always just think 'meh, I'll start again because it's so easy to stop.' It's crazy the tricks your smoker's mind can play on you. However each time I start, it gets harder and harder to stop.

However the real reason I start again is because, counterintuitively, it makes me feel young. Or perhaps more accurately, knowing that I should give up smoking reminds me that I'm getting too old to do this for fear of one of the big diseases.

When I was a teenager or in my 20s, I could smoke and I still looked and felt great. It was cool, it didn't seem to have any noticeable effects on my health and I could pass smoking off as just another part of a young carefree and hedonistic lifestyle. Today, I see guys in their 20s smoking and of course they still look great. They're young and have no worries and aren't afraid of their own mortality. I'm in my mid 30s now and it's sometimes hard to accept that I'm no spring chicken anymore. But I kid myself that I'm still a young guy in his early 20s, with no need to worry about his health.

Obviously no smoker starts smoking thinking he'll be that guy in his 60s or 70s still puffing away. But I know that if I don't stop at some stage, I will be that guy sucking away on his cigs when he's an old man. When I'm a smoker, I feel like I'm not at that stage yet, that I don't have to worry about dying THAT much as I'm nowhere near that age yet. Stopping smoking is depressing because it's a symbol that I've woken up to the fact that I'm not that young man any more.

It's hard to express but I guess when I stop smoking, I grieve for my vanished youth and the days of my early adulthood when I didn't have to worry about mortality.

Obviously I know that this is all a load of crap that nicotine and the tobacco advertising industry has instilled in me from a young age and I hate them for it. I know that I'll enjoy my life much more without smoking, that I'll live longer and that this whole mind game is totally counterintuitive.

Does anyone else feel this way - I find it so hard to express and it would be really helpful if someone else understood and could share how they deal with this feeling.