7 Weeks!

This past week has been one of the worst since I have quit but I have now made it to 7 weeks! My partner still smokes, despite intending to quit with me, but we have reached a compromise where he will smoke out of a window instead of in the living room right next to me! But all is good now. 
  
Monday, I think, I was really stressed and angry and rolled a joint (we roll joints with tobacco in the UK) but did not smoke it!! I was staring at it for well over 15 minutes before I instructed my boyfriend to take it away from me. I just kept telling myself 'you'll only have to quit again' because I really do not want to go through that first week again!  
I am still using an ecig but I am down to 3mg liquid, having started at 24mg. I actually quite enjoy the sensation of vaping so will probably continue vaping to keep my hands busy but plan to try 0mg liquid once my current stock has run out, so probably in 2 weeks.  
  
Overall I'm really pleased I have made it this far and if I can kick the nicotine in the ecig by the end of the year I'll be extremely happy. Interestingly, I believe I was more addicted to MAOI components of smoking, rather than the actual nicotine. I might be wrong but if I'm not, losing the nicotine should be easy as pie.  
  
**What I have learned since quitting:**  
*  Not one puff ever! Ingrain this into your brain.  
*  Keep yourself busy with non-stressful tasks. I find writing helpful (which is good because I have a writing job!)  
*  Exercise. I am not remotely fitness-oriented but I find a run around the garden with the dog helps burn a bit of the restlessness you may feel.  
*  Always keep in your mind why you are quitting. For me it is because I want to live a long life free of smoking related illnesses.  
*  Post updates here! We're all here for a common goal and the support is amazing.  
*  Happy music only. My mood is greatly influenced by music so I try to listen to upbeat, positive music to stay positive myself.  

Thanks for reading - good luck with your own quit :) 