Could use some advice.

My dad has been smoking for quite some time, probably the last 9~10 years.  He also drinks occasionally and partakes in some bud every now and then.  Within the past 8~10 months, he's decided to get back into shape, and has been lifting and eating healthy.  The reason I bring this up, is because he uses that as his defense, like it counters smoking.

I've talked to him endlessly about how much it costs him financially (he isn't really well off), talked about how it makes him stink (the house is immaculate and smells nice, so I don't use that), how it is going to prevent him from seeing his grand kids one day (I don't have children yet), and even how it's the contributing factor to why his dad died (when his dad was ~53, 2 months after I was born).  I've bought him gum, given him support group information, patches, pretty much every outside help I could think of to help him stop, but he always throws it away or doesn't care.

None of this has stopped him, he just retreats to "I only do it when I'm drinking".  Coming from a redneck who has a couple beers or wine throughout the day, it's true, but it can't even be applied to a social situation (how some other people I've seen defend it).  If I keep up with it, he says I'm killing the mood (usually have others around).

I've tried guilt tripping him using future grand kids; I've tried showing him statistics on what his lungs look like, and the rapid growth of cancerous cells that are spontaneous; and I tried using money as a factor.

After all that, I've decided to give him an ultimatum, and was wanting to know if those who have quit, what they think.  Either he quits smoking, or works towards it, or he's not going to be apart of my life anymore.  I have a small boat we bought for $400, and fixed up that's worth about $3k now.  It's in my name for tax purposes.  I've thought about using that saying I'll sign it over to him (IRS will put a lien on it), or sell it.  He won't be there for the birth of his grand kids (planning stages right now), and I won't come visit him anymore.  I'm tired of seeing him throw his life away.  I don't want to do this, but I feel that this might be a motivator that will potentially save his life.

Any advice is welcome.