Posting for motivation

Hey everyone! hope the quitting mission is going well. Please forgive my formatting as I am posting from mobile. It's a lengthy post but I am typing to distract myself so the longer the better!

At 7am this morning I smoked hopefully one of my last cigarettes. I am soon to be 24 years old and have been smoking about 15 cigarettes a day for nearly 7 years. Its time for a change.

At the start of this year I successfully stopped smoking weed. It was consuming my life. I smoked bongs daily, often from the moment I woke up. I couldn't eat, sleep or even go go the bathroom properly without sinking a cone. Here in Australia we mix in tobacco with our weed and I definitely increased my tobacco intake to compensate. In hindsight I just traded one habit for another but it's time to set it right.

I feel quitting is extremely important right now. Ive had a chest infection for over a month which has seen me in and out of hospital, missing work and not getting a single nights sleep undisturbed. I am also asthmatic and spending alot more money on my asthma puffers then I should need to.

My parter smokes cigarettes and she is not ready to quit yet but thats ok. This is on me alone. My family has some history with cancer and other health issues related to smoking that I must get on top off. 

I woke at 5am this morning and spent the first 45 minutes violently coughing and bringing up flem and it sealed the deal that this is it. I have smoked 3 cigarettes between 5:45 - 7am probably because I was coming to terms with quitting and just wanted that last smoke (I know! Terrible).

Anyway I have downloaded and set up Smoke Free app and started the timer at 7am. It is now 7:32am and I am about to set off on a walk while playing with my new phone to kill some time and build some healthier habits. 

Thank you everyone who took the time to read this!

Edit 1: made it 5 hours and 9 mins before having a smoke instead of my usual 45 mins. I am going to allow max another 2 today. Another in 5+ hours and 1 before bed. Tomorrow ill attempt only 3 all day. Ive reset smoke free to reflect this.

Edit 2: tried the 4mg nicabate gum about half hour ago and it seems to have really helped with my first big craving of today! This might be a great tool :)

Edit 3: so yesterday I had 3 smokes total and today I have had 1 and a half! The gum is really helping. 