9 Months In

Hey folks,
                   I haven't visited this thread in a while and I have no flair as I'm a mobile only user. I just came on to hopefully give some encouragement to this planning on quitting or early in the process. 

     I smoked for approximately 16 years, the latter 13 of which, I smoked 15 to 25 a day. I tried to quit about 400 times if I had to guess. For the last two years of smoking, I was a closet smoker for the most part. I was in a nearly constant state of withdrawal because I didn't smoke during the workday at all and I tried to quit once every two weeks or so.

     This past week, as I was about to celebrate my 9 months smoke free, I experienced two situations that could have been described as tests or triggers. The first was the first destination vacation I had taken since  quitting. I remember my brother and I smoking a pack a day easy during our time away last year. This year he was still smoking, unfortunately. But I was not. The second was a party with friends where we all sat around on a deck all night, you know the kind. Of the 8 people there, 6 of them hacked butts all night. I can't express to you how disinterested I was in the idea of smoking on either occasion. It was never considered and it took no will power to conjure up.

     I am just a normal guy that failed at quitting so many times. It is possible, no matter how much your mind may make you feel the opposite. Saying no to your junky brain flexes a muscle. The first few weeks, that muscle sucks and the bar you are lifting is heavy. After a month, it gets lighter. After three months, lighter still. After five months, for me at least, my no muscle could lift that weight as many times as possible, but it no longer needed to.

     On that vacation and on that deck, I felt the same sense of missing out that you do when everyone is eating ice cream and you are on a diet. But I recognized that it's not an admission of a desire for a cigarette at all. I've had thousands of chances to have one and I've declined them all. There is a void, it's completely normal and it doesn't mean you want one. It's a scar from a very real, very traumatizing relationship you've lived through. 

     I gained more weight than I should have after I stopped, which many that quit have. I'd probably say I was eating emotionally for four months. Since that time, I've lost thirty pounds. It's much easier to overcome once you've left the fog of the early quit.

     Quitting smoking has changed my life. It's caused me to identify new outlets to channel my emotions, particularly anger. It's caused me to evaluate my relationship with alcohol and with processed foods. Most of all, it's made me realize that cigarettes are nothing more than a withdrawal loop with zero benefits once you have experienced full mental and physical withdrawal.

     You can do it. It starts off extremely rough but within a period of four to five months, it ceases to have a voice in your life. Put it first during that time and it's unlikely you'll need to devote as much attention to it following that period.

Best of luck!

TL;DR: quitting is achievable for anyone, even closet or serial quitters. Quitting will change parts of you but everything that changes will be for the best. 