The nettle at the back of the garden shed

So, last week, I read Allen Carr's book on the 'easy' way to give up smoking. I posted a picture here about it. What led me to buy it was that I was having yet another Sunday very much on my own, and I'm tired of doing that. For some reason, I feel that giving up smoking will unlock a lot of doors for me. 

Anyway, we got a lot of rain last week. I can't remember exactly what evening it was, but I had it in my mind that Allen's book was going to work. Until then, I was going to give it my all that evening and puff as much as I wanted. We have a garden shed out the back and I sit behind it on a makeshift seat of planks of concrete and I smoke into a coke can. I woke up the morning after my vow and I decided I'd been too hasty. I hadn't thrown the pack out, what's the harm in one more?

I went out back to my area behind the garden shed, and to my astonishment, I discovered that a nettle had crept through the railing at the back of the garden and created a complete barrier into my little smoking area. I had never seen this nettle before. And suddenly, there it was, Gandalf in plant form, telling me, 'You Shall Not Passssssssssss!'

I ignored it and smoked anyway. It got caught in my clothes. It seemed 100% alive and breathing in every exhale from my cigarette. I felt like there was a reincarnated chain smoker living in that fucking nettle. 

A couple of days later, I decided to face the nettle head on and just stamp on the fucker. I've had a week of peaceful smoking, with the nettle lying limp at the side of the shed, a shadow of his former self. But then tonight...

Remember I mentioned the coke can? The dead nettle has somehow managed to position himself again so that his plant face ends where the coke can begins. It is really the strangest thing. The last I saw of Mr. Nettle, he was on the ground, a fair distance from the coke can. But I went for a smoke earlier, and there he was, nature in all his glory, telling me to quit the things! Pointed directly at the shameful makeshift ashtray. 'Quit them now!' he was saying. 'Don't end up like me. You could be a rose if you're lucky!' 

Why don't I listen to nature?