First 9 days in 10 years I've not had a cigarette

Not last Sunday but the Sunday before I stopped smoking cigarettes. I'd smoked for 10 years until then. I was actually in a not so great headspace and was stressed/angry which I think weirdly helped. My mother who also smokes asked if I had any tobacco, which is what I smoked because it was cheaper than tailor-mades. She however buys tailors, runs out of them and money then always asked me of I had tobacco she could have. I got so cross and felt like I was being taken advantage of, I could barely afford to keep myself smoking let alone my mother who smokes a crapload more than I did. I couldnt enjoy having a smoke, only think about if I'll run out or be asked if I can give half of my tobacco to someone who puts no effort into smoking cheaply. So I kind of lost my patience with it all and packed my smoking stuff away and began using a vaporizer I bought a year or so ago with nicotine-infused oil. Just in a big angry sort of state that lasted a few days and I kind of just forgot that I wanted a smoke a lot of the time because of other thinfs goin on. The cravings havent been all that bad because of the vaporizer to be honest.  
  
After the first 3 days my mother, of course, asked me if I had any tobacco. I only gave it to her so she wouldn't be shitty at me as at the end of the day she is addicted to smoking and I don't want to have to put up with that shit. So I gave her what I had left and told her I wasn't going to smoke any more.  
  
A couple of days ago she asked id I could buy her a pouch of tobacco. I was seeing red and curtly told her I dont smoke any more and this was to be the last time I will ever spend a cent on smoking. So I got it for her and told her again, last time ever buying smoking stuff.  
  
Been fine since then, havent really told anyone I've quit besides my mother (who is now trying Champex or whatever and asked me for money for anti-nausea medications ffs). One aquantence did offer me a cigarette and I told them I'd quit and after I said I'd been using the nicotine-oil they laughed and said 'Oh so not real quitting? Go on take one' etc... God that pissed me off. They kept trying to tempt me with a cigarette and downplaying the fact I quit.  
  
But yeah, 9 days since my last cigarette. Never thought I'd quit to be honest. Feels good. Not saving any money just yet because I bought my mother that pouch, but hopefully I'll be able to save a bit of money soon!