In case anyone needed another reason to stop smoking. My friend just lost everything but his life in a house fire two days ago. Here is his Facebook post about it, just know this could happen to anyone. Please be safe.

I wanted to take a moment and thank everyone who has offered Aria and me encouragement and support.  The last 48 hours have been some of the hardest of my life.  I’ve felt a lot of things, starting with shock and panic, followed by grief and guilt, then disbelief, embarrassment, and then I didn’t feel anything for a while.  

I’ve never been in a house fire before and I couldn’t believe how fast it all happened.  It seemed at first it was just a small fire we could have stopped with a bucket or two of water.  And then the next moment our kitchen window broke and flame and smoke started bellowing in.  That’s when we knew we had to evacuate, our brains kind of went into survival mode.  I had two thoughts, one was Candy is on the bed, and I had to get out.  I grabbed Candy, Aria grabbed Jimin and we ran outside.  I had left Sophie and hoped if she got down low she’d be okay until the fire department got there.  

Unfortunately the house filled with smoke almost immediately and I debated running back to find her, I knew where she’d be hiding, I could’ve gotten her in ten seconds.  I was still in survival mode and in that state of mind going back into an environment too hot and filled with smoke was not going to happen.  It feels wrong to stand outside while the cat you’ve loved for 12 years is left in a burning building, once the fire department arrived I let them know we had a cat and what particular room she would be hiding in.  

They did find her quickly once they got inside, she only would have been exposed to the smoke for five minutes at most.  Unfortunately, despite their attempts of resuscitation, Sophie succumbed to smoke inhalation.  I felt a lot of guilt for leaving her in, and I understand I may not have made it out if I had gone in after her.  I’m sure I’ll be dealing with that guilt for sometime, and I will miss her for the rest of my life. 

The biggest blessing of the night was Zoey staying with my mother for the week.  She avoided the possibility of physical harm and the trauma the experience would have brought her.  Of our possessions, her’s being lost upset me the most.  These were things given to her before birth in some cases.  Some of her favorites are fine, some may be repairable, and some are just lost.  Most of her books are in enough shape they can be used.  Of our books, the bottom row of our book shelf didn’t completely burn.  A few of them were salvageable.  It was hard to see the charred frame of the her trampoline, or her scorched and warped swing set.  Anything on the porch was completely destroyed, and things close by weren’t much better.

I regret that I’ve ever started smoking, and regret that I didn’t stop when Zoey was born, I did cut down; never in the car, never around her, try to change clothes after.  I was already so close to quitting, one or two a day, maybe three or four on a bad day.  Unfortunately that night, I “carelessly smoked” and put my butt out in the bucket we use for cigarette butts.  I don’t know why I didn’t put it out, maybe I thought I did but failed to check.  I’m sure I started the fire that burned my house, destroyed my family’s possessions, and claimed the life of my cat.

It’s sad all this had to happen, but I’m quitting, not just because of this, but because it’s unhealthy and lessens your quality of life.  I will say if you are a smoker, respect the power of fire.  Even the tiniest piece of burning tobacco can start a fire big enough to destroy your home.  Dispose of your butts safely  and appropriately, make sure they’re out.  A bucket with sand or water would have prevented our accident.  It’s fire, don’t play with it.

Again, I want to thank everyone who has supported and encouraged us through the difficult process of starting over.  Once things begin to settle down I’ll be getting personal thank you cards out.  Thank you everyone, so much.