First time in about 1.5 years that I've been nicotine-free of my own will

*meant to say that I've been nic free for over 24 hours of my own will*

I started vaping sometime late in 2015. Then I switched to dipping (this surprises many since I'm female haha), which I did for the first half of 2016. I then vaped and smoked. The most I got to was half a pack a day, which isn't much to some, but I still felt like a slave to it. When I had to move back home with family in April of this year, I only smoked a few cigs a week, if that, since they didn't know I had even started.

My ex was a regular, pack-a-day smoker, so I started again when I met him in August. We broke up in late September/early October, then got back together on the 22nd of last month. We then broke up last Saturday, when I realized I had been impulsive and I was spiraling out of control. I had also been smoking a lot of weed with my ex, and he was the one who took me to a bar on my birthday (the day we got back together). This led me to start drinking. Not heavily, but I was starting to feel that itch for it. 

Anyways, when we broke up nearly a week ago, I had realized I need to detoxify every aspect of my life. So I stopped drinking and smoking weed, I don't have the money for them right now anyways, and I also stopped smoking cigs. I still had my vape setup, but yesterday, I gave a friend that and my e-juice so she could throw it away for me. I was afraid I'd get so desperate for nicotine that I'd dig it out of the trash. I've gotten so sick of feeling like I need any kind of substance to help me cope with difficult circumstances. 

I did have a bit of a breakdown today because of some things that had been building up and being on edge, since I haven't vaped since yesterday afternoon. Despite that, I'm proud of myself for putting my foot down and saying no to myself. Even just a week ago, I don't think I would have believed you if you'd told me that I would be going clean from everything. It's a huge victory for me!