Trying to encourage my BF to quit before our daughter is born

Like the title says, I'm trying to encourage my boyfriend to stop smoking prior to the birth of our daughter . We have been together for 2.5 years and I am 6 months along with our daughter (his first). 

He smokes about a pack a day of camel crush. That's typical ..increases if/when he smokes or is around friends . 

In September he got a wicked chest cold and decreased his amount smoke by alot. Also told me he had stopped but apparently began hiding his smoking from me until I caught him one day. Now over the last two weeks .. even though he says it's decreased it is/had become  about a pack a day again . 

He had a chronic dry cough . Coughs while he is smoking. Coughs when he wakes up. Etc etc . 

When I have shared concerns about it , I have just been told that " he can't stop"  and is apparent that he won't. I have mentioned vaping as I used to be an avid vaper for the last 2 years. I have all the equipment he needs for a great setup to transition. 

Now.. I know that any person with an addiction you can't just will them to quit. I have tried to be supportive .. I have recommended different things.. it's just not helping and me talking to him about it just shuts him down to the point of not wanting to talk about it.

I am genuinely concerned about his health. I literally have mild panic attacks when i see him smoking because all I can think about is our daughter and her losing her father too soon.

Are there recommendations for me as a concerned partner on what I should do? Should I just sit by and watch him kill himself ? How do I speak to him without seeming naggy and having him understand my concerns for his health ? He had always poopoo'd me when I have mentioned anything about doctors ..dentists...etc. especially since he had a couple different conditions that need to be checked out regularly... But has not seen a doctor since we began dating .

I hate having these feelings of complete helplessness and that the continuation of smoking is just selfish and being chosen over our child .. I know I know.. I blame pregnancy hormones for the last one .

Any help is appreciated. I'm trying to clear my feelings about this. 

