100 days and I'm still going strong.

Yeah, this has happened

I've somehow managed to reach 100 days  with no nicotine, no cigarettes, I've even turned down free cigarettes. I mean what the actual fuck!

I can honestly say that without this sub I wouldn't have made it, although I rarely comment I make a point to try and read every post that people make and believe me it makes a big difference and motivated me when times were hard. 

I'm not going to lie and say it has been easy. I had to use a lot of willpower, especially in the first few weeks. Most of the time I was okay but when work got hard that's when I struggled. The thing I had to watch out for was being tricked by my own brain. 

"Yeah, 2 weeks, you've earned a cig."

Shut up fuck face.

"50 days, you're out with the boys, have a drag mate"

How about I treat myself to nice gin and tonic instead dickhead. 

Things like that.

It can be dangerous.

Even this morning, within 90 minutes of 100 days and I was craving because work pissed me off, I had to re do work that someone should have already done and already been flagged up by my supervisor, safe to say I was pissed off.

However, 100 days is 100 days!

I have much better sleeps, I don't wake up with a throat full of shit. I've restarted my running programme with an eye on a 10k in the spring. My clothes don't have that stale smell anymore. And I have a shit ton of money than I used to have, £650 to be exact.

If I can do it, you can do it, don't give up and keep fighting this shitty addiction. 

Here's to the next 100.

Edit: Thank you all for your kind words, it's been a rollercoaster.

If I can offer any advice to anyone who's struggling with cold turkey. Go to a stop smoking clinic, I'm not sure what they do exactly in other countries but in the UK they have free ones you can attend on the NHS. They sit you down and have a nice chat with you, get you fill out a questionnaire so they can get to the root of why you smoke, what triggers you and what your behavioural habits are, and then try to help you change these over the next couple of weeks, with regular check ups on progress. With me it was driving to and from work was the biggie, I was given an inhalator and patches and very quickly went cold turkey. 

So if you take anything away, go and see the shrinks to get you on the right mind. If I had to quit again, it would be through them.

Also, take chewing gum everywhere with you in the first month, just normal gum. Every craving brought a fresh stick of gum. When I went out drinking I fired through them constantly. But now I can drink all night and not worry about caving in, it's more of an idle whim rather than a banging headache craving. I went on a lads holiday to Denmark and drank every day and didn't smoke. I was close once but gum saved me.

My rant is over.  Good luck everyone!!!