My Grandmother died.

Apologies for a long post but I need to get this off my chest. 

I got to nearly 20 days, a week cold turkey too, the furthest I've got in years. I was feeling really good and felt like nothing in the world would stop me.

I worked out that roughly every 3 days I was saving £20 and I was taking it out when the meter clicked over on my stop smoking app so I could see it build up on my bedside table to keep me motivated. 

My Grandmother turned 78 on June 22nd. She had just come back from a 4 day break away at the seaside. 

2 days later on Saturday I received a phone call from my Dad telling me she had been taken to hospital with a shortness of breath, he wasn't too worried and neither was I. Although she had a heart attack 18 months ago, had a history of breathing difficulties, withered away in the last 5 years since my grandfather passed and refused to listen to the advice of family and certain doctors, she had a bit of her old spunk back in her, tottering around to the shops and doing things she enjoyed rather than sitting in her chair while we were at work.

I rang her on Sunday and she didn't seem overly coherent on the phone which got me a little bit worried, unfortunately I work 200 miles away so I couldn't go and see her when I wanted so I asked work for the next Thursday/Friday so I could spend some time with her in the Hospital. I told my Dad to keep a close watch on her and let me know if something goes wrong. 

On Tuesday, my dad rang me and said she's gone down hill, the nurses had told him she doesn't have much time left. I spoke to work and left at 12.30 and foolishly shot up the motorway at 90/100 mph to get there. 

When I got there it hit me harder than I expected, I was the last to arrive and my family was all gathered round. They told me that they were worried she wouldn't wait for me but she did wait and I got to have a little chat with her. She looked like a shell of the woman she had been the last time I saw her 2 weeks prior. I kept it together until she got me confused with my brother. She had COPD (Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Disease) which meant her lungs couldn't remove the CO2 from her system so her brain was slowly getting poisoned as time went on.

We left her for an hour so we could eat and I could shower, we went back and she was asleep, we got a coffee and checked on her again, still asleep. We don't think she woke up again.

My brother and I went for a beer and catch up in the evening, we got back from the pub and watched TV together, we got a phone call at about midnight.

By the time we got to the hospital, she had passed and was laying there in the hospital bed. 

I broke down, borrowed a cigarette form my Dad after about 15 minutes, the rest of the week revolved around crying, sorting out my grandmothers things, drinking heavily and smoking a lot. 

I went back to work on Monday thoroughly depressed and carried on smoking, by Friday I was in much better spirits however I continued to drink smoke. The funeral was last Tuesday, I wore my uniform to it and was surprised how snug fitting it was, due to the recent bad lifestyle choices.

I went back to work on Thursday, I had decided I would make a change after the funeral and stop smoking again, however I failed, hard. I've decided to wait until today to stop. 

My Grandmother wouldn't want to see me languishing in self pity, today is the day I buck my idea's up, I've already started eating healthily again, running, cut down on my drinking and with my patch on this morning I had my last cigarette last night.

I suppose my main point is that I got kicked by life, like the song Don't forget the sunscreen, our real problems blindside us at 4pm on Tuesday afternoon and that it's okay to fail occasionally. We are all human and as long as we kick back when we get kicked then we'll be okay, I'm now back in the right frame of mind to smash this addiction.

TL:DR Grandmother died, I wallowed in self pity and now I'm back to smash this addiction.