Just passed the 8 month mark, two pieces of advice that helped me immensely.

Hey guys I just passed the 8 month mark without a cigarette and figured I'd share two of the things that have helped me immensely in quitting.  I, like a lot of people, had many attempts at quitting followed by many relapses and the subsequent self hate that people here are far too familiar with.  For me, I realized part of the problem was that I was telling myself I would quit "tomorrow" or along those lines, which just made it so easy to postpone that day indefinitely if I felt I needed a cigarette.  So, the first thing I did was in April of last year I told myself I was going to quit on July 1st.  I would think about July 1st every time I lit a cigarette and as time passed my resolve and conviction strengthened.  I slowly started to look forward to the day cigarettes would no longer control me and my growing disgust at every subsequent cigarette only strengthened that resolve.  Then, July 1st rolled around and I was prepared, I had made sure all tobacco was out of my possession and I haven't looked back since.  

However, the most important thing I think I did was telling no one of my goals.  It's extremely tempting, once you've decided to quit, to tell your close friends and family of your decision because of course you're proud of yourself for having arrived at such a momentous turning point in your addiction. Yet, both from personal anecdote that [research](http://berkeleysciencereview.com/when-telling-others-about-your-goals-compromises-them/) seems to corroborate, I can say that whenever I would tell someone I was going to quit, and would be congratulated as a result, that feeling of pride from having actually accomplished nothing actually led me far quicker back to a relapse.  When I quit this time I vowed to tell no one until the 6 month mark so I would have something to show for my actions and it worked!  Anyway, I truly believe you all here have the strength and conviction to follow through with your goals and I wish you the best of luck.