Quitting through tramua

I started smoking late in college, I'm 30 now and about 5 weeks clean. I don't think I saw it as a problem until I was around 26 and became tired of the cravings, ashamed of the smell, and worried that it was becoming a lifelong habit. 

 

At the time, my buddy - who picked up the habit as a medic in Afghanistan, had recently quit (he was a year older than me). He kept finding himself in the hospital with extreme, aggravated coughs and respiratory problems. The doctor told him he would keep finding himself in the hospital as long as he kept smoking. And so my buddy quit then and there, he hasn't slipped. Fuck me if we couldn't all use a little more army discipline. 

 

His story of being scared into quitting stuck with me and for months afterwards. At the time, I was still smoking and telling myself I would only ever successfully quit if I had a similarly traumatic experience.

 

That summer, this same friend of mine and a large group of us went to the beach to celebrate my birthday and me leaving town to go to my dream grad school across the country. To commemorate this next step into adulthood and professional development, we drank tequila, smoked weed, and ate ceviche on the beach all long. Late in the evening, while the effects were waning, but my body was no doubt dehydrated, I went to grab a smoke. As soon as I inhaled my second or third drag, I felt light headed. My vision blurred - then went black, as I fell on the ground.

 

I woke up in a hospital bed, where a nurse told me I had had a seizure, but all my signs had returned to normal and I that I would be let out as soon as I was felt OK. Back to my senses a day or two later, I blamed the seizure on the cigarette (or at least identified the cigarette as the catalyst) and vowed to quit.

 

Fast forward a couple of years and I’m out of grad school, have a great job and have no ill effects from that day. I started smoking a few months ago whenever I drink but this New Year am kicking the habit for good! It’s only been five weeks and it’s been hard, but I’m committed.

 

I felt compelled to share because I feel I can’t be alone in having needing some big, scary moment to jolt me into quitting. I’m sure there are more of you out there with similar stories. Hopefully someone who reads this will slow down or quit before cigarettes send them to the hospital.   

 

TL: DR: A buddy of mine quit smoking when he kept ending up in the hospital every time he got sick. It inspired me to quit, but not enough until I ended up in the hospital myself. Don’t let this shit happen to you.  

