Non-smoker for well over a year, having such a hard time

And it's not the kind of hard time where I'm *this*close to buying a pack. It's just not really an option anymore. I officially stopped about 3 years ago and with the exception of a brief relapse of a couple months about a year and a half ago I've been smoke free. 

But I'm SO frustrated, the kind of stressed I used to be when I smoked. The kind of stressed that really feels like I need that RELEASE. I run pretty regularly and have exercised a few times this week (doing a mile per day for May Mental Health Awareness). It's like that feeling where it's going to rain outside and it just...never does. 

It's mostly been because of work. I'm not slow at my job, I don't think, but my coworker does everything better and faster than me. It's very frustrating. I also am about to finish work on a project but it'll take a few months. So I'll essentially be working two full time jobs again. 

I know I'm a recovering nicotine addict because still to this day, my body thinks there's just something magical that will make me calm. I can't help but miss all the 'positives' of smoking. Just goes to show you how truly addicting cigarettes are. 

I suppose I should meditate or something but yeah, it's feeling like I have that pit in my stomach/chest and I need it to go away. Cigs used to do that for me. But at the same time, because of cigs, I never learned to just LIVE with discomfort. It's a lot like mobile phones these days. We, as people, just never have to sit and be miserable. Always looking for an escape or comfort. And for me, for over 10 years, it was cigs. I loved everything about it and quit for my now wife. I think though, that I never fully realized the part of it where I was also quitting for myself. Thankfully that part came kind of naturally, because I don't want to go back to that life. I just do pine over the idea of smoking, you could say. 

We'll see how I feel after my run today! Wish me luck. And good luck to all of you.