I closet smoked for 12 years, and it contributed heavily to an anxiety/panic disorder

A bit of a back story - my parents both smoked cigarettes when I was a kid. My dad quit when I was probably about 5, and my mom still smokes to this day. I’m 32 years old (male). I had hated smoking when I was a kid, yet, was always intrigued by it. What did it feel like? What did it taste like? It obviously made people feel good, or else they wouldn’t do it, right?

When I was about, I dunno, 6 years old, I had this plan that when my mom threw a cigarette on the ground to dispose of it, I would sneakily grab it and try it. I was successful and brought it back behind the snack bar of our local baseball field, where we were at the time. My dad caught me before I did anything with it, and yelled at me pretty fiercely. It was really scary and really shocked my system. I was so embarrassed and ashamed of myself.

Flash forward to the age of maybe 13 or 14, and the urge to try smoking would return over and over again. I would concoct other plans to try to steal a cigarette from my grandmother or cousin, or whoever wouldn’t likely notice a cigarette was missing. I found a really old pack under my mom’s bed and tried it one night when everyone was gone. I’m actually realizing now how much time I spent by myself when I was a kid. Anyway, I tried this old cigarette - who knows how old it was, and thought it tasted disgusting. I remember trying to inhale it but don’t remember coughing. I remember it feeling fairly pleasant, but that my body felt rushed. I felt like my curiosity was satisfied. No need to do that again.

The urge to try it again never really went away. "Well I still didn't really grasp what's so great about it." Months went by and I remember trying it again, this time stealing a cig from my older cousin. This one did make me cough a bit. Anyway, this cycle would continue off and on until I was 18 years old. Literally the first day I turned 18, I bought a pack of my own. I kept trying to smoke, in private, for a long time. I’d try it once a month as something fun, and then soon it was a weekly reward for myself, until I hit a point in college where I finally felt what true addiction was.

I’ll never forget it. I was in our commons area in college at a video game tournament, and all of a sudden I felt like my skin was going to JUMP out of my body. I got these strange creepy crawlies that I had never felt before. I knew I needed to smoke. Satisfying that craving was unlike anything I had ever experienced before. From that point on, and for about the next 10 years, I’d smoke a couple cigarettes a day, and eventually about half a pack a day, ending about 2-3 years ago.

All this time, I had always hid my smoking. I had to structure my day around it. In regards to the other people in my life, I had their schedules memorized. I knew where they’d be so I could sneak around. I knew how the wind flow worked in my old bedroom so I could smoke out the window. I spent money on cigs when I REALLY couldn’t justify it. I was always late to functions so that I could schedule time to smoke and “clean up” before hand. I spent so much money on gum, mints, lotions, everything. It was my LIFE. I stressed over it all the time. 

But I also LOVED smoking. I loved everything about it. I only hated what other people thought about it. If smoking was acceptable, I would’ve just been open with it. However, I couldn’t tarnish my image. I couldn’t let people know that I smoked. I also, unfortunately, couldn’t let people know that I had developed some kind of sexual attraction to it. I had inadvertently developed some sort of smoking fetish that complimented my secret habit. So, for over ten years, I had anxiety regarding people finding out, about me hiding it all the time, and eventually, having to smoke knowing that my girlfriend hated it.

About 2-3 years ago (I honestly can’t remember at this point), I quit smoking following a big fight with my her, my now wife. The fight wasn’t even about smoking in particular, but I had become fed up with having to hide it all the time, and I came to the realization that it was really quite a selfish habit on my part, and I couldn’t deal with the guilt anymore. I was selfish in many regards with my life with her, and smoking seemed like the best way to really let myself into her life and be with her fully. I relapsed about a year later, only to stop before my now wife found out. I relapsed again the following year, for a couple months, until my wife did find out, and I was confronted with the decision to stop again. I simply couldn’t live with a habit that prevented me from kissing my wife, you know? Why would I want to do something that makes me feel like I can't even kiss her? That's what really has helped me stay quit for most of this time. I haven't smoked for longer than a couple months in 3 years. I think the last time I smoked was last September, 2017? And before that it was a long time as well.

Also over the past 2-3 years….I’ve had more anxiety than I’ve ever had in my entire life. I seemingly do not know how to deal with anxiety and stress. I think about wanting to smoke all the time, about wanting it to curb the pit in my stomach I’ve had in the past. I’ve used antidepressants in the past and found that they don’t jive well with me. They typically wind up making me tired and also taking away a special spark in my eye, a spring in my step. I felt like I lost a piece of myself on anti-depressants. Which is weird, because I feel like I also felt like I lost a bit of myself when I stopped smoking. I seemingly have a super hard time just being myself, without some “cure-all” to help myself get through every day life.

I have to wonder - have my years of closet smoking developed into some kind of full on anxiety issue? I honestly have so much trouble with certain issues, lately relating to my job and career choice. I can’t seem to settle on anything, and I worry CONSTANTLY about money and my future. I’ve had therapy before we moved, but I’ve also come to the conclusion that therapy has been a double edged sword to me. The topics introduced in therapy are helpful, but I often leave therapy at the office and use it as a crutch every week to feel better.

I don’t know what the point of this rant is, necessarily. Perhaps it’s to warn about how psychoactive smoking is? I feel like for years, I could put up with a LOT of crap in my life because “Hey, at least I get to smoke.” I’ve had jobs that I hated, but smoking was the silver lining because I could smoke freely on breaks and not have to hide so much. Smoking like...represented this other person that I wanted to be. I was truly free, in a way. I was getting to do what I wanted to do. Really though, I know in my brain that I was trapped to chemicals and routines, and that my addiction blew up into a full on obsession.

I worry that this period of my life has really impacted my ability to handle anxiety and stress like a fully functioning adult. Really, being an adult SCARES me, and I shy away from making important sacrifices and decisions. I HATE that the only times I’ve felt like I haven’t had this CHRONIC worry have been times that I was smoking.

I remember being really nervous last year, because I had left a job and started working as an Uber driver. I didn’t make much money as an Uber driver, but you know what...I did start sneaking cigarettes because I was out of the house so much. It turned into a full on relapse, and I LOVED working as an Uber driver because I could get my hits and rushes of nicotine all day without worry. But, I still DID worry because I had to hide it from my wife. Of course, she found out, and it blew up in my face. I was so mad I had to stop again, yet relieved that I didn't have to live two lives at the same time - one smoking life and one non-smoking life.

Anyway, All of this is really just to say that I think my years of closet smoking have developed into a fully blown anxiety disorder. I’ve known this for some time, but after a couple of years of not smoking, I was hoping that I would be able to cope on my own better. Still though, I find myself having that “pit” in my stomach that used to go away after having a cig. And it sucks. I'll continue to exercise to try to help, but I have to be careful not to use that as yet another simple "cure-all." It's just amazing how this habit has really impacted my ability to emotionally and intellectually deal with issues.