Looking for advice,&amp; just talk

Hey, my name is Royce I'm 23, in college, and have smoked on and off since I was 17. I'm going to tell my story, it will probably be long I'm long winded in thought and words, this is in most part for me. Typing it out and putting it out there may give me perspective, and make me think it through, so TLDR; smoking was occasional, didn't have cravings or feel addicted. Started taking adderal two years ago and only have cravings when taking it, but it helps with school a lot. Started out slow then more and more.  let me know what helps you. What gave you the push to quit?

I started smoking when I was 17, bummed one cigarette from a friend as we all hung out around a fire pit in the back yard. Me and most of my friends weren't into smoking and drinking, we played video games and liked to go camping, not over achievers, not really "nerds" just a group of guys trying to have fun, and escape reality we lived in. All of us had our own problems at home, we were a tight nit group that held each other together. I began working at a local restaurant as a cook, making decent money I'd even say great money for a high school junior. Everyone who I worked with smoked, so every half hour to hour they would take a smoke break and I would be left inside working. So I started smoking but it was really only at work. No one else outside of work even knew about it, besides a couple of my close friends. It stayed like that for about a year, never craving could go weeks without smoking and not have a thought about it I only did it when I felt like it. I began working more, picking up shifts in the kitchen and waiting tables and smoking more but still what I considered manageable. Senior year I opened up, lost weight had a car,job, and started getting involved all over in many clubs. I made tons of new friends for better or worse started hanging out with more popular people getting invites to parties and smoking pot,drinking, and having fun. It really was fun looking back on it, it was an experience that shaped me in a lot of ways and getting the "party/clubbing" bug out of my system before college I made some good friendships that meant a lot to me at the time, helped me through rough patches but have not lasted like the bond I have with that initial group of guys. This amplified my smoking a lot, bc I hung out with more and more people who smoked. I finally got closer to a girl I had a crush on, she is amazing, we grew closer as friends and she helped me through one of the hardest times in my life when my best friend Patrick passed away a month before graduation. I went into a downward spiral smoking and drinking, getting high anything to numb the pain. She put a hand out and basically said I know you're better than this, I do not want you throwing your life away and I will not watch it so you can get your shit together and have me in your life or you can keep "having fun". That day I quit just about everything, went down to occasional drinking, no pot, but I still smoked tobacco at work. We are still happily together today going on 5 years this April, and she is still just as amazing as when we first met. Everything stayed the same I went to college, got a job at Texas Road house as a cook, worked 30-35 hours a week and went to school full time, smoking at work and when drinking at bars now. Stress fluctuated, I had my gallbladder removed that December fixing some mystery stomach pains(ended up being gall stones)  I was having all first semester, I started vaping after that and bumming at work, then I decided to get medication for my ADD, I was diagnosed as a kid but my mother did not believe in the medicine mostly bc of horror story's of ridlin kids. I got put on adderall and that started amplifying my smoking exponentially, still until that day I never had cravings I never felt addicted, or concerned this was 2 years ago and has only gotten worse to the point I am now, a combination of stress from school and money pushed me more and more. When I take adderall it makes me have horrible cravings and my will to resist had gotten lower and lower. Still if I do not take it, no cravings no withdrawal I can go weeks without smoking.The medicine helps a ton with school I can pay attention and focus and If I'm busy or in class I do not think about smoking. But the second I have free time boom I am smoking and even sometimes chain smoking. My drive has gone down, I'm in a low place, I am okay, but going through the motions. My smoking has come to a peak and I want to quit, but my will is weak. Typing this out lifted a weight off of my chest a little, and I thank you if you took the time to read it. I am not sure where to start, how to start not a lot of people can understand and not it seems like a simple solution, just stop. It feels like there is a boot on my back pushing me down and it is not all just from smoking but a combination of many things I'm looking for the first step and maybe this will be it, maybe it will open the flood gates and feel back to being me. I have to start somewhere so might as well start with my health and atleast breathe better and stop wasting money I don't have. Thanks again like I said I'm long winded but this helps maybe writing can be my outlet, who knows. 
-a guylooking for himself 