guide on how to survive the first most important 72 hours

Hello everyone!
first of all I'm very thankful for you all for this, you guy helped me a lot!
I am 4 days 2 hours sober as of now and it's all because of this forum. 

Here's my version of a small guide to survive the first 3 days... I am not an expert or something but my experience might help someone!

I relapsed two times after I quit, but third time worked
Day 0 : quit date 
Day 1 : chickened out, smoked one before going to office. one after returning. 
Day 2 : chickened out again, decided on my second cig of the day that it's my last! 
so let's reset the day count.

Day 1 : I wake up, scared that need to go to office but without nicotine. I take a bath calm a bit and leave. 
I reach, start my first convo in office, and faaaaak it is hard.
I'm super nervous, restless, stomach paining a bit, headache. shit. 
after a while I almost give up but then I had lunch that gave me some energy. I load up on orange juice. 
I try to focus on work but heads a little dizzy. 
Whole day I had high intensity cravings. 
I came back at 10pm, smoked 1/4th joint without tobaco and slept. 

Day 2 : I wake up, less dizzer head. sore throat. still intense cravings throughout the day. every time I had a craving I couldn't handle, I had juice. 
it helped telling coworkers I'm quitting. 
came back, smoked 1/4th joint , slept. 

Day 3 : woke up good! a bit of sore throat. head is no longer foggy, cravings are very very very less intense, lasts very small amt of time. 
sat with a guy while he was smoking, hated the smoke smell. Still some amount of juice. day is easier to pass. full focus on work. 
smoked 1/4th joint, slept. 

99% of nicotine out of my body!! yay!

Day 4 : Not a good morning, craving as soon as i woke up. no sore throat. calmed down after some time. body feels fine. everhthings a bit tastier. multiple weak cravings during the day easily beatable.
At the end of the day, one strong craving. my mind telling me that quitting is easy so maybe i can smoke for few months and then quit. 
I immeditely think, now or ill never quit. 
smoked 1/4th joint, wrote this post :D


age 23, smoker for 3 yrs. 
