Life without cigarettes sometimes feels like I’m walking on a tight rope. DAY 23. I’m doing this!! &amp; it’s not my first thought in the morning anymore.

I’m new to this community but I need to announce to you guys that I’ve actually stayed quit. I thought the first few days of withdrawal would be the hardest (not saying they weren’t brutal) but what’s actually more difficult for me is the aftermath of the withdrawal. In the days and weeks that followed my last cigarette, I expected it to be easier to STAY stopped, and while the physical cravings aren’t as persistent, the mental cravings definitely are! 
Reality is really setting in that the love/hate relationship I have with nicotine is done. I’m really proud of myself, but I sometimes do miss that crutch. I miss the smooth exhale. I miss the comfort of that long inhale to regulate any emotions, good or bad, that I’m feeling. at first I missed the ritual of having the cig or the vape during all the routines of the day, and in hindsight I can see that I clung to that addiction because it made me feel safe. I couldn’t really imagine what life would be like without my vape or cigarettes, as absurd as that sounds, and I’m here to tell you that it’s not scary on the other side! The idea that I need to smoke hits me hard now and then. I’ll get stressed after a tense argument with my boyfriend, I’ll go out with friends and want to soothe that nervous energy, or I’ll be unwinding at the end of the night and feel like I “earned” one. I stew in the frustration of not getting to have my fix, throw a mini tantrum, and then before I know it, the feeling has passed and the craving is done, and I feel a long lasting sense of accomplishment and satisfaction, which is better than that fleeting desire to get a quick head buzz. It’s like walking on a tight rope, and every day is a small victory. 

We all have a long list of reasons to quit. Non smokers don’t get it and they try to educate me on all the reasons I shouldn’t smoke- as if I’m not aware. Peoples feedback has made me realize how personal quitting has to be. Because I never wanted to become a slave to cigarettes and I never thought it would happen to me, and here I am seven years later, hooked on the comfort of nicotine. There are so many reasons to quit, but until I was ready, I didn’t care. Now that I’ve finally made the commitment to quit, I have to constantly remind myself of all MY reasons for wanting to stop. And that’s super empowering. In the end, I feel so incredibly good and I don’t want to give that up. I don’t want to fail this time. I really want this. 

Every single day I tell myself that if I need or want one bad enough, I can have one tomorrow. That is working for me, and it’s like I keep kicking the can down the road. 

That’s all for now you guys. I won’t smoke today! 