Anyone else shocked at how little difficulty they found?

I really don't mean to belittle the struggle of those that find it difficult to quit. Obviously it can be an insanely difficult thing to do. I just feel like sharing my incredibly easy experience, though, and I recognise that my experience is atypical. I'd also be interested to hear about if anyone else found it this effortless?

It's been almost three weeks since I went from 35-40 cigarettes a day to 0. In the beginning I had decided I was going to allow myself the occasional non-inhaled cigar, to help in case I was addicted to the ritual of smoking something, but after the first couple days I didn't even enjoy those anymore and I haven't had one since. The first two days of my quitting involved heavy drinking and I still didn't falter. 

Quitting wasn't even my goal. I enjoyed smoking and I had never even attempted a quit before in my 4-5 years of smoking (I just turned 24, fyi). My plan was to quit for a couple days to try and get down to a more reasonable amount of smoking. My target was 10-15 smokes a day. I found it so easy, though, that I just never picked it up again. 

I've had practically no cravings. Maybe a couple weak cravings in the first couple days. 0 that I can remember after that, though. The closest thing I ever feel to a craving is when I get done a huge meal where I've absolutely stuffed myself. I reflect on how perfect a smoke would have felt to me in my smoking days at that particular moment. I'm not even tempted a little bit, though, to actually do it.

My girlfriend helped a lot. She wasn't pushy about it, and didn't even ask me to quit, but her presence and her appreciation helped. I quit on her birthday (I didn't declare it a quit for sure, though, because I didn't think it was going to be a permanent one and I didn't want to get her hopes up) and she was really happy about that. I think that got me past the first few days when I still had 0 desire to quit entirely. Even though I wasn't feeling any cravings, I probably still would have resumed smoking again without seeing how happy she was about what I was doing, just because I like smoking. 

So yeah, that's what's up. I had always planned on quitting some day, usually picking a far-away age like 30 or 40 or something. I had envisioned that it was going to be some kind of heroic struggle. The whole quitting thing has been anti-climactic and I'm just sort of living my life as it always was, except with more pocket-money and breathing a little easier. And smelling a little better. And paying at the pump when I get gas, instead of having to go in for smokes. And when it gets down to -40C in the winter, this motherfucker is going to be indoors.

To any smokers reading this: there's no sense in my repeating all the shit you've already heard about how good it is to quit smoking. I feel like my main contribution I can make here is offering the possibility that you might give it a shot and find it as easy as I did. I mean fuck, I could have done this any time in the last five years and it probably would have been just as easy.

To those struggling with quitting smoking: I got lucky but I feel huge respect for your struggle, good luck!