How much money can you save if you stop smoking

Have you ever wondered if there is any relation between quitting smoking and saving money? In short, yes there is.
Most of the people would think that no longer buying cigarettes is the only way to save money after quitting smoking. However, there are many other ways that a smoker could save money by quitting smoking.

First, and the most obvious thing is that when a smoker quits smoking he/she saves money by no longer spending money on cigarettes. How much money could you be saving if you were not a smoker? If you smoke 1 pack of cigarettes per day on average, you could save over $1,000 a year. The more you smoke the more money you could be saving. So, not smoking is pocket-friendly.

Imagine yourself in a situation where you have to give away $1,000 or even $2,000. How much time will you take before taking any action? Add to that giving away this amount of money will not give you anything in return. Will you still consider that?
Basically, smoking is similar to burning money; it does not give anything in return. In fact, it damages your body and makes you dependent. 
How come you never thought that you are spending that much money on cigarettes? The answer is that simply for the reason that the spending is stretched out over a long period of time. So tracking the exact amount of money spent on tobacco can be difficult. However, you should do some calculations in order to give yourself a reality check.


Quitting smoking is also financially beneficial because you will be spending less on healthcare. Smokers suffer a lot of diseases such as lung cancer, leukemia, heart and lung diseases… If you do not feel that you suffer from an illness, that’s great! However, you should know that you will be affected in the future.


Also, smokers spend more on medications, hospital care, and surgeries. A typical smoker buys a lot of cough syrup and medications to fight sore throats. In addition to that, their dental health might be negatively impacted. To note, external organs like the teeth, gums, tongues… are easily affected by the smoke. A smoker might experience his/ her teeth falling, gum disease, or tongue cancer. Dental care is very expensive in most countries, and it is usually not covered by insurance. Moreover, teeth implant costs thousands of dollars, so you can imagine how much money you’ll be saving if you quit smoking.


There’s also a lighter factor that could affect your pocket if you quit smoking which is related to second-hand smokers. If a smoker smokes around the house, he/she will be damaging the health of those around him, thus, spending more money on healthcare. In fact, the smoke can affect second-hand smokers as much as it can affect smokers. Breathing the smoke itself is not the only harm, it sticks around the house: on the food, the bed, the couches, the walls… so toxic elements are present on the surface of objects and furniture which are always in contact with the residents of the house.


Also, a person who quits smoking will save money by no longer spending a lot on cleaning and hygiene. Cleaning the house of a smoker costs way more than one might think: the cleaning should be done more often so detergents should be bought frequently, sprays that eliminate the smokes are purchased a lot. Furthermore, smokers tend to spend more money on dry-cleaning, especially if they occupy an important professional position where they need to always look on point. Usually, dry cleaning for suits and formal dresses cost more than average clothes. Products related to dental hygiene, such as mouthwash, are more used by a smoker than a non-smoker.


Moreover, quitting smoking means selling your house or your car at a higher rate. Typically, properties owned by smokers, such as an apartment or a vehicle, are sold for less. If you could save $1,000 by not buying packs of cigarettes anymore, you could be saving much more if you were a non-smoker and selling an asset.


You should also take into consideration that a smoker doesn’t have a lot of choice in restaurants and cafes. Typically, good dining places are smoke-free environments in order to give the customers a great and healthy experience while giving a good image of the brand. Restaurants that are cheaper do not follow hygiene rules perfectly so they do not mind having smokers around. This means that smokers usually have breakfast, lunch, or dinner at unhealthy places.


Last but not least, quitting smoking could save you money by no longer spending a lot on smoking fines. In most countries, it is illegal to smoke in cars and public areas. A smoker receives these fines once or more per year. Depending on the country you live in, you could either save a symbolic amount of money or a lot!


In the end, one should know that the main reason for quitting smoking should be to pursue a better lifestyle. However, people think that they can somehow avoid sickness and disease. At least, there is the financial factor that could motivate them to stop smoking. We live in an era where healthcare is more expensive than ever and where smoking is more regulated, which is affecting your pocket a lot.


If you wish to stop smoking once and for all, think like this: “If smoking is harming me and those around me, and if it brings no benefit at all, why am I still a smoker?” Let the motto of your life be this way: let the steps that you want to take in life be beneficial for you and those around you because after all, we live in a society.


Quit smoking for a better health for you and your loved ones.