"Around" a year with no tobacco...I've almost forgotten about cigs, until I encounter smokers.

I used to do a lot of things with cigarettes - wake up, smoke weed, drive. I had to learn to do all of these things *without* cigarettes, and I hardly think about them anymore...until somebody doing any of these things with/around me starts to smoke.

I quit in January of 2015 and made it 5 months, until I attended a pagan gathering, where the smoking area frequently had spliffs (marijuana and weed rolled together) travelling around the circle. I hit some of them, and then I asked for a few drags of folks' cigarettes, and then I asked for a few cigarettes. I vowed to not keep going upon returning home.

Another pagan gathering at the same place in October was the setting of my next relapse, which was similar. Finally, in December, I found out my cousin smokes, and I joined him for five or six cigarettes while staying at his place over winter break. I smelled like smoke when my girlfriend picked me up, and it was discouraging as hell. She wasn't judgemental, and understood, but encourages me to stay (tobacco) smoke free because she knows it makes me feel like crap the next day, both mentally and physically.

So, I guess my badge doesn't *fully* reflect how long I have been "without" tobacco, because I had probably a pack's worth of cigarettes in 2015, but I'm still setting it to January 1st of this year, because that's when I had my last cigarette. I used to see people's triple-digit badges and question if I was able to do it, but I know that 2016 will be my year. 

Question to those who have been free a long time: does it get easier to not ask to bum a drag or a cigarette while around smokers? I'm part of the LGBTQ+ community, so it's something that (unfortunately) is all around me, and restructuring my friend group isn't going to happen. I hope I can serve as proof to some friends that it's possible to quit, even after smoking since one's youth, which is something that happens in a lot of marginalized communities (along with other substance use.) Thanks for reading my rambles if you got this far!

To other quitters: you can do this! I believe in you!