Rained in

A bit of a pointless vent here:

I stopped smoking a bit over two months ago, while simultaneously stopped drinking. Drink was the main issue, having dealt with crippling depression and alcoholism my entire adult life.

I was smoking a bit over a pack a day, two or three on weekend days. For the past year I struggled many times to quit both habits. Drinking was something I'd stopped doing a few times before, but smoking had always been out of the equation, second nature, never even thought of it until last november. That was my first ever attempt to quit, went cold turkey and made it through only a week.

But after that a few similar attempts followed, and since every month or so there was a week or a few days where I wouldn't smoke. Nothing lasted though, as I'd quickly find myself buying a pack during a booze binge.

The day I decided to become sober, I chainsmoked my way through what was left of the pack I had and decided that would be the end of that, too.

Quitting drunking was fairly easy this time, and the clarity it brought gave me the needed strength to make quitting smoking seem easy too. It's as if something had finally clicked, something that told me that I wouldn't find what I was looking for if I just kept myself in a state of constant inebriation.

I quickly started taking better care of myself, eating better, going for walks. After two weeks I realized I could probably give running a try, given that it's something I'd always wanted to do but always had smoking and my consecuently shitty lung capacity to use as an excuse. So I did, and it was wonderful. I really enjoyed it, even went too hard on it at the begining as it calmed my anxiety in ways smoking never could.

After a bit over a month of running, this monday I decided to go for a long run, and did 14k in 1 hour 44mins, which was pretty good for me, but left me depleted. I decided to stop running for at least two days. Thursday came and I couldn't go for a run as it was raining heavily all day. That paired up with a stressful work week (shitty situations with one of my clients) and bubbling realizations of my early life. I had a bit of a mental breakdown that night, went out for a walk to try and regroup mentally. I passed through a 24/7 store and bought a couple of spare smokes, which I then quickly consumed. I felt at ease, and they helped me calm down, and I knew while smoking them though that the plan was to go back to not smoking the day after.

Today it was still raining, couldn't run, and even though I'd tried to make my peace with what had gone down I was still dwelling on it. Decided to buy a couple of spares more and return to not smoking tomorrow, but when at the store a shitty mind game kicked in at the last second and I asked for a pack instead.

Now I've smoked almost all of it. I realize I fucked up, but see no point in throwing away the few that are left, so I'll probably smoke them now and go to sleep.

Tomorrow I plan on going back to not smoking.

Sorry if there's not much point to this tale, but I haven't spoke much about quitting smoking or drinking with anyone (the town I'm at doesn't have AA, which is a real shame) and I had to vent a bit. Also sorry if my english fails at times.

I hope you are all still on track, and thanks for reading!