Cravings after two years tobacco free

I'm 21 years old.  Been smoking since I was 13, roughly a half pack to a full pack a day.  Stopped about two years ago.  It was shitty at first but I kept reminding myself I don't want to die at age 40 so I pushed through the initial temptations.  After a few months it became really, really easy.  

Until recently.  I took a few puffs on a cigar the other day because it was my friend's last day at school and he wanted to enjoy one with me.  I didn't think twice about it..just figured, as long as I don't inhale, one cigar smoke is not going to turn into anything..

Now a little less than a week later, I am being bombarded by thoughts of cigarettes in every passing moment.  And it's weird, it's not even the *craving* to smoke per se, I still hate the idea of smoking, and I want to stay healthy and I know it would kill my lungs to have a few puffs on a cigarette, but the mere *thought* of having a cigarette right now is enough to send me into a full panic attack.  I am being tormented by just the idea, the possibility, that I could go back to cigarettes if I decided I wanted to.

For the first two years after smoking, these kind of thoughts didn't bother me.  I don't know what's happening now. I mean, I do get plenty of anxiety, but never would I think that I'd become trapped in this cycle of anxiety about going back to cigarettes. The constant thought process actually leads to craving.

It's fucked up.  I don't know what to do. It's not easy to dismiss the thoughts..based on how often they are coming up, and how my heart jumps a little every time I see someone smoking, it feels as though I actually smoked a cigarette, even though I didn't.  

A week ago this would have been unfathomable that this would be happening in my mind right now.  In the past two years, I'd almost forgotten cigarettes existed.  Now I'm reminded of them every time I wake up in the morning and go to bed at night and have a meal during the day, etc.  

Can anyone else relate?