What I can`t stand about Allen Carr

Is that he acts too much butthurt about nicotine. If he actually was over it, he would be ignoring the whole addiction story and cigarettes instead of dedicating his life to hate on them which such passion and coming up with the whole consipracies paranoias about "being the greatest scam/trap in human history" and whatever. Also, it's pathetic having to hate on all smokers in the same way or seeing them as retards or slaves. What a sad way of seeing the world after quitting must have been his own, judging people depending on wheter they smoked or not. Also, it's obvious that his arguments are a way of coping with the fact that he denied himself not to smoke ever again: "people only smoking in the weekend or at parties are also addicts and you shouldn't envy them" lol, whatever you say buddy, it's like calling me an alcoholist because I get drunk with my friends at parties while I hate drinking alone or even with meals. Also, it's not true that the chemicals in cigarettes don't give you anything, it's just another coping mechanism like the fox who can't reach the grapes. The first cigarette I actually smoked in my life was awesome, it wasn't cool because it was filling an unexistant preexisting addiction or withdrawal (like Allen says), and it gave me that awesome rush that not everybody gets (other reason for individual differences in addiction) which brought me to laugh like a retard in front of my already smoker buddies who were there at the table. I was particularly sensitive to the chemicals (I guess that was more due to the nitric oxide in cigarettes) and got hooked instantly and suddendly I understood why smokers smoked. For me, that cigarette gave me a boost to my boring asocial nerd life, it made me find an outlet, an excuse to be around people and to enjoy them more. If I hadn't started smoking, I would have had a completely different life, probably much more boring, since it opened me to a completely different lifestyle from the one I was used to, being the shy nerd who only studied and didn't understand anything about women or fun.

Now the point is, everybody is different, I spent my university years drinking a lot but I never became an alcoholist. Many people I know smoked socially during their young years when smoking actually matters to bond with others, and then had no problems to quit. There is no need to be butthurt and say all smokers are addicts in the same way because it's simply not true. If you want to quit smoking, you are doing it for a reason. I personally want to quit because it's ruining my looks, it's making me anxious and neurotic and depressed (much more important things) and it's not a social thing for me anymore. For me it's a drug now, I am like a heroin addict, chasing that bliss I got with the first cigarettes or later with the ones I craved after long time I didn't smoke (I remember those cigarettes after 48 hours of sobriety, one of them led me and my ex-gf to have mindblowing sex). And also I hate myself because I could never quit smoking for an acceptable time period after having promised myself to do it, starting again everytime with the double dose. I have become a nicotine junkie filled with guilt everytime I say "this is my last cigarette" and then smoking again after 2 hours. Read "Zeno's conscience" to understand what I mean. It really can ruin your self-respect and self-esteem when you get at my levels, couple it with smoking induced hair thinning and hair greying, red eyes, sick skin, inability to tan properly and always being pale due to vasoconstriction in the face, gaunt face due to adsorption of facial fat and eye bags and weird circles for various vascular and metabolism related reasons (add in coffein cross-dependancy for increased effects), and you get your self-esteem destroyed. People think I'm a drug addict when they see me, even if I never touched anything apart from marijuana and alcohol.

But I'm not kidding anyone. I would love to be young again, smoking cigarettes with a bad boy aura and enticing the women. I'd prefer to be that instead of a boring only-shirt average dude getting ready for his 9to5 job until retirement, who never took a puff because "daddy said not to". Allen Carr talks about "brain-washing", but nobody gives a fuck that society is brain-washing people to see the good looking dude with the cigarette as a bad-boy not-to-fuck-with fun-guy or whatever stereotype you want, it's simply so. It's like saying society is brainwashing women to think that miniskirts are attractive and make men horny, it might be true but it just is, or that skinny women are more attractive than fat ones, it just is. There is no reason to want to see it as brain-washing. The only reason is as EXCUSE for you being unable to cope with the fact that you are quitting smoking and you won't touch cigarettes again. 

Now of course, if you are over 30 and over with the young careless life of fun, or if you are in a bad situation like me where cigarettes are controlling your life, then there is no reason to go on with smoking. I think this is the healthiest thing you can do to yourself to quit, instead of finding strange coping mechanisms that bring you to do weird compensating stuff like trying to destroy the cigarette industry, or hating on other smokers. You simply accept that if you are a heavy smoker or a long term smoker, there will be a brief painful period of metabolic readjustment, that even Allen Carr can't change. You go through it and get smoke free.

If you are young and for example without family or still in college, there is no damn reason not to smoke. The only intelligent thing to do is to avoid smoking alone like an idiot, smoking too much, or generally using cigarettes as a cope mechanism for life's pains. I always was a shy guy, and still am, and was unable to cope with my emotions and always used cigarettes to hide them and to avoid them. And that's one of the reason why I'm so addicted.

So I want to quit smoking, but I know that I'm not losing anything because as I said before, smoking brings me nothing anymore. But it used to bring me things and cool experiences and people. 

Just wanted to clear these fallacies about Allen Carr's, reasons why his book never convinced me in the first place anyway. I'm a doctor by the way so I know what I'm talking about. 

Have a nice day.