can't believe I'm about to hit the 30 day. Had no cravings whatsoever. Allen Carr was right.

I used to bash Allen Carr but it was probably the addiction talking. I never actually even read his book, then just decided to do it because I really wanted to stop smoking.

Bam, quit smoking after a 30 cig a day addiction for 10 years and after endless pathetic attempts where I ended up buying a pack after 3 hours of throwing one away.

Nicotine addiction is mostly in the mind and withdrawal has actually very mild symptoms. It's really mostly the brainwashing which makes you nervous.

What I noticed: I'm extremely more calm, no neurosis or anxieties anymore. Thoughts are clearer (I also used to drink 7 coffees a day just to have an excuse to smoke the cig afterwards). I used to have weird thoughts without sense when I was about to fall asleep or when waking up and still in that phase of half-sleeping half-aware. Now I have thoughts and dreams with sense. I can sleep much better and don't need 12 hours to feel rested (even before, if I slept 12 hours I would just wake up feeling sick). I can work without pause and even if I take a pause I just enjoy it without needing to poison myself. I can go out and enjoy the view without poisoning myself and just maybe sipping a hot cup of tea.

Even socially, I managed to do what I thought impossible on new years'eve: when everyone of my friends and family where going out every 10 minutes to smoke, I just went with them and chatted and didn't even feel the need to poison myself. I watched them and wondered what the fuck is the deal about the cigarettes. I even got drunk and went clubbing and didn't feel the need to do a puff.

other things I noticed is skin got a lot softer. Eyebags on the face have disappeared too. 

The thing about eating more is, in my opinion, a misunderstood myth. I feel like my appetite has finally normalized itself. The point is in the first days I actually needed to do breakfast otherwise I would get light-headed. This changed after a while now I don't need breakfast to feel normal but it helps loading up in the morning. When you smoke you can just mobilize the glucose and fat reserves thanks to the adrenergical activation induced by smoking. You might gain those 3-4 kilos but, unless you are eating to fill a supposed void of dopamine (binge eating, which is the bad thing) they are just a renormalization and change of homeostasis of your body. It's like your body moves on a scale and resets its base state on another level. A lot of the gained weight is also due to water storages refilling itself (in the skin too), since nicotine has also some diuretic effect. 

By the way don't want to get more boring than that now. I wish I had quit smoking long long time ago.