I binge smoked today

I waked up extremely relaxed, went out to have breakfast alone at Starbucks and it was awesome. I was simply so relaxed, walking normally without anger, looking at people and having normal body language which always gets ruined when I'm smoking due to adrenaline rushes. My brain started thinking how cool it would be if I had a cigarette since it would surely get me a high. I went into the shop after my cappuccino breakfast and bought a pack of winston. Bit off half of the filter and lighted up while standing outside the shop. As I was lightning up, a cute young girl said some compliment about me to her friend and was like "hey, maybe we should just stop here for a while" in front of me laughing, her friend grabbed her and went away. These things only happen when I'm smoke free for more than 24 hours, when I'm oxygenated, guilt-free and acting like a normal human being, noticing what happens around me much better. I started puffing and, 5 seconds later, the high hit me. It was one of those heavy highs that makes you want to take a sit and enjoy those 2 minutes of pleasure. There were no seats available so I finished my smoke and started walking away panting because of the pleasure. 
I honestly feel in these cases like a mini-heroin addict. Those who do heroin just lay on the ground for 8 hours. I would lay on the ground for 3 minutes instead. I think I'm just too sensitive to the chemicals in cigarettes.

Ten minutes later, I lighted up another one, and it already tasted like shit, but it was too late already. I wanted to chase the dragon which gets closer only when you aren't chasing him.

As I puffed, I asked myself if those 3 minutes every week or month or really depending on how much time I can stay nicotine free, are worth the toxic addiction which is ruining me physically and psychologically. 

Before I lighted up I asked myself: would I rather have a cigarette right now or an orgasm? The answer was immediate: I would much rather have a cigarette. 

And I was so relaxed that I even had forget or ignored the reasons I wanted to quit in the first place, all the pain that is accompaining me while I smoke and hate it and want to quit.

So, I smoked maybe 15 cigarettes in 4 or 5 hours, threw away the pack and went back to step zero. My brain rationalizes it saying it was a good learning experience, yeah whatever. 

I realized that I have to do a sacrifice. It's not entirely like Allen Carr says, that there are no benefits. The benefits are real. But maybe I'm just fooling myself, because I could get a similar high from sniffing poppers, which isn't really addictive, but it just doesn't click in that unperceptible way with my brain receptors as much as nicotine.

The sacrifice would be those 2-3 minutes of high every once and then, in exchange for a life of health and actual happiness and relaxation and ability to cope with life's problems, and enormous motivation more to do things and to interact with people in a better way, instead of thinking that my life's only objectives are reaching for a cigarette every 20 minutes. 

Spoken like this, any non-sick, non-addict, would think I'm crazy for even considering it as a sacrifice. Maybe after 3 days of suffering my newly oxygenated brain will return to earth and laugh at how retarded I was for even considering smoking again.