One Year - Farewell and my advice for resolutioners.

I've done it. I've quit smoking for one year. I downloaded the app, joined this subreddit and went cold turkey. Cold turkey may not be the best option for you, but it certainly was for me. I had tried to quit before, using the electronic cigarette and other methods, but I would eventually cave, finding reasons and excuses to continue to smoke.  

I eventually realized I was just going to have to do it. It wasn't part of any New Year's resolution. It just happened to be in early January that I made the decision to quit. The first few days were the hardest. I just told myself I would always be able to make an excuse for now is not the right time. I needed to just follow through. To prove to myself that I could.  

I had some serious milestones along the way.

Driving whilst not smoking was a difficult adjustment. I took a road trip from MI to TN for a funeral. I had my sister along, and without her there to judge me, I might have caved. With her there, it was a piece of cake. While in TN, I attended Bonnaroo. Knowing that I didn't smoke on the way down, there was no way I was going to smoke there, and I certainly didn't smoke on the way home. Though I did not listen to Tom Waits, who needs the extra trigger.
 
I can't believe I no longer require a cigarette after each meal. I started to eat lighter, because my brain had been wired to believe I needed a cigarette to relieve my feeling of being stuffed.

My advice is to stop making excuses. You'll always think you'll never get through your shift at work or a stressful moment without a cigarette until you do get through said moment without it.   

I chewed gum. My girlfriend was a big help throughout this whole experience.  Once she surprised me at work with a year's worth of gum. I eventually stopped needing the gum and passed out the remainder on Halloween.

Pick up the Allen Carr book. I didn't, but the general consensus is that it is invaluable. I'm just proof that it isn't necessary if you are truly ready to quit.  

There were two posts that really resonated with me. One by someone stating that the only time he thought about smoking cigarettes, was when he saw posts from this subreddit pop up on his front page. Which I have found true for me as well. It just reminds me that I am an ex-smoker and not someone who just doesn't smoke cigarettes. I wish to be done with this chapter of my life. I've quit. I wasn't a very active member of this sub, but it served its purpose and I'm ready to move on.  There is no wrong way or right way to quit. Just do it, get there no matter the way. If you find support in this sub, take advantage of it.

The other post, was made by a fellow who went out one night and smoked cigarettes after not having smoked in many months and being fine with it the next morning. He still considered himself a non-smoker. That was me last week. With one week to go until my one year non-smoking anniversary, I had about five cigarettes one night. Yes, I had been drinking and was with friends who smoked, but both things I had experienced multiple times throughout the year without causing me to smoke. I went and bought my cigarettes Camel Wides, which I had smoked for eight years, one pack a day. If I was going to do this, I was certainly going to smoke my brand. I can't describe how anti-climatic that first cigarette was. I truly thought it would be fantastic. It was very lackluster and so were the following five. That was nearly a week ago and I have yet to smoke and truly have no desire to. I gave the rest of the pack away and don't regret my decision at all.


I know this is wordy and scattered. I'm at work and am truly anxious to be done with this subreddit. I'm certainly grateful but I don't think about smoking until something hits my front page. I wish all of the new quitters the best of luck. If you're truly ready to quit you won't need it. I worked in a bar and everyone around me smoked. If I can do it, you can too. 

P.S. Do not watch The Ambassador. This movie triggers some serious cravings.