Ten years later, dropped it like it’s hot.

TLDR- if a hopeless person like me can do it, you can too. 


Ten days ago, smoked two consecutive cigarettes with coffee and came back to the house and felt a dull pain in my right lung that didn’t go away for the next two days. Two days later I got a panic attack coz it truly hit home for the first time that I might die a slow and miserable death from lung cancer within this very year + the medical costs and my loan my retired parents may become liable for could potentially leave them poor and homeless. I was filled with so much fear that I’m actually dying that I threw the cigs and lighter away and gave up caffeine right then.

I went on to read the first part of a book called the War of Art right after. The first part defined and characterized Resistance to the T. Flipped a switch in my head. (Link below, I strongly recommend you check out Part 1 of the book.)

https://aimeeknight.files.wordpress.com/2016/01/the-war-of-art_fastpencil_pbo.pdf

Then I spring cleaned my entire studio apartment. I felt much better after removing the physical clutter from around me.

Then I took a good look at my body for the first time- my face looks consistently depressive, I look ten years older than my actual age, my body has skin folds at my neck and stomach. (Hard to digest, I used to model for fashion brands. This is what I had let smoking do to me.) So next, instead of letting my big daydreams be dreams, I started small instead. I downloaded a 7 minute fitness app on my phone. I didn’t want to wait to plan visits to the gym only for nothing to materialize again or die down after two tries. I did my first workout with the app at home. Later that evening, I did one more. The day after that I did three sessions. Few days after I downloaded more apps, looked up YouTube, just to try newer exercises. I was beginning to like to working out- even the easiest exercises were good for me to increase my stamina and get some oxygen in.

I started becoming more and more aware of what injustice I had done to my body. On the fifth day, I went to Walmart to get probiotics and teeth products to save my coffee &amp; cig smoke laden teeth.

Resumed work yesterday after the break and I started taking advantage of the fruits, nuts, yogurt and coconut water stocked in the office kitchen.

So I just counted, its been around 10 days since I smoked. The weird thing is I never kept a tab this time. I never needed to. I think I did things right this time somehow. I few weeks ago my boyfriend gave me the ultimatum- cigs or him. I quit for five days, had such bad withdrawal symptoms, that I mistreated my boyfriend in my anger and made a negative impression at my first job by talking back to a senior, and then secretly resumed smoking to not get broken up with or fired from my job.

But this time was so different! 
It’s my decision.
I truly believe I will die a bad death if I smoke anymore, I couldn’t breathe for months.
I took some consecutive steps right after my decision that put my body and mind on a completely different track so I didn’t even think about smoking. And when I did, the fear of making my parents suffer financially by my illness was too much to bear.

First 3-4 days- I started feeling sleepy at odd hours. (It was the caffeine+sugar withdrawal I realized). 
Ten days later, I’m loving exercising, I’m beginning to challenge myself with more intermediate exercises (I couldn’t even run ten steps ten days ago), and my energy is way higher. I can’t believe I was walking and talking like a dead boy all this time.