I'm quitting, hopefully to be updated as I go.

Hi /r/stopsmoking/ 

I'm close to being 29 years old and out of these I have smoked for about 9.  
I started smoking daily when I was studiying for exams my first year at the university.  
At first it was as silly as having a reason to take many small breaks while studying,  
but as you guys know the habit quickly evolves to somehting you believe you can't do  
without at many other times. Just waiting for a buss or finishing a meal becomes new  
reasons to smoke.  
  
I have at times quit before (yes it is easy to quit, but hard not to start again) the longest  
I have made it is something like three months, when I tried a cigarette thinking I was safe.  
  
Today I just decided I'll kick them once and for all. I use another nicotine product, swedish  
snuff (a oral non-chewing tobaco) - I don't endorse it in any way, but it's sure as hell better  
than smoking cigarettes. My goal is to stop smoking for about 6 months and then gradually  
reduce my nicotine intake and kick that habit to.  
  
The reasons for quitting are many, I know it will cause me serious health issues if I continue,  
I have people close to me who have been smokers for much longer, who got cancer and only  
then quit smoking. It sure is better to quit before that. My sister wants me to quit smoking,  
and I would really love it if my mother could kick the habit to, I worry for her health - maybe  
if both my sister and I show the way she will quit to at some point. Then OFC there's the $$.  
  
I just thought I'd share with you that today I am quitting, and perhaps I will come back here  
to ventilate and talk about how it's going, I feel it might be helpfull for me to do that.  
  
edit:  
I remember when i quit before how nice I felt, I could feel so many smells and my body felt  
like it was lighter somehow, and taking a deep breath of air was so nice it's hard to describe.  
I will try to make myself smell the air and feel the ease of breath each time I am outdoors  
and thinking about smoking. I'll also take the tip of drinking water whenever I feel the urge.