I feel free

Today, I decided to stand outside with a cup of coffee, in the same place that I would normally smoke, and reflect on my current state of mind regarding smoking. Keep in mind it is 67 degrees outside so I can do this comfortably. 

First, I thought about how much more relaxing it was to just be outside, breathing the fresh air. I felt like I could stand out there for hours and just chill. I would just take deep long breaths, a feeling that I didn't know I lost until after I quit. I could actually smell the fresh air also. When I would go out and smoke, I could barely even smell the smoke (which I guess is a good thing for me). Overall it's just a more relaxing feeling.

Second, I actually started to think about how it would feel to be smoking right now. Like if someone just happened to walk by and hand me a cigarette, would I smoke it? And I can honestly say to myself, for the first time since I quit, that I would say no. I was enjoying the feeling I was currently in too much to want to destroy it just like that. 

Finally, I thought about how my daily routine/attitude has changed. My job is pretty stressful, as I'm sure everyone can say to some degree about their own job, and I was the most scared of quitting because I thought I would turn into a monster at work that nobody wanted to be around. But, to my surprise, I am actually in a much better mood. The first three days were tough, I had to bite my tongue a couple times just to get through the day. After that, though, I feel so much less stress at work than I used to. I also have a better relationship with my girlfriend, who is a non smoker. On top of all this, I'm continuing my workouts, actually working out more since I quit to fight cravings. Also, I started reading more! 

I now feel like I'm passing the point of waking up miserable because I know I can't smoke. I feel happier waking up now than I did when I was still smoking. I'm actually interested in the activities I have planned for the day instead of only being interested in when I'm going to get my next fix. 

I know everyday has its ups and downs, and tomorrow I might not feel the same way. But days like this make it totally worth it for me. Sorry this post became longer than expected. I just wanted to provide my experience to anyone who might be just starting out. On Day 1 if you told me I'd be here on Day 8 typing this post out, I wouldn't have believed it. But IT IS POSSIBLE! 