Hit 1 month yesterday and finally feel like I achieved something in my life.

I (f, 22) started smoking at age 13 because I was an anxious teenager, wanted to fit in and cigarettes were just ridiculously easily accessible in my country. Over the years I developed into a quite motivated student, I love my studies but I was also able to study crazy hours, working on several internships, and getting quite good grades. The funny thing is, always when somebody complimented me on my achievements, I shrugged it off because I held the cigarettes accountable for me being able to do these things without having a mental breakdown. I thought cigarettes give me some kind of superpower to do these things. So as my mum (a heavy and heavily addicted smoker, as my whole family) had a stroke, it was the wake up call I needed to quit smoking, also because I knew that it is the only thing which could help her to eventually stop, too. So I stopped kinda in the middle of the day. Because a next internship was going to start off a week after, I was beyond frightened that I won't be able to concentrate or be somewhat useful in there. And now I am so endlessly happy to say that not only I am indeed able to concentrate, I do the tasks with less anxiety and stress, which does not only make me a better intern, but helps myself mentally a lot. The cravings vanished ridiculously quickly (after 10 days I only thought about cigs few times a day) and, what I enjoy the most, is that i get these random floods of happiness whenever i walk the streets, look at the landscape, or go for a walk. It just feels like the world is such a nice place. I don't know how to describe it and I wish to know why this happens, but i want to tell you all out there that your life has so much more potential and we all believe that cigarettes calm our minds and make us temporarily happy but I can assure you now that the opposite is the case. We are missing out on some serious good vibes out there. I feel healthy, happy and bc of that way more confident, also because I know that the strength to be productive and happy was in me all the time, and it is also in you. We need to stop suppressing it.
Very nice side effect is that my dad reduced the smoking severely and both my parents are planning on quitting after their holiday, because they see what a happy and balanced person you can be when you free yourself from these chains.

(sorry for any English mistakes, it is not my first language)