Need some advice you qutting guru's! What's with the random anger?

I tried to quit today. Again. Each time I quit, even though I fail, I learn something to be aware of next time I try. 
I know my brain will try to bargain and convince me to buy a pack. I know I'll have cravings. Now I know, I'll get angry. 
But that's the weird part. Today I was really set. I decided that quitting could be fun if I chose it to be. Everytime I felt a craving (which truthfully was barely noticible) I would cheerfully think "ah that's the nicotine and crap leaving my body". Instead of thinking I'm going without something I thought "I'm not missing a damn thing, I'm gaining something". I wasn't sitting there bargaining and wishing for a smoke, I truly didn't want one. I was looking forward to feeling great, getting my taste & smell back. I wanted to prove I could do it so my loved ones who smoke might get inspired. I created a Pinterest board with motivational quotes and fit looking bodies to look at if I doubted myself. As a last resort if things got bad, I have a vape.
Anyway, I spent most of the day feeling fine. There were barely any cravings though the thoughts did turn up saying "buy a packet, quit tomorrow" but I really didn't want a smoke. I didn't want to fail and felt really positive. I felt good that I wouldn't buy a packet, my thoughts could say those words, but I didn't have to act on it. They're just thoughts. 
About 6 hours in after feeling great all day, no cravings and really enjoying myself, everything changed. I became grumpy. Really irritable and mad. I was impatient in traffic and annoyed at everything. I still didn't crave a smoke or want one mentally. This anger just isn't me. 
Today I felt I had really cracked it and was going to succeed. But this anger was overwhelming. I don't know if this is a justification from an addicts brain but I bought a pack and smoked so the anger would go away. I didn't want a smoke or crave one, I just knew it would make the anger go away. And it did. I'm fine now. I got scared I'd turn into a monster and make descisions in anger or lash out at my boyfriend who doesn't deserve this. 
The anger wasn't because I was feeling deprived. I was feeling great about not smoking. It was a strange impatient, scary anger that came from nowhere. 
I guess I should have stopped smoking again when I felt happy and had calmed down but I haven't. I'm at it again. Maybe tomorrow. 
Anyway, has anyone experienced this? Why does it happen and how do you overcome it? Does it last long? 
Thanks for reading, this is a long post. 