Thank god for NRT

I smoked for 10 years, in 5 hours time I will have hit the 4 day mark of not having a smoke, something I have not achieved in my countless previous quit attempts.

There are always interesting debates about quit methods, a lot of opinions say ‘Just quit’,  some people (who I admire and equally envy) can do this, however some can’t.

On Wednesday last week I bought an e-cig and liquids, I still had tobacco left, on Thursday I had one roll up on my way to work, and left two roll ups worth of
tobacco at home, that evening I got home had a beer and smoke my last two roll ups and from that point I have used nothing but the e-cig.

Obviously I’m still feeding my nicotine addiction, however it has been proven that vaping is at least 95% safer than smoking.

So I feel good about it, I haven’t had any troublesome cravings and already I’m starting to feel better as my body is beginning to expel the crap from my lungs.

Already my breathing is better, I no longer wheeze, I feel more energetic, the last 2 nights I have had a much better sleep than I can ever remember.  I no longer struggle to get up in the morning and I already feel physically and psychologically better... in just 4 days.

My commitment to myself is to get to my 30th birthday in September having rid myself of a habit and addiction that took control of my life.

Even if this means spending the next 12 months vaping, I will crank it down to zero nicotine when the time is right and then focus on gradually cutting down and eventually cutting out vaping all together.

This weekend has given me a lot of hope as I managed to do something I never thought possible...

I drank in the sun, partying with friends and surrounded by smokers on Friday and Saturday, however with the help of my e-cig I got through all of it relatively struggle free without touching a smoke.

As I write this I launch into another cough and yet more phlegm is cleared, it may be disgusting but it’s what we all have to do, just remember, each painful step is another step that you and your body is taking to clear out the badness that you’ve put in.

Now I have reached this point I know that I’m committed to it because I see the previous 3 days as an investment in my health, I’m no prepared to undermine that.

Remember that we are all stronger than those white sticks, you may need assistance or an NRT to break the tie of smoking, but there is a way out.

I will add that a girl asked me for a lighter for her cig, it felt great to say ‘I don’t have one, sorry’.