I'm never going to give up smoking [long ramble]

The last time I saw my girlfriend was about 3 weeks ago just before she went away for a while. I said something incredibly stupid. I told her that by the next time we were together, about 10 days from now, I would have given up smoking.

I have no idea why I said that. I'm sure I meant it at the time. But today I am even more sure that I will never fulfil that promise.

I mean, it's not the first time I have promised someone I care about that I was going to give up. It's not the first time I've disappointed someone. Why should this time have been any different.

Until about 2 days ago I carried on smoking as usual. But then I was bored and digging through long forgotten files on my laptop, I found the series of 'Easy Way' webcasts I had downloaded months ago and never got around to watching. Hey, I've got a great idea. Everybody always raves about Allen Carr, it's got to be worth ago. So I sat down and watched all of them back to back. I followed the instructions, I listened to every word and it was amazing. Never before had I heard an anti smoking advert or campaign that actually seemed to understand what it was like to be a smoker. I was transfixed as the bloke presenting it, Damian, dispelled all of the myths surrounding smoking, as he talked about the effects of nicotine, cravings, withdrawal, how not to confuse different feelings, what to expect in the future. I took in everything that he pointed out was wrong with prevailing attitudes towards smoking and how to give up. I actually cheered in the first episode when he said that scare tactics don't work. Finally, someone has actually said it, what I had always wanted to hear.

At the end after I had smoked my final cigarette I was so happy. I knew without a shadow of a doubt that I was now a non smoker, never again would I be a slave to nicotine.

It lasted about 16 hours.

For some reason yesterday morning I found myself in the shop buying another pack of fags. And I was pissed the fuck off. Why did I do that?

Last night I was by myself and had time to think. I went over everything I heard in those webcasts. All the arguments I repeated over and over in my head. All the stuff I had ever been told about smoking was wrong. All the stuff I thought I knew was wrong. Every excuse I made was demonstrably wrong. I even started to believe it. The logic was watertight, who couldn't accept it? But all the while I was chain smoking. I couldn't accept it. Obviously.

This morning I found the ashtray from last night, empty at the beginning of the evening but overflowing now. Between yesterday morning and lunch today I think I got through about 4 packs, by far and away my worst binge ever.

I had to get on a bus this afternoon, for 2 hours I was forced to not smoke. 2 hours with a massive smoking induced headache. 2 hours by myself just to think.

I thought about everything again, but this time I was really bitter. I was always told that this was going to be easy. People said there was no willpower involved with the Easy Way. That it really was easy. That if you paid attention and followed the instructions then by the end you would have absolutely no desire to smoke. I paid attention. I followed the instructions. But now I want to smoke more than ever. So many people have given up using the Easy Way so it can't be a problem with that, it has to be a problem with me.

My thoughts drifted back to my girlfriend. I must be even more shit than I imagined. I can't even give up for her. I would rather let cigarettes suck all my energy than spend it on her. I would rather force her to cope with my headaches and lethargy than just not have any of that stuff to begin with.

I remembered a story Damian told about his very young daughter having a panic attack because she thought her dad was about to drop dead. While trying to calm her down he said that all he could think about was how much he wanted her to shut up so he could go and smoke. Fuck, that was difficult to hear. It was even more difficult to remember and dwell on. It was so bad because I recognise that same attitude in myself. How many times have we woken up together but rather than just enjoy a moment of closeness I have been thinking how much I want to get out of bed so I can smoke.

I'm resigned to it now. I will always be a smoker and there is nothing I can do about that.

Eventually I'll just have to man up and tell her. Tell her that I'm never going to give up smoking.

To give up smoking.

Give up.

Hang on, that Damian bloke said something about that as well. What exactly am I trying to give up?

He said that for years we all lived quite happily as non smokers. There was definitely a day when we started smoking, whatever it was that caused us to start. For me I started when I was 16 which means I lived the first 16 years of my life without cigarettes. Ok, I don't remember large parts of my childhood in detail but I don't remember feeling any worse than I do now. In fact, I probably felt better than I do now. No, I definitely felt better than I do now. And not just because of the energy thing, but as a non smoker I had nothing to beat myself up about. I'm sure I had bad days, I'm sure at times I was upset or stressed by something. But those things would have happened regardless of whether or not I was smoking. I think life was actually better back then. Even that horribly awkward 15 year old version of me was happier with himself than I am now. What happened to him? Where did he go?

[Imgur](http://i.imgur.com/WJA4fmK.jpg)

I'm not giving up smoking. I'm not giving up anything. I'm reclaiming something I lost.
