When I quit I started making a list of tempting moments and decided to post it here to celebrate 1 month smoke free. Turns out I forgot. A bit.

I wanted to smoke when I woke up in the morning. Then I realised bed is comfortable and staying there is always a good idea.

I wanted to smoke after breakfast. I looked at the box of cereal and didn't see any cigarettes in the serving suggestion so I didn't include them.

I wanted to smoke at the airport. So I got talking to one of the cleaning staff. He had a moustache.

Hanging around at the bus station for hours on end. Practised regional accents. I wasn't very good at any of them.

Bored in a government bureaucracy factory. Invented back stories for all the other people waiting. By the end I was slightly suspicious and scared of everyone else in the building so in retrospect it may not have been the best idea.

After sexy time. Why not just enjoy being here?

While drinking beer. I drank more beer.

While riding my motorbike. Decided it was better to pay attention to the road.

In a coffee shop. Sat and thought how much the smoking section looked like a goldfish bowl. Considered the practical difficulties of trying to get a goldfish to start smoking.

Hanging around with other smokers. I made a game out of counting how many times we each coughed. I lost.

Bored, hanging around waiting for a package to be delivered. Solved by day dreaming about having a pet dinosaur. I missed the delivery.

Sitting in the former embassy of the Soviet Union with a hundred-a-day chain smoker and some of his KGB mates. Sang 'Come on Eileen' very loudly.

Out for dinner. Tried talking to people instead. They said things back to me. I don't remember ever having a conversation with a cigarette. People are definitely better at carrying on a conversation than cigarettes.

I /really/ wanted to smoke as some bitter ex-smoker complained for what seemed like a small ice age about cravings never going away. I put some distance between us so I didn't have to listen to him any more. That made lots of things better.

In a non-smoking restaurant. Realised I could stay in the air conditioning rather than go out into 35 degrees, 95% humidity. Good call.

Back in that place where I once spent about 4 weeks doing nothing but sitting, drinking, and smoking. I sat, drank, and enjoyed breathing.

Sat on top of a mountain. If I was still smoking I never would have been able to climb up here in the first place.

While arguing with a taxi driver. I'm already angry with him, if I smoke I will be angry with myself as well.

Saying goodbye to some very excellent people and walking off by myself, lonely. Smoking doesn't provide company.

When I took my GF to the airport. She'll be back soon.