If you're craving a cigarette right now read this

Hi,
This is your smoking self. I've been smoking nonstop for the past 13 years now. If you've quit already and are feeling those cravings read this. Right now you may feel that if you could smoke just one cigarette everything would be better. You might be thinking that you were better off as a smoker. At least you weren't feeling miserable that you wanted to smoke but you couldn't. Your perception of reality is warped so let me remind you of what things are really like as a smoker. For as long as I can remember I've been constantly worried about what smoking has been doing to my body and mind. I'm constantly scared of contracting one of those serious smoking related diseases. I'm constantly thinking about quitting and then feeling miserable because I think I'm too weak to actually quit. It's been less than 3 hours since I woke up and I've already smoked 4 cigarettes. I was feeling slightly nauseous but I smoked anyways and then felt even more miserable. I'm unhappy because smoking is destroying my relationship with my husband. He tries everything he can to make me understand what smoking is doing to me and I understand everything logically. I've made so many promises to quit and I've never fulfilled them. I see the pain and hurt in his eyes and I still smoke. I know he's scared to lose me early but my addiction has made me so selfish that I block that thought out and still smoke. Then I feel guilty when he still continues to love me. Everyday I realize how much smoking is robbing me of my energy so that all I want to do is stay home and smoke. Any physical activity tires me out too soon even though I'm only 32. I look in the mirror and I hate to see stained lips and stained teeth. I don't laugh freely because I'm embarrassed someone will see my nasty teeth. I stay away from people because I don't want them to smell my nasty smoke smell. I frantically try to hide my addiction from people but I know they can smell it a mile away anyways. Often I feel that my body is craving juices and citrus fruit but I drink a cup of coffee instead because I want to smoke. When I cough up phlegm with nasty grey specks in it I'm scared shitless that I might get cancer but I smoke a cigarette 5 minutes later. I'm trapped and miserable and am desperately praying that I somehow get out of this. I look at people who have quit and hear about how wonderful they're feeling and I wish I was them. So if you're craving for a cigarette right now remember you don't want to be where I am. You never wanted to be here and that's why you quit in the first place. Remember that I'm envious of you and wishing I was you.