A Fresh Start; Escaping Smokey Tobacco Land

##Hello Reddit!

I currently live in Smokey Tobacco Land, and I'm becoming increasingly frustrated with the life-expectancy and cost of living here. I'm starting to see the weak points in the high walls that surround this place, and some days, the walls don't even seem that high. Other days, I question the existence of the walls themselves. 

2017 was an important year for me with tonnes of ups and downs. I finally hit breaking point in January 2017 and quit smoking. It was a difficult climb over the wall but no-one chased me once I was on the other side. I was smoke-free for 3 months.

Although not an excuse (they're all my decisions, when all is said and done), I lost a close friend to suicide in March and slowly rationalised to myself that I could control my cravings, to the point of having one cigarette, which turned into one pack a week, which turned into one pack a day, which turned into roll-ups ("which are at least cheaper"), which turned into forgetting everything I had learnt along the way.

I ended up back in Smokey Tobacco Land and forgot that I'd ever left. The walls went back up. I starting paying a premium for this comfortable life.

It's a trap I never hoped I'd fall into again, and was convinced I wouldn't. But here we are. I'm not beating myself up about it - it's life and all I can do is learn from my experiences.

Now it's February 2018 and that same feeling I had last January is back. Why am I smoking? What is it doing for me? Why am I paying £100s to exist here?

Since October 2017, I've made the best of my life within these walls. I've made strides to improve my mental health and am in the process of changing my body into something I'm truly proud of. Through positive lifestyle changes, science and the friendly folks at r/loseit, I've managed to shed 40lbs, bringing me into a healthy BMI range for the first time.

With that incredible change in diet and exercise, it's opened my eyes to the possibility of an entirely new start. The move away from Smokey Tobacco Land - for good. 

My ultimate goal is to buy my own house in 2019 with my partner and get a dog. To achieve this, I need to move, both figuratively and literally. I need more money for a deposit and I need to be able to continue my growth into someone I'm truly proud of. 

That leaves only one option. 

That wall is coming down at all costs.

Giving Up Smoking II: This Time it's Personal.

NB: This subreddit was of tremendous help to me the first time round, and I'd like to thank you all for being so supportive. If anyone wants a supportive ear, drop me a message. We can do this!

