A chat with a wal mart cashier helped me decide it's time.

I've been making a lot of changes in my life lately, and it reallt started with r/nofap. Making that commitmenr was huge, difficult and incredible. But I knew that wasn't enough. I've been toying with the idea of quitting cigarettes for  while; as well as starting a gold diet. Bit I kept telling myself; when you quit your job, then you can do that. My jov has been fueling my cigarette dependence for a while. It keeps me awake and fills the many boring hours.

But I was chatting with a very nice cashier today; I wasn't even buying cigarettes, just groceries. It started by me noticing her lovely new england accent. We're in north dakota, a long way from there. And I complimented her and told her about my time in Maine, where I got a job on a sail boat with no experience. It was one of the most difficult but rewarding times in my life. She asked me if I wanted to go back. I said,
"Sure, I'd like to. But chasin' dreams don't pay the bills, y'know?" 

Now words are too soow to explain what happened in milliseconds. But I stopped dead and looked inside myself. I could not believe those words came out of my mouth. When did I start believing that? When did that become me? When did I turn into my father? Holy shit. I've spent two years over here. When will it end? But the real blow came in her reply. She smiled goodnaturedly, and said,
"Well, at least you'll have a hobby for when you retire!"

I'm 19, and I look my age. Retirement isnt any time soon. Holy shit. Is that how people think life is supposed to go? Bust your ass so that when you're old and tired you can sort of do some of the stuff you want to do? Fuck. That. That's not going to be my life.

I'm done making excuses. I'm done twiddling my life away. In addition to nofap, as of ten minutes ago, I've smoked my last cigarette, and I'm going to start an r/keto diet. No more excuses. I don't know if I'll quit my job. But I know tomorrow morning I'm getting a time off form; and I'm going to book that flight to England to see one of my best friends in the world. I have the money. And I'll make more.

I refuse to keep putting my life off.