Two weeks without vaping! Even if it is completely harmless, this is why I’d encourage others to quit long term vaping as well!

Preface: I’m not here to tell you that you shouldn’t vape, I don’t care if you do. I’m not telling you that it’s unhealthy, because the research is still not conclusive. 

What I *am* here to do is give you the reasons I’m happy that I quit vaping. 

I’ve been vaping for about 4 years to keep off cigarettes, and boy did I vape. A lot. I was never the douche blowing clouds in the middle of restaurants or complaining that I can’t vape in a certain place, but I was certainly the guy who sucked on it almost all the time if the situation permitted. Nicotine addiction sucks...

I had wanted to quit about a year ago since I was spending so much money maintaining it the addiction and tried to lower my juice down to 0mg. Well I was definitely not in the right mindset and became mildly aggressive (which I never am) and would get even more angry when I took a hit of my vape and there was no nicotine. I eventually went back with stronger juice than I was originally on. 

Finally, 2 weeks ago I was tired of taking all my breaks during lecture to go outside and vape. I was also realizing “hey, I bought this to quit smoking, not find a loophole.” I read Allen Carr’s book that night and threw everything away in the morning. 

So far it’s been fine. I get cravings but they go. I don’t miss it. I’m pretty even tempered as usual. I only had one bad night with insomnia. And now for the reason I wrote this post, the best parts about quitting vaping. 

First, I’m much healthier already. Not necessarily my lungs, they feel the same but with less coughing. But my body feels less inflamed and I have a lot more energy than I expected. My heart rate is noticeably more moderate and I’m not as dehydrated!! I had to drink so much goddamn water when I was vaping, now I drink normal amounts. 

Second, I’m more productive. Nothing is easier than laying down, watching tv, and relaxing with some chain vaping. Now that I don’t have a vape, if I lay around and watch tv I get antsy as I reach for my vape and it’s not there. Eventually I give up and get some chores done or go on a run. Days seem longer when I can’t just vape an entire hour away. 

Lastly, I’m way less anxious in social situations. That seems counterintuitive but my vape addiction really messed with me socially and I didn’t realize it till recently. If I was in a place where I couldn’t vape and was talking with people, I’d just want to get out of that situation as fast as possible so I could vape. It really messed me up, but now I’ve noticed that craving kick in and I just push it to the side and enjoy the conversation I’m having. It’s seriously a huge weight off of me that I didn’t even know I had!

It’s not all great. Driving without it is annoying but hopefully I can keep that out of my mind at some point. I definitely always want to be drinking or eating something which is pretty uncomfortable. 

Overall though, I don’t miss vaping. I may crave it, but I certainly don’t miss it. 

