What I learned from quitting smoking - one month smoke free.

I'm new on reddit and I joined this community considering the fact that I quit smoking one month ago (today I am officially one month smoke-free), after 6 years of active smoking, during the last year of smoking I reached 2 packs a day. I know it may not seem like a lot of time smoking, but I developed the habit at a very young age (I started smoking at 13, now I'm 19). Not proud of my starting smoking age or the amount I smoked. And it might not be normal to smoke that young in most places but where I'm from, it's very normalized in the youth circles at that age. 

I want to share with you a few things that I think are crucial/helpful for quitting cigarettes. 

*(Sorry if it's too long)*

Firstly, I want to share information that truly opened my eyes about what cigarette addiction is. You aren't actually addicted to cigarettes, you are addicted to the endorphins your body NATURALLY produces when you smoke cigarettes. Because nicotine and the other chemicals that cigarettes contain are harmful to the body, to relieve itself from the pain that cigarettes are causing it releases endorphins (hormones that relieve pain and make you feel good).

So basically, you aren't really addicted to cigarettes, you are addicted to your endorphins, or should I say your body's conditioned reaction to the toxins in cigarettes.

Moving on.

One thing that I found very helpful were the people that weren't supportive of me or that often gave me discouraging comments, or should I say didn't believe that I would actually quit (because I set a date when I would quit and told some closer people that I would stop smoking on that date). I would receive comments like "Oh, no way you're gonna quit" "You probably won't be able to do it" "You won't smoke until when?" etc. That motivated me not only to prove to those people that I am way stronger than they think, but it also made me motivate myself to prove to myself that I am way stronger than I think. Having supportive people around you is amazing and I had those too - it's just that, when someone does believe in you, you strive to live up to their expectations. When they don't believe in you, you strive to overcome their expectations, which is a challenge (and oh how the human brain loves challenges). So if you are experiencing something similar to this - **listen to what the discouraging people say, just make sure not to follow it** (I guess this isn't just advice on quitting smoking, but it's advice about life in general).

Another thing that helped me a lot was the fact that the date when I quit was the date when I went to travel to a country far away. When you quit in the beginning, make sure that you are occupied at least the first week or two. I didn't just not feel cravings - I actually forgot that I was a smoker. I forgot that I was quitting. I felt free. Being occupied 24/7 with something I truly enjoy really helped. I assume it would have been quite different if I quit smoking in my old surroundings, doing the same things with the same people.

Quitting cold turkey was also a significant part of my journey. When you go cold turkey, you make quitting become a choice, a rule, not a process. If I tried to quit with other methods such as using nicotine patches or e-cigarettes or smoking one less cigarette a day, I probably would have never quit. Because I would still be thinking about my addiction. Or there would have been a big chance that I would revert halfway through the process. This way, there was no process. The decision was made and when I woke up that morning, I woke up as a non-smoker. That was it. As I mentioned above, forgetting the fact that you are (were) a smoker was crucial for me. The hardest part in this is actually gathering the courage and strength to make the decision. Once the decision is made, that's that. I know this is all subjective, and I'm not saying those other ways of quitting don't work because they do work for some, I just found this approach to be easier and more effective for me.

Side note on quitting cold turkey: I had no cravings, I wasn't irritable, no cigarette withdrawal.

Thank you for reading this. I wish you much strength and a willpower of steel!