I've had the answer rehearsed, so that it just flows off my tongue...

The question being, of course, "why don't you give up smoking?" .

Like many in this forum, I'm a smoker. Like some, I'm a heavy smoker. I smoke Golden Virginia roll ups, and have for 7 years or so now. Before that, Benson and Hedges Silver for about 2 years.

And when I get asked...THAT question, the one that makes you feel a little bit ashamed inside, but you ignore the feeling, I always answer with,

"I understand the benefits of quitting, financially, health wise. But I just don't want to, ya know? I enjoy it too much. Plus, how else am I going to deal with the stress of life?"

 And people relate to their own stressful lives and think "seems legit" or "we all have our vices" or whatever, and Let it go. One avoided awkward self realisation.

But they don't think that, do they? They just think, idiot. Lying to himself. It'll kill him, and he won't even acknowledge that fact.

So between that, the inevitable self realisation, watching King George VI's black lung get removed on Netflix's The Crown, and hearing other quitters say how amazing it is to taste food properly again, I decided to quit.

Actually, there are a lot more reasons than that. I'm tired. I'm unfit. Low sex drive. My favourite food as a kid, prawns, just doesn't taste that good anymore. Maybe I outgrew it. I can't wait to eat a prawn after a month of non smoking. If I get there. Plus, vaping seems communal. Like, people enjoy doing it, talking about it, giving tips and tricks. Vapers aren't afraid to start a conversation with each other. All the smokers, out in the cold, in puffs of what we now know to be toxic shite, we all look so miserable, unhealthy, kind of grey.

I'm 27, I want to feel 27. I feel older, somehow. More wear and tear than I should have.

So, 1 day and 10 hours ago, I had my last roll up, and in a kind of dazed state, stuck a nicotine patch on. I don't know why, I just didn't stop myself doing it. It was like the real me, inside, got control for just a second, and the outside, smoking-is-cool version of me just went "meh, I'm out of arguments, and energy" .

So that night, I bought a vape. I was worried that I'd not spend enough on one and it would be crap and break. If I'm craving and need a hit, faulty equipment will not be acceptable. But I'm also well aware I could spend THOUSANDS on vaping equipment. If I had that kind of money. Spent it all didn't I, on tobacco for 9 years...

I spent £20 on a MV Sabre starterkit. I've watched a tonne of reviews since, and it gets top marks in functionality vs cloud size vs durability vs sleek design.

I got lucky. And I'm grateful because I feel like if I'm given the slightest excuse to quit quitting, I'll slide, down, down.... Down.

But, so far so good. Vape's working, cravings are there but manageable, and I'm actually enjoying the experience.

I'm looking forward to tasting food, as I said, but also losing the fatigue, the tar on the teeth, I want my sense of smell back... I think ;)

So day one is done, and on day two, I can confidently answer the question differently.

Why don't I give up smoking?

I already am.