I've been 2 weeks cigarette free (which seems small) but WOW.

TL;DR (So you didn't have to scroll down.)
[spoiler text]I re-did my entire room, which is my work space and where I smoked because of stress. Then got interest in a girl I was also interested in, but she went bat shit after 3 months of CONSTANTLY talking to each other. End result... brand new room, healthier, happier life.(/spoiler)

I'm not sure if any of this is placebo, but here's the story.

I got interest from a girl and literally spent $3,000 I made from online businesses. So I re-did my room... ENTIRELY.

1. I painted anti-smoke paint on the walls, then grey paint. 
2. I got a new fancy bed that folds so you can sit upright. 
3. I got nightstands made out of really nice wood. 
4. I got a really nice carpet.
5. I updated my old peeling desk to a nice sleek glass desk that matches the rooms modernity.
6. I got a sort of hand-me-down brand new love-seat recliner.

She freaked out on me for asking her if she was feeling okay after she asked me not to talk to her since she got the news of being evicted. I texted once a week as to give distance but show I was still there. Then she blocked me and I was like whelp, she's batshit. Got'er nudes though. ;)

Then, I REFUSED to smoke in my room. Not one single cigarette, no matter if the windchill was -20F which it gets to here. This is where the benefits kicked in, literally from day one.

1. I coughed up tar CONSTANTLY throughout the day in my bedroom working online. It seems the less I smoked the more my body had the chance to clear it out.
2. My anxiety (which was REALLY bad) went WAYYYYY down.
3. I can run faster and longer at the gym on the treadmill. After ONLY two weeks, mind you.
4. I guess this is neutral but when smoking other "less unhealthy" things I'm able to hold a lot more.
5. I swim to excersize indoor somestimes and I don't have to come up for breath as often.
6. I don't wake up with throat, or neck pain.
7. I don't lose productiveness.
8. I don't crave. (Well, of course I do but it's just about gone.) I don't really think about it as time goes on. I get thoughts once in a while when I'm stressed or something but.. for the most part.
10. People aren't jerks to me making rude comments in public like  *fake coughs* and "Ew, do that somewhere else."
11. I opened my pool of chances with girls like... 10 fold.