Let's do this. My diary Day 3

I started smoking when i was 12 (how a 12 year old can afford cigarettes is beyond me). At the end of January i turn 34. I have tried to quit every once in a while without much success. My last attempt was when my wife was pregnant with our son (who is 16 months now) which failed when i was afraid our marriage would break over it (i become an ass when i don't smoke). 

Well now my wife is pregnant again with twins and i decided this is my last attempt ( because i will succeed not because i will not try again if i fail, which i won't). 

I am using a nicotine spray if the urges get too bad, which is pretty nasty but i am guessing that is a good thing as i dont want to switch my addiction i want to get rid of it. 

If my wife and I get in a fight we decided to give (a variation of) HIMYM's timeout rule a shot: If we fight about anything each of us can call a timeout at any time which immediatly ends the argument for 1 hour.

Anyways the first 2 days have been fairly rough, there have been so many situations where i keep thinking "time for a cigarette". After lunch yesterday i caught myself checking my pockets for my tobacco so i could roll a cigarette, this happened without even thinking about it until i realized what i was doing. 

The first positive experience came yesterday evening, which has motivated me a bit more. I play Badminton once a week with a collegue and even after only 24 hours of not smoking i noticed that i had a much easier time breathing than usually and by the end wasn't even out of breath.

Today things seem much better but the cravings are still so strong. I still catch myself thinking "i have time for a cigarette" before remembering that i quit.

Anyways we are heading into my first weekend as a non smoker and i hope things keep getting easier, i feel like breaking the habbit is the hardest part allthough i also feel physical withdrawal which i have an easier time fighting through, than i have not letting my subconscious fool me.

Wish me luck