Day 7 - Going well until today

I have been cigarette free for a week now. Every day for the last week, I would think of a cigarette but hold the thought no longer, I would instatntly let it go through me. I did this because there was no way I was going to let myself even play mind games, reciting reasons why I should allow myself. 

I went to a hypnotist, didn’t think it worked, but it must have because for this first week it has been much easier than expected. Until TODAY.


Ive been really angry all day. I was actually reminded of when I was younger. I was always angry and unhappy with everything. God I HATE being Angry, so much that when I talk about being angry, I get angry. I hate it so much. Anyway, today, all day I felt angry. Its not even that I am angry because I want a cigarette, I think I may actually just be an angry person, who doesn’t get angry if allowed to smoke. 


For example, when I am with my annoying sister, who talks a lot, I get annoyed very quickly and feel like my blood is boiling. However, add a cigarette to my hand while she is talking, I can take it easily.


My favorite part of the day as a non-smoker is waking up in the morning, feeling cleaner. So, I am not going to give in tonight. I will wait till tomorrow and see how I feel.


I REALLY hope it was just a little glitch and that this doesn’t last for days or for ever.

I just poured myself some rum, it's helping.

I just need to remember, as hypnotist Vance Romane says: "NOT A ONE!"




EDIT (my experience):

I went to a Stop Smoking seminar with Vance Romane. The seminar is about 3 hours and the last part he hypnotizes you, but the way this is, its hard to illustrate accurately.

I stopped smoking after that and each day was quite simple. Easier than I thought. I am have been smoking for 8 years at a minimum a pack a day (unless hungover).

I tried quitting many times but never lasted 12 hours. 

I walked out of the seminar thinking it didn't effect me but still keeping an open mind. And as stated, I just never let the thought of a cigarette develop. I never held the thought long enough for it to become a craving. Rather than feeling like a red alarm is flashing for me to go enjoy my mini-vacation cigarette, I don't let myself get excited. I simultaneously acknowledge how great I feel in every way for not smoking.