20 Days &amp; 1 Hr and needing support I guess

I’m really proud of myself for not getting cigarettes/bumming a cigarette/being in a psych ward/hurting myself in any sort of way at the moment

I’d been healing from getting my heart broken and trying to pave a bright future ahead (work towards dream career/something that isn’t the dead end poverty trap I’m in right now) and once I got everything very tightly budgeted to pay cc debt off very quickly/application fees for school/etc my check engine light came on :( 

I’m gutted because I take such good care of my car, it’s in good shape, regular checks, never let it go under half a tank, only had it for two years. The first quote (to be “correctly” done) was in the thousands. I just wanted to jump off of something. “Making it work” was a little less than a thousand. I was driving out of the mechanic today to just get it home feeling defeated like I was watching all my dreams/plans die in a fire and one of the guys who worked there said it was fine and easily a $5 job if I knew someone who knew cars? What the fuck. I’m so confused.

Also I’m coming to terms with this “my family doesn’t love me/know me or want to” feeling that’s been plaguing me my entire life. I’ve not really been a black sheep or anything, but I’ve tried my best and I thought the “fitting in” and “belonging” would get easier as I got older but it just never happened. The emotional support and acceptance I really crave from all of them is just not ever going to come. 

I made the mistake of trying to be vulnerable with my mother by calling (she’d always gotten mad at me after suicide attempts/hospital stays when I was younger because “I could’ve told someone/Why didn’t they know I felt like that/Expensive/Preventable/Stupid/Etc”) because it’s been years since I’ve had problems, but in a weak moment I was just like “I’m just worried and sad because I feel like if anything happened to me you’d just have less to do, dad wouldn’t notice, [siblings’] wouldn’t notice either and their lives wouldn’t change or be different at all.” and she was like “Yeah. Oh well, I’m going to mow the lawn.” 

I just feel hard to love (even though I have really sweet friends who have been helping hold me up the past couple of months or so, and a therapist who is telling me I’m doing great/the right things even if it feels bad) and worthless and bad. My eyes hurt from crying. I don’t even want a cigarette because that’d make things worse, and that’s great, but I wish I could feel like I can celebrate that. 

I’m just not okay :( I don’t want to die! I just feel like it’s what everyone else wants, and that I’m doing this god awful job with my life. The reason I’ve stayed in relationships with men who are stand-offish at any point, attempt fading away or “ghosting” or “dropping hints” etc or are emotionally unavailable/unready is mostly because if I point it out and make it not okay, I have to face that my family treats me similarly and it means they don’t care about me either. And I love them and I just want them to love me back :( 

They never knew I smoked and I did for nine years. 

I don’t know what I need (I see a psychiatrist for my adhd/a therapist weekly. I’ve opened up to friends/chosen family so they know I’m not doing well and are helping where they can, I just don’t want to overwhelm them with it) and if anyone has any ideas I would really appreciate it. I just feel like someone’s ripping my heart out and eating it, and I’ve lost nearly thirty pounds I haven’t needed to lose in the past couple of months because my stomach just feels full of rocks all the time and food makes me feel sick. I’m doing my best and I love life (in general) and have all these goals and things but I just feel like I can’t do all I’m meant to or be who I’m meant to be or be anything at all. I’m just nearly thirty working a low wage job with a liberal arts degree and I feel like I’ve just ruined my life not being good enough to do it right.