I quit earlier this year and now I've started again, I feel terrible.

In April I went on Champix (again, tried once before) and managed to quit. I even went and got the second course to be extra sure this time. Dealt with the undesirable side effects and finished up at the end of September. I hadn't had a single cigarette since about a week after starting, so easily 5 months. I only lasted about a month at best before thinking "one won't hurt, just to deal with assignment/study stress/anxiety" and stole one from my mum's pack (she's a life-long smoker, I still live at home). It basically spiralled from there, I bought three packs myself but now am back to smoking whatever I can scavenge around me... including butts. I'm so ashamed of that last part particularly. I'm desperately trying to hide it, only sneaking them when I can, as I know if I simply admit I failed my mum won't care and I'll go back to smoking as much as her, with her. Part of the reason I quit is because I want her to quit for her health before it's too late, plus the monetary impact. 

I'm refusing to let it get any further than it is now because I desperately want to quit, but I feel like such a failure and that only makes me want to smoke more. I just don't know how to kick it cold-turkey and keep saying "just one more day". I'm probably only smoking about 2-3 full cigarettes a day atm and never quite reached the number I was at before quitting even when I bought those few packs, but it's quickly become a crutch again. Now it's the end of the year and I'm in the *exact* same position I was last time I tried and failed (literally, except it was at the end of first semester and not the second when I relapsed the first time, otherwise everything is the same).
I had a decent streak going and ruined it. I feel like I didn't pay enough attention to the quitting process, to what was going on in my body, reading all the resources provided by the government along with the Champix. I kind of just hopped on and that was that, didn't take it seriously enough. 

I really don't want let it advance further & am not willing to wait another four months to go on medication again (the nausea and gas, oh my god) but don't know how to approach (re-)quitting. I just don't want to give up and have to repeat the whole cycle again a third time. I guess I'm posting as a vent and also to seek advice.

**TL;DR**: I relapsed and have continued relapsing each day for about two months after 5 months without smoking, feel like a failure and don't know how to ameliorate my screw up before I completely revert to old ways. Would appreciate advice. 