First Post. It's hard fighting your own brain. Beginning the process.

I have been yelling at myself for a few weeks now every time I smoke. I tell myself things like "you'll be quitting soon now". I have been repeating to myself "I am so sick of smoking cigs" in order to help my brain adjust to how I WANT to feel about smoking. I have been successful in reducing my smoking, but not eliminating. I take the bus to and from work, so I am waiting outside at bus stops a lot. I find that to be one of the hardest times to not smoke. I have gotten better at not smoking at work. I used to smoke whenever I had an urge, but now I have reduced it to one free cig during the day, one at lunch, and then one when I am done with work. That is a lot better than I used to be.

I just ordered my first pack of Nicorette gum. I chose thew gum for a variety of reasons. The main reasons being it will help when I start to feel the panicky urge of needing a cig, but also because it is a physical thing I am doing that will take up the physical dependencies of smoking.

I know all of the data, I know all of the health and financial reasons to quit smoking, I know all of those things. It isn't about making a realization for me anymore, it's literally just fighting my own brain. I am sure a lot of you have had the same experience, where you tell yourself you are going to do this, you formulate a plan to execute, and all the while you are telling yourself you are quitting, you find yourself in a gas station buying another pack and sparking one up. It's just this great battle between my brain. I tell myself one thing, and my brain just decides to overrule it's self. It's really hard to explain, but that is probably my biggest factor right now. I know I can quit, when I went through long periods of not smoking (longest recently was like 26 hours) I didn't feel as bad as I thought I would, but I still fall for my brain. I have been through chemical withdrawals before because I have been in the hospital a lot for an unrelated disease, and I have had to be on a regimen of pain killers all the while, and have gone through terrible bouts of quitting with severe withdrawal symptoms. I know I can do it, I just need to....do it.

So I just bought nicorette gum, I am not going to pick a final "quit day" because, from what I have learned and knowing how my body works, if I say I quit, then I break even once, my brain will somehow convince itself that it failed, and will go back to the routine. Both of my parents smoked, one quit a few years ago and the other still does.

One other factor to my smoking is kind of unique, and I don't know if other have this same problem. A lot of people say they smoke more when they drink, or drinking is what makes them break. Well, because of the unrelated disease I have, I have never been able to drink alcohol. This is good, yes, I know, but being someone who can't drink has its downfalls too. I have never been able to drink alcohol. The hardest that ever has been was college. I found myself in lots of parties, and lots of bars, simply standing there with my friends. I actually picked up smoking because I couldn't drink, felt left out, wanted to be part of the "party" and so I started smoking and it accelerated. It has been really hard to deal with not being able to drink in college, and around friends who drink, in a state where it is the norm (WI), it was almost like the perfect catalyst to start smoking, as sad as it sounds.

At this point, I have been smoking for about 5-6 years regularly. I am now full board on quitting, but the anxiety, my god the anxiety. I ordered nicorette gum (2mg) and the box is waiting for me at home. I was wondering if you guys have any advice to help the process in terms of the nerves and anxiety that comes with quitting. I know about the health and financial benefits, so I don't want to be lectured about quitting (as we all know, probably, being lectured into quitting is probably the fastest way to get me to smoke a cig), I am looking for real advice on how to manage the anxious and nervous feelings of quitting.

I look at almost all of your guys' posts thinking to myself "that could be me", so you guys give me a lot of hope, and I enjoy reading about your journeys and the help you all give to people. I am very stressed and no one right now in my life, expect you guys, knows that I am about to try to quit. I don't really care for the support (from friends and family), I like to do these things on my own so that I can surprise them, and at the same time, not making quitting a big deal. I feel like if I make this a big deal, it will add to the anxiety.

I know, this post is kind of ranty, but being a long time lurker who is just now stepping out, I hope you guys can see that I need help from you on here to make my goal. I don't want to sound demanding, but I really really need/want to quit smoking, and it is coming down to me fighting me. Thanks for reading my post, I really appreciate it! and here's to a successful journey for me, for you, and for all!