Day 6 update - I feel great!

Day six is wrapping up, and I feel great. As I explained in a previous post, I haven't been able to quit cold turkey. The dizziness from nicotine widthdrawal was quite severe for me, and it made me really unproductive at work. So I've been using nicotine gum.

In my last post, I aired my contemplations about using gum. I get it, get it out of your system ASAP, and don't get hooked on another form of nicotine. But it has been suprisingly easy to cut back on nicotine gum.

On the first couple of days, I just chewed as much gum as I felt I had the need for. The pack suggests that you should only chew a gum for 15-20 minutes, but I find that I can still get nicotine out of that sucker for hours after I'm done. It's not the most interesting gum after three hours, but then again, smoking tastes awful so it's a fair trade.

On day 4, I decided I wanted to see how long I could stretch it before the first gum of the day. I made it to 11 am, which was quite nice. I had three pieces of gum that day. On day 5, friday, I waited until 12, and still only had three pieces of gum. I did sleep a fair amount, on friday afternoon, and on saturday, but this weekend I've had only two pieces of nicotine gum each day. And to be fair, I think I'm just trying to delay the final goodbye to nicotine.

Still, I am proud of myself. I used to smoke 20 long, nasty cigarettes each day, and now I am eating two pieces of nicotine gum for an entire days worth of poison?

I feel like I really got a good start on this. On friday, I began smelling things I don't usually smell - trees and some bonfire burning somewhere along my normal route home. A woody smell in the elevator at work. I was quite perplexed. And the rattle in my right lung, which I've had for god knows how long, is there no more. I'm looking forward to an improvement in my lung functions a few months down the road. 

And most importantly, I feel really happy that I aren't smoking. I am dealing with this addiction and I can feel what it does to me to finally be rid of it. I hope that each and every one of you guys experience the same, and that we can all be rid of these awful cigarettes.