Reflections on the longest I have ever been without cigarettes

I never thought I would go this long without smoking. Every day, I am amazed that I finally broke away from my addiction, and I am amazed at how easy it was when I actually decided to do it.

I had real issues quitting smoking. I would get very dizzy from the lack of nicotine (what I have later identified as low blood sugar - nicotine subdues insulin, so without nicotine your body needs time to adjust). The dizzyness kept distrupting my attempts to quit smoking, and it would generally disappear shortly after I had a cigarette.

I used nicotine gum in the beginning. It helped me deal with the dizzyness. Right from the start, I decided that I would try and get off the gum within a month, because in my book, it's no use quitting if you are still addicted to nicotine. As it turns out, I quickly realised that I could stretch the gum pretty easily. While the package said I should only chew a gum for 15-20 minutes, I kept chewing for hours and hours. It turned into some pretty boring gum, but it meant that I could chew on the same gun for over three hours. By day six, I didn't have the first piece of gum before 2 pm, and on day 7, I almost had a piece at 7 pm - but decided it was time to quit.

And so, within the first week, I took the complete break from cigarettes. I would still get a little bit dizzy, but it would come late in the day and disappear after I had slept a bit. The next 7 days was the real test, of not falling back on smoking for nicotine, but with the dizzyness out of the question, I only had some "pull" in my lungs, but it helped that I was already beginning to feel how my body responded to not being filled with tar each day.

I hit a wall in week three. I had a bad week at work, I was sick, I was miserable and depressed, and I thought about smoking a lot. I think things was made worse with not smoking. I began dreaming of smoking. I would wake up, thinking I had blown my quit, and I would get up in a sour mood to "have my morning cigarette". It was nice to realise that it was actually a dream, but it was a bad way to wake up.

But all of this passed as well, and as time went by, I thought less and less about smoking. Today, on day 42, I think about smoking a few times each day, but only that I used to. Most of the times I think about smoking is because people ask me how its going. I still dream about smoking some nights. In fact, after going out on friday, I had a dream where I litterally smoked a whole pack of cigarettes.

The real proof of how I'm doing comes whenever I come into contact with cigarettes. The smoke is terrible. It smells disgusting. The smokers smell disgusting. Once, I walked into the path of a smoker who just exhaled. It stung my nose! Last friday, I was at a party at a friends house, with a lot of people smoking inside. My throat started tying up and I started coughing. And despite the drinks, I didn't feel like smoking at all.

I think the real difference between my previous attempts and this, is that I actually decided this was it. Like, really decided to do it. Not "I'll give it another go", but really accepting that this was the time to let go of smoking. I don't miss it. I don't want it.

I am no longer a smoker, and I am very happy. I hope you guys can feel the same.