Sick?

Use it as an opportunity to get out!

I'm mid 30s and have smoked since teen years. I know it's unhealthy but quitting really wasn't something I was serious about doing based on how I feel daily. 

Three years ago I was sick and coughing for all of November and December before I went in and got diagnosed with Bronchitis. It was pretty eye opening because I thought that was something for "older" people and I was otherwise in average health.

I went on, made an effort to reduce but still never gave it up. I felt like I needed to for a long long time but I knew I didn't want to. I associate smoking with good times like when you get out of work, have a good meal or are hanging out by a fire pit with music and getting lit in the summer. It just always had a good time attached to it so I wasn't going to lie to myself when I really questioned if I wanted to quit because truthfully I didn't.

Well this November my cough came back again and it felt just like the bronchitis I had a few years ago. I had one "emergency" cigarette left in my car visor Saturday Nov 12 and then didn't leave the house to buy a pack. Sunday I woke up miserable and stayed in coughing up nothing non-stop while my nose ran like a faucet. It was hard to breath and I couldn't take deep breaths without feeling constricted. Monday I woke up feeling 'better' but I stayed home and same Tuesday. Breaking routine helped me big time.

 All week I felt a little better until next Sunday again and the constricted breathing came back. I went to the doctor last Monday and was told I had asthmatic symptoms. I did a breathing treatment and was sent on my way with a prescription for steroids and albuterol.

Now I'm feeling better. I can breath deeply but I have little coughs throughout the day. I'm pretty much done with the prescriptions. I really don't crave cigarettes anymore. I had drinks with a friend over the weekend and wanted to use a vapor but I didn't and that passed pretty quickly.

I do have the hunger though. I really want to eat junk food every chance I get and drink Coke all the time so I need to keep an eye on that but it's a better trade-off than the smoke.

Bottom line, find your reason and if life presents you with one like you getting sick this winter, give it a shot to see how much quicker it passes and how you feel after, this could be the time it works!