Missed my month. But want to share what I learned.

I was going to come in here after being sober for a month and I completely missed the date. Perhaps that is a good thing though. I have to say it all went easier than I had expected. I had quit before, or rather TRIED before, and it always ended in failure. Eventually a friend or co-worker would drag me back in. I was smoking about a half-pack (give or take) a day for two and a half years. So not even close to the amount a lot of you smoke(d). Regardless, I would like to share with those of you on day one, starting over, or even those who have kicked the habit for years now. I want to share what I found most helpful. And there were 3 different things.

1) You are an addict. You must treat quitting cigarettes like you would treat quitting any other drug. When somebody tries to quit crack or meth, they are to delete the numbers of those who use and deal from their phone. Surely this is much harder with cigarettes due to the social acceptance and the fact your dealer is EVERYWHERE. But you still have to find ways to disassociate yourself with those around you who use nicotine. When they all go outside to smoke you are wholly responsible for giving yourself a reason to stay in. Keeping busy and apart from others who are smoking helps get rid of desires.

2) Your addiction is part of a routine. This is what I found made it so hard to quit. When I would be driving I would not feel right without a smoke. During my breaks at work, staying inside felt so awkward and unnatural. Even going out for my nightly walks just was not the same. I found the trick here is to replace the urge with something else. Mints, gum, cough drops, anything that keeps your hands and/or mouth busy. Writing and marijuana were huge helping factors for me. You just have to find something that will keep you busy and distracted. It's about what works for you personally though.

3) **YOU DO NOT SMOKE**. You are not quitting. You did not use to smoke. You just do not smoke. When people ask if you want to go out to smoke don't say "I'm trying to quit" say "no" instead. It's more powerful and after only a few days you start to believe it. Trick yourself into going back to the mentality you had BEFORE you started smoking. 

Sorry for the long post, but I'm just so happy to be smoke free for as long as I have been. And if anything I can say can bring somebody there with me, I will say it. The grass really is much greener on this side. This subreddit has been a huge help, and although my cravings are few and far between now (don't even remember the last time I had one) I intend on coming back here regularly. You guys keep me strong, and I just want to return the favor. Happy New Year, friends. 