Odd quit withdrawal cycle... Getting anxious for what may lie ahead.

I smoked my final cigarette on Saturday at 3pm, and then used the patch until yesterday at 8:00 AM. 

That means I am Cigarette free for about 70.5 hours and nicotine free for about 30 hours while writing this. 

Saturday night was alright, yeah I wanted a cig but I wasn't crying over it. Sunday I was great most of the day with some irritability around 3 or 4pm. Then I had some cravings around 9ish and was okay for the rest of the night. 
 Monday morning, I remove the patch at 7:44 technically, and don't start having really bad cravings until around 5 pm. There were some throughout the day, but nothing unbearable. 5 they start to escalate a bit, and from around 5:30 until 7:22 pm I am in AGONY. I am nauseous (minor vomiting), I am shaking, I can feel every cell in my body SCREAMING for nicotine. I am anger-eating pretzels by the handful. I just want to scream and fight. Finally I can't take it and I know I'm about to cave, so I get into a scorching hot shower. I sobbed heavily but silently for a few minutes, with no actual tears falling. It was odd, as if I was too angry and frustrated for tears but too sad for screaming, so my body created this weird in between. All at once, the worst of it went away, and I decided to get out some stress via self love if you catch my drift. 

Finally I got out of the shower, sat down on the ground for a few minutes, and felt perfectly okay. This was around 7:47 pm. 

I decided to get some icecream to comfort myself lol but ended up stopping at smoothie king and getting a small tropical smoothie instead. I politely chatted briefly with a person I didn't know worked there but whom I don't really like, and I was still in a very chipper and not feeling stressed that night. I decided to smoke a little ganja, read a book for a bit, and sleep. 

I woke up today and wanted a habitual cigarette, but then said to myself "oh that's right you quit". Then I moved on from that. 

It's 2:33 PM right now  still no cravings beyond instinctive habit driven ones - but as soon as I remember I'm not allowed to smoke bc I quit, that's it. No problem. Like, imagine cutting your hair really short after having it long, or taking off a watch after wearing one for years. Sometimes you're going to run your fingers through your hair of look at your wrist out of habit. This is how I feel about cigarettes on day two. 

I am pretty confused by this because I was a pack a day smoker plus ecig user (both simultaneously) for 6 years. The last month or so prior to quitting I was smoking more than a pack a day most days, usually a pack plus 2-5 more. So why did I only experience serious withdrawals for a few hours on day one and since then have been 95% craving free?

I am afraid that tonight will be like last night, but much much worse. I am hopeful that yesterday was the high point of my withdrawal and that the worst is behind me. 

Any insight for me??