I finally smoked my last cigarette.

Okay so I've been smoking since I was 15 or 16, I'm 22 now. I've made so many half assed attempts to quit during this time period I can't even count them. The one time I was super serious I made it about two weeks with the help of an e-cig. I would say that on average for the last three years I've smoked closer to a pack a day. The last six  months I've tried to reduce it to half a pack. The beginning of this month I was down to  about 5-8 a day.
 I've been leaning towards wanting to actually quit for probably about two years now. I just always find excuses to keep smoking. For those two years  I lived in a house with three other smokers so it was always something to do and shoot the shit. Prior to that, (and also with them) my friends and I liked to get fucked up a lot (various substances). So during those periods I would chain smoke because it made me feel less awkward  because I was doing something besides just sitting there. I remember waking up and feeling like absolute death, and I knew it was from the two packs I had blew through. Ive also always used smoking as a crutch for things. Feel awkward in social situations? Smoke. Terrified while driving on the highway? Smoke. Need something to do that makes you feel like you're killing time? Smoke. Have a long to-do list? Smoke inbetween each task. Stressed out? Oh a cigarette will help. I'm sick of justifying this terrible habit. 
Right now my biggest hurdle is I just took on a new  job. I'm now a manager at decently busy resturant where 80% of the people I associate with/consider my friends work at. I was promoted within and it's not going the best. So thats a lot of stress all around and I am constantly going outside to escape the craziness, or when I get mad, or when I want to actually feel kind of  normal again talking with people. When I took this job I also had to move out of my home with my boyfriend(old roommates work at this place) and into a new house that's much more expensive. Overall I want to pull my hair out. 

I didn't mean to make this a long rant. I'm just tired of always feeling like a worthless pile of shit and smelling bad and wasting money and poisoning myself and wasting my fucking life puff by puff.
 Enough excuses, I need to do this once and for all.