5 Year Quitting Anniversary, From a former pack a day smoker

Background: I smoked my first cigarette at age 15. I was a pack a day smoker with the brand name cigarettes "Newport" from the age of 18 - 23 years old. When I was drinking, I would smoke 2 packs of Newports in one day. I quit right before my 24th birthday, so I was a pack a day smoker for about 6 years. 

I tried to quit several times at age 23. I can't remember specifically, but I think I would only be able to go hours without one but I never got further then that. 

Then, one day I made it to a little over 3 days. I realized my sense of smell came back too and holy shit I felt like my nose was a hunting dogs nose, it was picking up EVERYTHING! 

Unfortunately, I relapsed on day 3. Some time after that, around October 19 - October 23 of 2012 (can't remember the specific date), I got down to my last pack of cigarettes. I finished off the whole pack and smoked my last cigarette from that pack on a cool October night on my back porch. I went to sleep with the determination never to smoke again. I was going to quit cold turkey, with only the support from a quit smoking forum and support from friends and family. 

The first 3 days were HELL for me! I told my boss I was quitting and I might be acting kind of strange the next few days, but the reason for that was because I was quitting. 

The agony didn't end after the first 3 days. During the first month, I consistently woke up in the middle of the night from nightmares. In my dreams, I would like a cigarette. I would wake up in a cold sweat, immediately sit up fast as hell and I would be breathing REALLY loud with my heart feeling like it was about to come out of my chest. I was scared in my dream because I didn't want to go back to day one. 

I had to go through triggers every fucking second, minute and hour that first month. The triggers never stopped. 

The first 3 months I started running in the park everyday. I couldn't see the progress my body was making with quitting cigarettes on the inside of my body, but I could measure my progress somewhat by running a couple of miles in the park. My 2 mile time kept getting better and better and the breathing started to become easier and easier. 

The first year, I had to go through all my triggers, though the triggers got better by the end of the year since I had already gone through so many triggers by that point. But yeah, I remember it literally took me about a year to face all of my triggers and that includes the changing of every season.

Years 2 - 5 I stayed away from cigarettes. Didn't smoke one.

So here I am, 5 years later. Here's something that none of you want to hear: Yes, sometimes I still get thoughts about smoking cigarettes. I wouldn't call them cravings, but it's like a light bulb goes off in my head and I think "wow, a cigarette would be really good right about now."

This happens rarely nowadays, but it does happen. It seems to happen randomly. Drinking is the big one where thoughts of a cigarette come into my head. Most of the time the smell of smoke smells nasty to me now. But every now and again, perhaps when it's a Newport cigarette, I'll get a REALLY strong thought in my head, I might even call it a craving, for about 10 seconds or so. The smell of cigarettes sometimes, for whatever reason, STILL smell so damn good to me sometimes.

But, again that's rare. 99% of the time when I smell cigarette smoke, it smells really bad and I want to get away from it. 

The good news? I can smell, I can taste food, my clothes don't stink, my breath doesn't smell like an ashtray (unless I kiss a girl who smokes, which by the way tastes fucking nasty but I still do it heh gotta do what you gotta do).

But one of the BIGGEST benefits is sexual. I can climax much easier, I have MUCH more feeling in my penis. I thought I had ED, but I think a large part of that was from smoking so many fucking cigarettes in a day that it messed up my blood flow. I will say this, my sexual performance has been MUCH better since quitting smoking and it's a joy to climax inside of somebody, instead of struggling to climax inside of somebody. 

Now, the biggest benefit is...........Less stress. Cigarettes are a lie, they create stress they don't relieve it. I'm no longer thinking about a cigarette every 45 minutes to one hour. My life doesn't revolve on the hour around my cigarette break like it used to.

The site that I used 5 years ago was called "We Quit" or something like that, it was a forum. On that forum you had a sub section (like a subreddit) for 1 day, 2 days, 3 days, 1 week, 1 month, 2 months and all the way up to 1 year. Then after 1 year it went to 5, 10 and 20+ years. 

That site was GOLD! Since each sub section was like a milestone, that motivated me to "advance" into the next sub, so to speak. it allowed me to "view into the future" on what it would be like when I had quit for 7 months, versus having quit at 4 months. I like that format a lot better then this subreddit, because this subreddit has random quitting dates on the front page where as the other forum it was organized and felt like an achievement when I got to post in the sub sections for hitting certain milestone quitting achievements. 

I would have posted there but I guess that forum has been removed, I can't find it after googling it. That forum helped me out a lot when I quit, it was a key to my success actually. It's to bad it's not around anymore. 

So, anyways I figured I would post my 5 year update here. I know this is more like a ramble, I apologize for that. I hope this helps somebody out there who is trying to quit. 

I know for me, in all honesty, I still do miss smoking sometimes and I do wish that I could be a casual smoker. But I know myself and I know that if i have just one more cigarette, I'm automatically back to being a pack a day smoker. 

So, for the most part I'm content that I'll never have a cigarette again in my lifetime. seeing as how I was a pack a day smoker for about 6 years which comes out to 43,800 cigarettes, add in the cigarettes I had at 15, 16, 17 before i was a pack a day smoker and add in the heavy nights of drinking, that means I've probably smoked around 50,000 cigarettes in my lifetime. I guess that means that I've smoked more then my fair share.

One last thing, even though it's been 5 years since I've quit I still know that I'll always be an addict and that rewiring of my brain will come back in an instant if I ever have another cigarette. So I hesitate to say that "I smoked my last cigarette in 2012" because all it takes is one simple and stupid mistake. 

Luckily, cigarettes are really a minuscule part of my life 5 years later, they are largely irrelevant though they will never go completely 100% away. Hopefully, that gives you guys reading this some hope. Good luck to you all, if you have any questions I'de be more then happy to answer!