3 weeks today - here's how I did it

I'd been smoking for years, given up a few times when I was younger but had been smoking for at least the last 10 years continuously. I always knew what a totally stupid thing it was to do, but it still never made me give up. The last few years though, the prices have been consistently going up whilst my wage stays pretty much the same.

I would constantly find an excuse as to why I was short of money. But the simple fact was that I was spending roughly £400pm on them. This along with my rent, bills etc meant simply that I was spending more than I was earning. 

So me and my girlfriend decided to quit together. We decided on Monday. It was a risk as it's my busiest day, but this is also the reason I decided on that day. We were both also due to get paid by the end of the week, so we wanted to stop before then, otherwise I knew from previous attempts that I'd just end up carrying on again.

Monday morning I still smoked as usual. Once I got into work, I said that's it and used a nicotine patch. Part of me was thinking of this as not properly giving up, but I knew that as I smoked strong cigarettes the nicotine cravings would be very strong as well. These really helped with the cravings strength and would strongly recommend them.

The no smoking app from here is absolutely brilliant. Even just seeing the first minute elapse was exciting, and setting the goal for my savings was great. I really, really recommend installing it. Full of amazing tips and helpers. 

When the cravings were strong, I would hold my invisible cigarette, take a big drag and let out a massive exhalation. I would then keep telling myself that if I've been off them for a few hours I can do a few more. I would keep on reminding myself of all the money I was saving.

The second day was better than expected. Having completed a whole day already and seeing that all the carbon monoxide had left my body, I could see no reason to go back. By the third or fourth day, I was almost forgetting to put the patches on as I was going for ages without even thinking about smoking.

The biggest thing for me was taking £20 out at the beginning of the week, and aside from a few things to eat, still having practically all of it left. I was no longer buying 1-2 packets every single day, spending £7-15 each time. My taste buds and sense of smell have really come back, it's amazing how I didn't notice them before. When I can smell other smokers from several metres away it makes me realise that's how I would have smelt.

Finally, when I see people smoking now I can see it for what it is - an addiction. There isn't a *single* good thing about smoking.