My Cave

Sorry for the super long post. These thoughts kept rolling around my head last night and I wanted to get them out. 

My Cave

I used to live in a cave. I lived there for more years than I would like to admit. It was pretty nice as caves go. Actually, if I am to be honest with myself, that cave wasn’t nice at all. It kinda sucked and was just a hole. That cave smelled quite nasty. I suppose over the years I got used to the smell. I could not really even tell anymore. It was cold, dark and damp and I got sick quite a bit because it was so drafty. Over a pretty quick period of time my eyes got adjusted to the darkness of the cave. That made it Okay even though I really did miss the light and the sunshine.

So, what kept me in this cave? There were no bars or chains that held me there. No guards by the exit or perilous Indiana Jones type stuff. I stayed there because it was easy and comfortable. Plus, I had some good times there with friends. Maybe that is why I thought I liked this cave. 

The exit to the cave was more difficult to get out of than I am letting on to. The architect that built the stairway out of the cave was a pretty sick and twisted dude. The stairway is a series of really steep and narrow steps. If you put your feet together, each step was barely wide enough to support your feet. You can only climb one step per day. That is fine by me, because it took herculean effort just to traverse one step each day. 

Because the steps where so narrow on my passage way out of my cave, there was nowhere to lay down to sleep. I had to sleep standing up and did not get much sleep as you might imagine. The stairs were a hard wood that drove splinters into the bottom of my feet. Wobble a little bit too much to the left or right and you would fall right off the steps. You could also jump off if the journey got to difficult. You would land right back in your comfy, nasty, smelly, dark, damp cave again. 

This wasn’t my first time on these stairs. I had been here a few times before. In the past I had a few drinks and wobbled off the stairs. Once I stubbed my toe and fell off. A couple of times I felt that the way out was just too hard, and jumped off feet first back into my cave. 
  
On my last attempt with my steep and narrow stairway, I found that at the top of the third step, the stair widened just a bit. Enough for me to sit down and rest. With each step after that, the stairs got a little bit wider and less steep each day. I could hear my buddies up ahead call back to me that it gets easier each day. I desperately hoped that was true because this was hard work.
After a few months on the stairs, I have gotten to a point where the stairs are wide, and smooth on my feet. There is enough room to lie down and sleep and the step up each day is not that much of a chore. My buddies were right. It does get easier each day. I still could fall off but I feel stronger and less likely to wobble. My stairway is still not fully lit. I can still see people a few hundred steps up and they look so cool. I guess I kinda envy them, even though I am grateful where I am at. 

The cool kids up on the higher steps are wearing shorts and tank tops with dark shades. It is so bright and sunny up there I bet you couldn’t see without sunglasses. One of the things that I can’t understand is that a few of the people up so high sometimes stumble to the edge of the stairs and fall or jump right off. They tell me they have their reasons but I think that the cave is just playing mind tricks on them. They fall into the abyss, all the while their eyes are quickly adjusting back to the darkness. I hope they get back on the stairs soon. The cave gets worse the longer you are down there. 

I take a deep breath and inhale the fresh air all around me with a faint song on the wind singing of non-smokers.   
