Quit smoking with me? Habit-based approach

Hey Folks,

I'm going to *start* quitting smoking tomorrow using a habit-based approach I developed after reading "The Power of Habit" by Charles Duhigg. 

(Has anyone here done something similar?)

I know this system can work because I quit once before using this same method for nine months (after smoking for 20 years). 

Then the stress of an international move, starting a new business, and, well, there's no good excuse, I simply f'd up and started smoking again. 

It's been just over a year since I lit up again and I'm motivated to give quitting another go. 

And well, I'd like for you to join me!

Here's step-by-step how it works:

1) We'll find positive motivation to quit.

Traditional quit methods try to scare us into quitting with scary pictures of people dying (that we don't know or care about) or using crazy statistics about how soon we'll die. I'm sorry, this rarely works long term. 

Same goes for making you feel guility about cigarettes draining the bank account or making you a social outcast. 

Quitting for these reasons will only drain your limited willpower. I've found that using positive motivation works much better.

2) We'll identify all the habits that drive us to smoke and learn how to rewire them.

Coffee, alcohol, food, stress, excitement, sex, friends who smoke...there are tons of triggers that drive us to smoke that have NOTHING to do with our nicotine addiction. 

If you don't understand these habits and learn how to rewire them, you'll be dealing with cigarette cravings for life. (Read the Power of Habit if you're interested in learning more about this.)

3) We'll develop a detailed quit gameplan that makes quitting mindless.

We'll work together to not only rewire our smoking habits, but develop strategies for dealing with nicotine withdrawl, dealing with alcohol, social settings, etc. 

No stone will be left unturned, and you won't actually quit til you're 100% confident that nothing stands in your way.

4) Then WE QUIT! Or try. And support each other. And keep in touch!

Now, let me be really clear:

I'm not selling this. I'm not an expert. I dont' have a blog or web site.

Heck, I don't even have an exact idea how we'll communicate and help keep each other accountable. 

But, I am a personal trainer and fat loss coach in real life, so I know a thing or two about motivating people, creating accountability, developing rock solid game plans, and coaching people all the way through to their goals.

So, will this be easy?

Nope.

Will this be fun?

Maybe.

Will you quit?

I sure as hell hope so. (And that goes for me too.)

Anyone game?

