It's My Time to Stop

It's my time to stop.

I'm not a particularly heavy smoker; I have between one and four per day.  I started three years ago, right around the time my girlfriend and I broke up (we had been together for four years).  I did smoke hookah occasionally to often before then.  It's time it all stops now.  I've been having this lump in my throat feeling (globus sensation) for the past few months (comes and goes, no trouble eating, breathing, etc) and I don't know if it has anything to do with smoking, but I know I need to stop.  

I've gone through a lot of stress recently:  work has been super stressful, I've had a few deaths in the family, and I've been constantly worried about the long-term effects of my smoking.  I have a friend that I see a few times a week for a hobby we both share, and we usually have a cigarette or two afterwords.  That's going to be the hardest thing to let go of, but I'm hoping they're supportive (I have no reason to see why they wouldn't be).

I remember when I had to admit to myself I was a smoker.  I remember telling myself when I started that this was temporary, but of as we all know, it doesn't work that way.  Temporary turned in to three years, and now it's time to stop.

I've already been cutting back: I used to always have a smoke in the morning, but I haven't had one of those in months.  I'm feeling pretty optimistic about quitting.  My parents don't know I smoke and I had to go visit them because of one of the aforementioned deaths.  I managed to not smoke from the time I left home to the time I got to the airport (~2.5 days).  I know it won't always be that easy, but I know I can do it.

Not many people, except for my closest friends know I smoke, so I'm kind of bearing this all out on the internet (albeit anonymously....real-life friends know my username here).  It's sappy as fuck, but I'm actually holding back a tear right now because I've never actually sat down and wrote all this out....it's pretty cathartic.  I looked at the quitting timeline and I'm looking forward to it all (seriously, my biggest fear ever is if I would need a stoma, but I think I will dodge that bullet as I'm in my late 20s and not particularly heavy, but who knows....)

Well that's my story.  Thanks for reading.  Any encouragement is appreciated. 