Want to quit, did quit, also quit my relationship with my wisdom teeth. Now how to stay quit?


TL;DR: 24 hours smoke free, don't NEED a cig, WANT one because life has become unfun, asking how to replace the "fun" a cig gives. want experiences from people.

Got my wisdom teeth out yesterday, I've had two others out before, know the drill. I know the risks, the pain, the suffering that could happen if I smoke after extractions. So I went to my primary for patches and he counselled me for a little bit. He was realistic and helpful, explained risks, and he knows my history. My history is that I am a recovering opiate addict. 

I've been sober over a year and half now. My primary said he'd rather me smoke than do drugs, I agree, and that's been my justification all along. There's other relevant history too, I got a major sleeping disorder that can't be fixed, isn't about staying asleep or nothing like that, so I take adderall. It helps me feel awake since I cannot ever get restful sleep. So that compounds all the effects of smoking, vasoconstriction, blood pressure, heart rate and all that stuff. I know this unfortunately.

I don't smoke much, maybe a half pack a day. It doesn't make it any better, because that can easily be 1-2 a day. No doubt in my mind, I am no exception, I said that with a few pills then it was more. So I know that route.

Thing is, and I know this isn't mentally healthy but I just hate my life, hate this economy, gotta lot of problems and expenses and not a lot of fun. I don't have much fun in my life, work sucks, this election killed sales for me which is tough, so no fun there. I don't have many friends I stay in contact with, or ones that can hangout and stuff, the only friend I got is my coworker whos 3 times my age. I literally don't communicate with people my age, let alone women my age(I'm a straight guy). 

So in essence all this crap I'm telling you is for nothing, smoking won't fix it, I know but I wanna hear from others how they deal with it all and not smoking. Smoking is something I like, it's my way of dealing with all the lack of fun, excitement, enjoyment in my life. 

I am not depressed, I see a therapist, I know what depression is and looks like. It's more of the way the world has become, things are super expensive, but your pay goes down, the whole world has become super unfun with terrorism, expenses, police, laws, liability, lawsuits, and paranoia. 

So what can I possibly do to replace that little bit of enjoyment a cigarette contains? I don't have many cravings, might be the patch though, but it's more of "I'm bored and need something..." feeling and feels like a thing I WANT not NEED.  