Quit, but worried about starting again

So, July 4th was my first day without a cigarette in roughly 15 years.  

I decided to go the Chantix route and it did help.  I continued smoking while taking it for about 2 weeks leading up to July 4th.  I was down to 2-3 cigarettes per day before totally quitting.  This is down from a little over a pack per day (~25/day).

Really, I haven't gotten bad cravings -- or at least not how I have experienced them in the past when I tried to go cold turkey.  Those were intense and felt like all my muscles just wanted to burst.  Some kind of weird anxiety I guess.  Either way, it's not what I've experienced this time.

This time, it seems like way more of a straight-up mental battle.  At first it seemed I was just fighting the feeling of "I should be smoking now".  For instance, driving in the car, going outside with the dogs, etc.  The times I would have normally smoked.

I largely dealt with that by trying to redirect onto flavored toothpicks that I got before I quit.  I figured they would help and, mostly, they seem to have.

I guess my problem/concern is that I'm a month out and I still frequently would like to have a smoke.  I wonder if that means I wasn't really ready to quit?  I try to keep reminding myself that towards the end, when I was still smoking, there were times where I'd look at my cigarette and think to myself, "I don't feel like I'm getting anything from this anymore, and I can FEEL my blood pressure right now -- this needs to end."

But like I said, I'm still frequently wanting to just quit taking Chantix and go have a smoke.  Maybe it's laziness on my part.

For now, I keep taking the drug, because it's easy to convince myself to take it.  It takes seconds, and after I take it, I know that even if I were to smoke, I wouldn't feel any relief from it -- so I don't smoke. 

Some of it also is I don't want to feel like I've let down my wife (really wants me to quit), or display to some of the friends that I told I quit that I couldn't do it.  Maybe a cheesy excuse, but still a powerful motivator for me.

Mostly, I feel like I'm only not smoking because I keep taking Chantix and just know it won't let me have relief.  I'm worried that once my prescription is up, I'll end up caving in and having a smoke again -- quickly returning to my pack-a-day habit.  I know I'm not one of those people that can just have one every once in awhile.  Whatever it is about my personality ... I'd end up right back where I was.

My doc said to let her know if I wanted another 3 months of the prescription after the first batch if I felt I needed it.  At this point, I feel like I will need it.  But I wonder if that will just be extending what I'm feeling now, or if it would really make a difference.  I have a little over a month left before I would need to go get her to write a prescription for the additional 3 months.

Anyhow .. I'll stop rambling.  But if anyone else experienced something similar and has any tips for how you got over it, please let me know.  Even if it's that I just need to give it time, that would be good to hear.  I can do an extra 3 months of Chantix if I know that eventually this will all slowly fade away.  But if I'm being honest with myself, if it's just going to delay my return to smoking by 3 months then I'd rather just go on back to it than feel like I'm fighting a losing battle.