A Magnum Opus on Quitting

Long time lurker, first time posting. Apologies, but trying to face the New Year headfirst.

Dear Cigarettes,

We have had a lot of good times together. I think that’s what makes saying goodbye so hard. You were, without a doubt, the one friend I could always count on. If it was a bad day at work, you were there. If I was struggling through school work, you were there. If I was out drinking with my buddies and some girl shot me down, you were there. No matter how shitty things felt, I could always go outside, have a few drags, clear my head, and come back a sharper, happier, better, more alert version of me. And that’s what makes saying goodbye so hard.

We began our affair when I was still in high school, a swimmer no less. My friend Isaiah talked about how much he wanted a cigarette one day when we were finishing up skiing. I had never had one before. A few weeks later I stole one out of Uncle Richard’s pack. When I was home that weekend I snuck out onto the back porch and smoked it; it was terrible.

But then one of my friends bought me a pack of cigarillos, mini cigars the size of cigarettes. I remember sitting on my back porch with those, inhaling as you are definitely not supposed to do, and enjoying my first nicotine rush. I felt light headed, the stars spun, and I understood why some people loved tobacco so much.

And so it went from there. I never really enjoyed smoking weed, but I had no shortage of friends who did. So when it came time for them to go outside and spark a bowl, I would go have a cigarette with them. It was a way to be a part of the experience and continue the conversation without feeling too out of place.

I worked at Target my senior year of high school. That job sucked, but I made use of my 15 minute break to step out back and have a smoke. It felt good. There were a few girls I went to high school with who worked there too. “You? You smoke? I never would have guessed!” It felt badass; it was a counterpoint to my straight A, captain of the swim team, Eagle Scout image. It felt good.

My parents caught me a few times on the back deck. My mom was livid, Dad was unhappy in a separate “I’ve been there, but don’t fucking do that to yourself” kind of way. I was in high school, so I promptly chalked their disapproval up to the cliché ‘you don’t know me and my life’ phase that most high school kids face.

I knew it was a bad thing when Hannah, a very good friend who I had an enormous crush on all through high school, signed my yearbook in part “please quit smoking.” Fuck. She probably wouldn’t have dated me anyway, but it was still a wakeup call.

I had grand ambitions of quitting when I went to college. Who wouldn’t? It’s an opportunity to reinvent yourself. That lasted about a week, until our first fire alarm on a Tuesday because somebody burned popcorn in their microwave or something. And there we were standing outside, and I found myself bumming a cig off my buddy Noah.

And so it sorta went for the next two years of college. Funny story, smoking at a top tier, elitist liberal arts college does not go over well. But I didn’t care, because I had a paper due tomorrow, and hey, whatever, I’ll do what it takes to get that done. And god damn, there was no more beautiful place to have a smoke than the fire escape off my dorm sophomore year. And shit, we’re on the table next bro, we’ve got some beiruit to play, get your head in the game. And yet, I wondered how I had a hard time finding a girlfriend. Yeah, here’s a hint: ciggs. smell. fucking. gross.

At the time I was blinded by the fact that a lot of girls at parties would bum them off me. And that I had friends who smoked. And it was a great way to take a break from the party. Step outside, clear your head, chat for a bit, then head back inside and grab another beer.
 
And my god, if you’re working late on a paper? I still have a theory about people my age “abusing” Adderall and other similar drugs when they’re in school; I’m pretty sure it stems from the fact that it’s socially unacceptable to drink a pot of coffee and smoke a pack of cigarettes anymore. Talk to Mom and Dad, I’m pretty sure that’s how they got it done. But that’s a rant for another day.
 
I quit the summer of my junior year of college. I was home for that summer working an internship in the city. I worked out a lot. I felt great. I told myself I would come back to school ready to chase down pretty freshmen girls.
I went out that fall, free of cigarettes. I definitely did not get laid more. But I felt better. And I could swim farther, and run faster without feeling terrible. I went abroad that spring. I met an amazing girl. “I’m so glad you don’t smoke anymore,” she said, “I would never have kissed you.”

Is there any better reason to not smoke ever again? Well funny story, after about 8 beers, it starts to seem like a good idea again. Because that’s the worst part about it. When you’re drinking, you just want. a. fucking. smoke.

I came back to school senior year with a girlfriend, albeit long distance, who I loved deeply. And because I was long distance, I could get away with things. I never cheated on her. Ever. But did I smoke a lot of cigarettes when I was at the library late working on my thesis? Yes. And I still feel bad about it.

I interviewed a lot and got a good job lined up for when I graduated. I graduated. Started said job in a town where I knew nobody. Girlfriend couldn’t make the move. Tried again to quit. Started again shortly thereafter, because yeah, working? It’s stressful. And I wanted an outlet. And my buddy Wen-Fu who sat next to me was walking outside a few times a day for one. Might as well join him right?

My roommate at the time both enabled each other. We found each other on Craigslist. Probably the first night we were in the apartment together, there came a point where we both quietly slipped outside. When we came back, we could smell it on each other.  What’s that meme with Denzel from Training Day? Yeah, we had one of those moments.

Had a lot of tests to take that were work related. The CFA is a nightmare. Got through it, don’t think I could have without the excessive amount of smoking I did. Still while flying down to see my girlfriend once a month.

Took a job in New York City. Big professional advancement, big pay raise. Girlfriend decided she had had enough of long distance, didn’t want to move to New York, we broke up.
 
Smoking picked up exponentially. I still don’t do it at work, but anytime you go through a tough time, you find yourself leaning on old friends. I have old friends in this town, but they aren’t always there, particularly when you’ve had a rough Tuesday and just want to sit on your couch, crack a beer, and rip a butt.

So I find myself alone in New York City. I’m not asking for sympathy, because I think there are few places in the world better to be single than New York. 

But this is not Mad Men, and most twenty something girls fucking despise smoking.

And that’s why I want to quit.
 
Because I don’t want to be alone.

And I don’t want to have to make to choice between the cute girl I met the other night and a night out boozing and smoking with my friends.

Because I don’t want to have to hide anything from you on that first date.

And more importantly, because I don’t want to have to hide anything from myself. And be happy with who I am as a person.

For those who have friends who smoke who you want to quit, I offer the following advice:

•	The time to say “I care about you as a friend, and I don’t want you to smoke” is NOT at the bar after a few drinks. My college roommate used to try to swat cigarettes out of my mouth. My friends who are now in med school have tried to confront me before after a few beers. Trust me, I know this is bad for me, but I am drunk, I don’t care, and my gut reaction is “FUCK YOU, I want a smoke.” Most smokers have done stupid things in search of cigarettes. I have gotten behind the wheel when I definitely should not have, just to go to the gas station to buy a pack. Talk to them when they’re sober. (Side note, don’t let them do dumb things like drive to the gas station when they’re drunk).

•	Quitting is about you, not about anyone else. Nobody has ever successfully quit because someone else wants them to, they quit because THEY want to. Trust me. I can buy a pack of Camels at any gas station, unless I do not want to buy them, I can. And I can be very creative at hiding it from you or anyone else.
 
•	Smokers have trigger mechanisms. Smoking and drinking go phenomenally well together but everyone knows that. Beyond that, we typically have something not so fun that pulls us back to it. Parents, ex girlfriends/boyfriends, etc. Trust me, it’s there. Like I said, I think for most smokers cigarettes are an old friend to lean on when no one else was there.

•	It is an addiction. Unless you’re 16, it’s not something you do to be “cool” (and trust me, if you’re reading this when you’re 16, cut it the fuck out). Most of us who smoke started a while ago, and it has become engrained in many parts of our life. Picture all you’re craving is a hot, juicy, pepperoni pizza and all you can eat is salad. That is what anyone trying to quit smoking is going through. And all they have to do is call Dominos and it will be there in 30 minutes. That’s what makes it so hard. It’s there, they want it, but it takes a lot of will power to say “no, I don’t want this anymore.”

I will be trying to quit come January 1. This will be the third try, hopefully this time it takes. If there is anyone in New York with similar New Year’s resolutions, I’d love to start a support group.

    
