I'm becoming more and more convinced that this time is finally for good

This quit started off semi-planned, semi-spontaneous. I had run out of my own tobacco and was trying to at least limit myself just to bumming from other people. Bummed one smoke in such a fashion, then started to get sick the next day and was sick for the next several days, which made it pretty easy to just be cold turkey. Did a lot of reflecting during that time and started to feel like it was really for good. Was really feeling like I'm doing a good thing for myself instead of depriving myself. Conversation with a good friend who quit for a while helped solidify things too. Despite being sick, I was in a generally bright and grateful headspace for many days and that really helped too.

I was still a little worried though, as it was a mostly stress-free set of days, and low stress plus being sick all definitely make it easier for me to ignore any tobacco cravings. Today started off on kind of a bad foot and so was my first real test, was feeling pretty meh most of the day and really started to fantasize about just having a cigarette to "deal" with it, i.e. engage in some very conscious self-destruction as a way to help myself just give up on the day entirely, since it didn't feel super salvageable. But, the reflection I'd done in the previous days helped me to want to fight that urge more than I have in quit attempts in the past. I browsed this sub for a while and that helped somewhat, especially some comments about how all smoking again would really do would be to remind me how hard it was to get the first stretch of non-smoking. As I left the office, I was still feeling rather on the edge, telling myself maybe I'd go home and hit an ecig a little, as a compromise. But, despite still feeling generally low, and not even having planned to go to the gym today, I sort of let myself just go on auto-pilot and biked to the gym instead of home. Didn't really feel like working out, but I already biked to the gym, so then I worked out hard for a little while, and by the time I was done, no more cigarette cravings at all.

That small/huge victory improved my mood about my day too and I've been actually productive since getting home, instead of moping around contemplating tobacco/beating myself up over relapsing, like I probably would have had I let myself go straight home. Huzzah!

Bit long-winded of a post, so thanks if you read all the way through. I'm proud and just wanted to share with someone. :)