12 Year relationship down the drain because my sisters SO chose smoking over her.

*Was it really worth it?*

My sister has never been a smoker and she absolutely detests it, but saying that, she understands that smoking is an addictive habit.

When she got into a relationship with her, now ex SO, he promised that he'd quit smoking for her.

You can bash my sister for being unsupportive and making him choose an ultimatum, but in reality, he shouldn't of made a promise like that on their first day together.

She done everything she could to help support him in trying to quit, over the years he went from a pack of 20 a day to 2 or 3 a day and although this is progress he still just didn't want to quit.

She got him gum, patches, e-cigs, helped organise a quit meeting, support, everything and he was willing to go. However, over the past couple of months he basically told her he didn't *want* to quit. Not yet anyway. Isn't that what all addicts say? 'Not yet. After Christmas. Maybe next year. Maybe my next birthday. When I feel like it.'


So she then gave him the final choice, as she doesn't want to spend the rest of her life with someone worrying about if he could die at any moment (she has underlying anxiety issues and worries constantly). She's lost sleep worrying about him getting sick, worrying about wether he really cares for her or his own health.

She asked me the same question, when I used to be a smoker;

> If your SO asked you to quit when you were still smoking, knowing he would leave you if you didn't, what would you have said? Would you have chosen smoking over him?


This was a difficult question to answer, smoking is a terribly addictive thing. I think if my SO pressurised me into quitting smoking I probably would have called the relationship off. Because in my addiction-filled state, I don't think I could've handled the stress. Butter-coated it somewhat, 'You don't understand, you don't smoke, it's not easy etc.'

I just told her that a person can only quit if they **want** to quit. You can't make someone quit. Because otherwise things will go back to square one.

**If you know someone who is concerned for your health that doesn't smoke, then please take into considerations their worries and fears too. You may think it's selfish that they tell you what you're doing is wrong, of course they don't understand. And they may never do. But it's only because they care. The arguments and tears aren't worth the pain at the end of the day.**



> Edit: I'm not condoning the actions of my sister nor am I saying what she done was right. I told her what she was doing was ultimately wrong, but that's just how her mentality is. However entirely judging her personality because of this 1 thing is pretty retarded of some of you. It's a huge concern to her as she is working as a nurse, she's seen people suffer because of cigarette smoking and has had to read up on every single health concern surrounding it. She's seen families fall apart because of the health consequences and that has ultimately lead to her final opinion on not wanting to be with a smoker at all. She just couldn't bare with the *what if's* surrounding the possibilities with him smoking after looking after people in hospital. I didn't feel like I had to give a back-story of such on a post like this but fucking christ if you're gonna inbox me calling my sister a cunt you're, what, basing judgement of her character off one fucking Reddit post? You've clearly got issues if something like this offends you. I merely posted this as a sort of message to people to take into consideration how friends/family may see you as a smoker if you're still smoking. If that's so hard to understand then by all means please join the moronic bandwagon.

As a sidenote this isn't aimed at anyone specifically in the comments, minus the odd one or two but lets not name names. Just the fuckwits who thought it'd be best to write a fucking essay on my sister being the biggest cunt alive, I mean, really?!