Reset my badge... 119 days.

Well, here we go again. Posting here because this forum helped me quit the last time. Kept me accountable. My last post was maybe two months into my quit. About 60 days. This time I am going to continue posting, I think that if I would have stuck with it, I probably won't be here now at zero days. 

Most recently I stopped smoking in about November of 2015 with the help of this subreddit. It wasn't the first time that I quit. Back in 2012, I quit for almost two entire years. Started up again after one puff when I took a friend home from my house. 

So I quit again in November of 2015, and was doing absolutely amazing.. this subreddit was such a great support system. I was proud that I had finally managed to drop the tobacco again.

In late January, my car broke down. I wasn't able to transport myself from place to place, or even get to work. Which is very important, as my boyfriend and I live together and split everything 50/50. Lucky for us he has a large family, and was able to borrow a family members car while I used his vehicle for the time. My mom ended up in the hospital after another mini-stroke. I finally purchased a new car with my tax money, and a week later found out the motor was absolutely screwed. All of my money just GONE. I just couldn't take it anymore. I bummed a cigarette off someone at work, and the story unfolds from there. Picked up a pack on my way home in my boyfriends car. All excuses, dumb dumb dumb. 

I'm so disappointed in myself. November - January I picked up yoga again. I felt great, like I was moving forward. I stopped when I started smoking again because I felt like such a hypocrite. 

So here I am, now March, and I have been smoking again for about a month. (don't worry, I already messaged mods to remove my badge, 119 days, now back to zero). 

But I am going to do it again, tomorrow is the day. Cold turkey, as always. I have about three cigarettes left, and another six hours of my shift. I'm NOT picking up another pack on my way home, and I have two days off from work where I will be with boyfriend. (he has always made sure when I am home I'm not smoking, bless him). 

So, alright /r/stopsmoking. Tomorrow (or technically today at 7AM), I will no longer be a smoker. 

Wish me luck, and I will talk to all of you soon. (-: