Do I quit again now, or do I wait until Saturday morning? PLEASE HELP!

Should I quit now? Or should I wait until Saturday morning. I work overnights. It's lonely. Have nobody to talk to. Get bored, and start craving a cigarette. It's a full eight hour shift of doing absolutely nothing but sitting in an office listening to people walk out to have a smoke. I go into work tonight in about two hours. 

I work overnight tonight, and tomorrow, and then I am off for three days. I've always found it hard to refrain from smoking on these overnight shifts. 

My question is should I quit NOW? Have that one last cigarette before my shift, and just carry on through these two overnight shifts miserable. 

Or should I wait until Saturday morning when I have three entire days off following?

I still have half a pack. But I feel repulsed when thinking about finishing it. I could smoke one last cigarette, and then destroy the pack. 

I've struggled to stop smoking for too damn long. I quit for two years when I was 21 (I'm 25 now). Started again after I took one puff dropping a friend who smoked at home. Picked up a pack on my way back home, and smoked again for another year or so. 

I quit again last October. I didn't smoke a single cigarette until February of this year. Then some things happened, you've all heard the story. Rough day at work, family member in the hospital, fight with the SO. Car broke down. Had no transportation. It all happened at once. I broke down and rode my bike all the way down the damn street to the gas station. I've been smoking on and off since then, still trying to quit completely. 

I've had enough. I broke down again last week and bought a stupid pack before work. 

My mom is sick again in the hospital. Heart problems. They've done blood testing and can't find what's wrong. It's a serious problem. The reason I bring this up is because it's scary. She's healthy. Never smoked in her life. Mid 40s. Exercises and eats healthy. My family has a history of health problems. 

Grandma died from smoking. Grandpa died from smoking. 

This is what truly motivates me to quit. Mom still thinks I don't smoke. It hurts me when I have to lie to her. I'm embarrassed. 

I just know that work is my biggest trigger. Do I face it head on now? I'm nervous about walking into work tonight without that pack. 

I won't lie. I've snuck shorts from the ashtray out front. Absolutely disgusting. Someone please tell me how awful it is. I already know it is. But I need to hear how gross it is. The health risks. 

If I quit smoking tonight I would definitely Waterlog that ashtray the moment I get there. 

Someone help. Please! Do I wait until Saturday morning? Should I toss it now?! 

I NEED your advice. I need you guys to tell me how disgusting it is. Please.