Definitely not going to smoke tonight.

Decided again yesterday that I was going to attempt to quit smoking. Not the first time, I quit for two years when I was 21. Started again at 23, stopped again for about six months, and then again for about 120 days. It's been a rough road, that's for sure, but I *refuse* to give up. 

I've probably tried to quit at least three or four times already this year. I have given up on my way to work, and on my way home from work every single time. I refuse to do that this time. I know it's not easy now, but in three weeks, and then a month, and then two months, I know it will just get easier and easier.

When I quit for two years, I never even thought about smoking after awhile. It wasn't until I was driving a friend of mine home, and she had a cigarette. I took one puff, and on my way back home, picked up a pack. That's how easy it is to go into a full relapse. I could have stopped there, called it a speed bump, and continued on my way. But that one puff brought my cravings back *full force*. It was like I was on day one all over again.

My biggest trigger as I mentioned, is at work. I don't smoke when I'm home. Not anymore. I haven't in *years*. I don't smoke when I am driving. I ONLY smoke at work. 

I work overnights, and I am by myself. It's a hotel gig, and I get to hear people walking out the front doors all night long to get their nicotine. It's hard to not walk out there after them. I just have to remember that most likely, they would like to be able to quit too. But I can't help at the moment, to be a little bit jealous.

I get bored, I get lonely, there is nobody to talk to from 11pm - 7am. But after I get home, I don't even think about that cigarette. 

After tonight, I have three days off, and then I work all day shifts for the next four days after that. I keep telling myself that I just need to get through tonight. The next few days will be easy since I *only* smoke on overnight shifts. 

Thanks everyone for commenting and being supportive. This time, I will NOT let that one puff get in my way. 