Starting the endeavor soon, need accountability. (Introduction)

Well hello there.

I am going to endeavor the quitting time, and am making a go of being held accountable for if I should slip. I am not a strong willed person, so I'm hoping there will be plenty of support for me here. That said, when I do really set my mind to something, it definitely happens.

Story: I've been smoking for almost 10 years. I came from a household where both parents smoked; my mom even admitted a few years ago that she smoked during one of her pregnancies.

I began smoking light as mostly a social thing, but it quickly grew to a terrible pack-a-day-plus habit. I did successfully quit for about 4 months early on, but took it up again with a vengeance as a direct response to a debilitating break-up. Sorry for the sob story there.

Cue up to now. I have a 3 year old son, 4 in November (and no, I couldn't even quit while I was pregnant, so there's plenty of guilt to go with everything). We are living with my boyfriend, also a smoker, have been for about 6 months now. The big man works, I take care of the little man and dog all day.

The big thing that has triggered this desire to quit is, really, just the amount of money we spend on the habit in any given month. I can budget for food for the 3 of us on $200 or $300 a month. When so much of our monthly net income is doled out to rent, electric, internet, and entertainment, that's around what we have left. However, that budget gets really tight when we spend more than we make on cigarettes. It becomes balancing whether we risk late fees and interest (which my boyfriend (rightly) doesn't want to do), or eat. Our CC is...despicable. It's all nicotine, except for maybe 200 of it.

I was personally kinda stressed about that money. And quitting is easily the fastest way to save that money. I only wish I could make the big man quit with me, but, if you're not ready then you're not ready.

I still have a good portion of my last pack left. I began this week (Monday) with 3 of them. I'm terrified of the crankiness to come. I'm terrified of the end of the day. I'm also psyching myself up to at least cut back enough that the rest of this pack will last me, hell even until the end of the week is a good improvement.

I want to be done with it. I don't care if it's hard, it needs to be over with. I can't deny that I'd be happy just to know I've cut back on the habit. But that is money we need for other things. Our savings. Our bills. Our son. Our dog of Satan.

How did others deal with these feelings, when they made the decision? What things did you fill that "extra time" with? (I'm a woman of hobbies and handicrafts, seriously, if I can have a billion things to keep my hands busy that will help enormously.) Is there a lot of people out there who wanted to cut back, only to find that the quitting was...I don't know, easier than just less?

Please do kick my butt. I may not be strong willed, but I will definitely do things and make them happen just because I told you so, I fucking told you so.

Tl;dr: heading into it soon, help me be less anxious. :(