rant about giving up

almost there
wish I wasn't, but deep inside it's a powerful calling
heard it so many times already,cause I fucked up so many quits
I wish I didn't
I'm a sad piggie
the thing that I regret the most is I took 7 days free from work to give up, I made so many plans about my healthy me, and now, out of the sudden, my chest is so confident I will give him some smoke, I'm a different person already, I'm not used to the good life of a non smoker, of staying clean, puff, puff, hardly moving. I even ran for almost 100 km this October. and the coughs left me. I wish I could cry for my lost health, for the damage I've done to this body, God, nature or whoever gave it to me to live in it. The lonely, depressed me, intoxicating myself aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa i never realized how fucked up I am cause I would hide myself into smoke. The lucidity was taken out of me. It's surreal how I can stay for hours on this chair without smoking those fucking nasty chemicals that break us all down in many ways. Fuck you world for making me a smoker. Fuck you all smokers who made me believe I'm doing the right thing when I joined the club. You are all just as dumb fucks as I was. You are fucking addicted to this poison. When your children see you smoke, they'll think it's fine. First, when they're little, they'll think it's outrageous, but when they grow up, just like me, they'll smoke a million of them. Imagine 612 ciggars = the number of ciggs I haven't smoke since I quit. 


PS: After writing this rant, I am less likely to go for a smoke. Sorry for the disturbing thoughts, but they hit me!