There are 20 in a pack....

Where I live there are 20 cigarettes in a pack.  Under a different account I made a comment in another thread about how I've quit long term in the past and (stupidity aside for why I'm back here) have been spending the last few days analyzing how I really don't enjoy ANY of those 20 cigarettes.  I know the feeling I'm having now and I'm now confident that I'm done (for ever this time).  My findings below:


There are 20 cigarettes in a pack:



 1.) I hate the first one I smoke because as soon as I light it and inhale, I realize that it's not giving the satisfaction or "hit" that I tricked myself into thinking was going to be there.  

 2.) I hate the second one I smoke, right after the first when I realize my addicted mind tricked myself into doing something I don't actually want or need to do.

 3.) I hate the third I smoke a short time later when, let down with myself, I say "fuck it, might as well finish the day out".  Sometimes, I will leave the pack on the street or throw it out after this one.  Often not.

 4.) I hate the one I smoke that convinces me I should just put off my run until tomorrow because I'm already smoking today and it will just feel better to go for a run tomorrow.


 5.) I hate the one I smoke on a busy street and I get anxious subjecting those around me to the second hand smoke, and look for an alley or less busy side street to walk down, no matter how far out of the way.

6.) I hate the one I light up after seeing a long time smoker in public and realize that I must look the same to many people.

 7.) I hate the one I smoke before I go into a store or restaurant, knowing I stink and feeling embarrassed for it. 

 8.) I hate the one I smoke with a late coffee because I realized I've let my addicted mind trick me again into thinking that I need the coffee for energy for my night gym visit, but I need to keep smoking in order to not stay up all night because of it.

 9.) I hate the one I smoke when I'm back home from the gym, refusing to stand around my building for fear of someone seeing me and thus wandering the neighborhood side streets endlessly.

 10.) I hate the one I smoke half way and butt out and toss because I see people with kids on both sides of the street and I don't want to have to walk past either group with a lit smoke.

11.) I hate the one I light up after that, smoke anxiously hoping no one I know drives/walks by and then put out in my back alley, carrying the butt to the dumpster before anxiously entering my building and hoping I don't run into any of my neighbors in the stairs or hall.

12.) I hate the one I smoke while I swipe or talk on Tinder, telling myself that I'll be a non-smoker again by the time we meet but knowing I've told myself this time after time and feeling weak.

13.) I hate the one I smoke after setting up a date a couple of days away and hoping that, even if I do stop now, they won't smell/taste it on me if we kiss.

14-16) I hate the ones I smoke back to back at the end of the night while I drink a beer and listen to music...because "This is how I say goodbye" and also get to sleep. I hate these **especially** because they're the ones that keep me coming back to this cycle. Even then, I realize I've tricked myself again and, should I think about it, they don't add anything.  They still smell and taste bad.  They make my throat and lungs hurt, make me foggy. They make me feel terrible in the morning, even if I don't remember what it was like to not feel that way - although only months ago at this point.  They make my hands smell the next morning, even with washing, and I still get anxious of someone seeing me. Even more so because now I'm the guy walking in a back alley, drinking and chain smoking. I hate that they've tricked me into buying into this, even though I rationally know that they only actually detract from the experience of being outside in the cool air. 

17.) I hate the one I plan on being my last before getting distracted and thinking about how I got here again.  How 9 months or so ago I was coming out of a tough time, patting myself on the back for doing so as a 2 year strong non-smoker and not going back.  How I was crushing it until I eventually tested myself and returned to smoking, ending up where I am today. Knowing that everything else in my life has improved dramatically over the last 9 months and I'm killing it compared to where I was then, a year before, or even two years before that. Everything except for the overwhelmingly negative shadow that looms over me because I hate that I've gone back to smoking and remember vaguely how fucking awesome I felt about quitting it before.

18.) I hate the second one I plan on being my last, because I was distracted during the first.   Hate how - while I'm smoking it - something in me starts to panic a little bit thinking I'll miss it.  Hate that anxious feeling rising, no matter how many times I've read Carr or analyzed how I've easily quit before.  Hate how I worry about sleepless nights or brain fog, even though I've quit without either in the past.  Hate how I almost just wish I had a time machine to go back 9 months and warn myself...even though I could far more easily just step back into that non-smoking life of my own accord.

19.) I hate this actual last one. Hate how I even ended up lighting it up. I can't even taste it anymore but I hate how it feels in my throat. Hate how I've just reset my app three times in one night in order to get to the point where I'm smoking it.  Hate how I know if there is any distraction, I'll justify lighting another.  I hate how I feel sick at this point...and feel like I'm a slave.  Hate how raw the acrid smoke from the tip feels in my nose. But - more than anything - I hate that I worry I'll be back here tomorrow, doing the same old thing. Hate how I worry I may find an excuse - work stress triggered by an email, anxious about a girl, how I need to be able to sleep for an early meeting a few days from now - and hope that excuse doesn't arise. Hate how I let my addicted brain panic and try to convince me that all this could happen and I could be back in the alley or the bench in the trees by the beach tomorrow, helpless again.  As if I'm not the one actually in control of it. 

20.) The one I crush up in the pack and throw out with the lighter I bought with the pack earlier in the day.   This one is actually alright, but why go though at least 19 moments of doubt, anxiety, low self-image and low self esteem to get here? Why go through all that and put off the things you actually want to do, worry about your future, regret your past decisions, and risk your health just to throw something out at the end of the day? 


I know this is long, and I wrote it mainly for me but maybe it will resonate with someone.  As I was writing this I realized I actually hate more cigarettes than I actually smoke in a pack or a day. I've left a lot out and haven't even scratched the surface of what an absolute bitch it is to smoke in the winter when you only smoke outside.   

And now I'm done.  It's not at night this time, it's the middle of the day and I've taken the morning off of work. I'm going to post this, smoke my final cigarettes - wandering the streets, hoping no one I know sees me and avoiding strangers more than any outgoing, social-loving adult should do. Then I'm going to take a shower, brush my teeth and go to work - hoping, as I do most days, that no one smells the tobacco lingering on me. 

But I know this - tonight when I get home, even though I may consider buying a pack, I won't.  Because it's clicked again and I know that there's literally nothing there for me but anxiety, self-doubt, and a pain in the ass. I don't know if this will be as easy as the last times, but if it is - great! If it isn't, it never will be so might as well get over it and just let that withdrawal feed me. Because I've thought about it for days now, analysed each one and know smoking only MIGHT relieve that feeling, and even if it does, the absolutely overwhelming feelings of negativity and inner turmoil that stem from smoking to relieve it are not in any worth it.

Good luck to you all, you'll probably be seeing me around here a bit. 

