About 400 days ago I started smoking again after years of being a non smoker. Since that time I've quit again around 500 times

Long post that's mainly just me getting my thoughts out on why I've realized I've been having a hard time quitting this time around:

On July 31st I posted this:  

https://www.reddit.com/r/stopsmoking/comments/93hgc4/there_are_20_in_a_pack/

Since that time I've quit every single day - sometimes more than once (I'm at like round five of this weekend alone).  

I've thrown out a lot of full packs, I've given away a lot of half-full packs.  I've stomped them out, tossed them in the trash, dumped water on them. I've read Carr again, I've watched Carr again, I've listened to Carr again. And I've gone back every single time. 

But I can fairly confidently say that I've never gone back because of actual nicotine withdraw.  I go 18-20 hours without smoking almost daily without feeling any real sense of withdraw.  

If I'm going away for a week or weekend I don't smoke. On an extended time away, if I'm drinking quite a bit I'll notice that feeling of "smoking would be nice" but I'm never really tempted.  I guess the shame overrides the actual addiction.  

As soon as I'm back I'm smoking heavily within hours.  Not in my place, not in my car, not around other people - just walking and smoking.  Sometimes I might enjoy that first puff.  Sometimes I feel proud because I DON'T enjoy it.  Mostly, I'm just impartial.

I sometimes wonder why. It's obviously the brainwashing, but it's not like I'm tricking myself into thinking I'm going to like it. I just do it. It's almost like it's an idle hands problem but then I lament that I could be doing more enjoyable or productive things in those hours I spend just literally walking and smoking.

But I think I've figured it out. I've been waiting for something to click again and just flip that switch in my brain.  

The other times I had quit for long, extended periods were all following a period where I just couldn't smoke and kept rolling with it or due to reading Carr. Carr didn't work for me this time and now I think I've gone over the material so much that it just doesn't have the impact, although I know everything to be true.

I started watching Joel S' from Whyquit.com videos on Youtube this evening and then just stopped.  I realized that every time I was hoping for that "click" and if I wasn't getting it I was just going to smoke for one more night, find a way to make that switch flip again and be fine.

But it dawned on me that that switch isn't going to flip because it's just on.   I'm not going to get that "enlightenment" because I never lost it. I'm not smoking again because I forgot - I haven't tricked myself into thinking I want/need to do it or even enjoy it - rather I started again because I felt self-destructive.  And I haven't continued to smoke because I think I have to or because it's hard to actually quit -  I continued because I was looking for that revelation I had felt before to do the work for me....because that was the only way I had done it before. 

But there's no eureka moment when you already know the truth, and I didn't really get that which in turn created an argument for the devil on my shoulder to whisper in my ear that I could still get that moment and shouldn't actually quit until I get it. 

Just another tool of addiction I hadn't really planned for. I recognize now that nobody is going to flip that switch again for me and chasing that feeling thinking that it will increase my chance of success is doing quite the opposite.  I just need to admit that I'm the only one that can do this for me and I already have all the tools I need. It's time to throw out all those darts that I hate and be happy I'm on the right track again.  Maybe it'll be harder this time, but that will be fleeting and will just lead to a more rewarding sense of accomplishment every minute of every day.  Maybe it will be just as easy as it was not smoking 399 days ago. Only one way to find out.


TL;DR - addiction is crafty as fuck and will find new ways to drive you to keep smoking every time you move onto a quit.  Just remember you're in control and likely have the tools you need to recognize what addiction is throwing at you and alter your strategy. Pushing your quit off until tomorrow is easy because it may seem like it doesn't matter .... until you realize you've told yourself that around 500 times in just over a year. 