My boyfriend is trying to quit, but he won't cut it out of his life completely.

I'm here because I need to know whether my perspective is rational or irrational. I've never smoked and need some advice from those who do/did.

I never wanted to date a smoker. I don't like the smell and the smoke itself gives me a headache. We started dating in the fall, and when it got particularly cold he would have a cigarette because "cold weather really makes [him] crave one." He made a New Years resolution to stop smoking (with a planned exception for his birthday, which was yesterday) and in the last two or three days before January 1st he smoked a ton.

He never quit, though. He just kept going. I don't really know how much he went through a day, but it became something that was more than social. He needed cigarettes. I told him he needed to quit. He told *me* he needed to quit. But then two weeks later we'd be at a bar and a friend of his (also "quitting") would suggest they go out for a smoke. Or he would tell me that earlier that week he had one during a break at work. I've always appreciated his honesty.

He has cut down. He used to buy his own packs but lately he's only accepted what's offered to him. He's back to being a social smoker.

I'm not forcing him by any means; it's not one-sided. He says he's serious about quitting. He has always said he wants to stop smoking. When he promises me he won't smoke and then breaks that promise it makes me wonder if he's more addicted than he knows. I have been extremely clear about how disappointed and hurt I feel when I find out he smoked again, and despite that he keeps doing it. Isn't that a sign of addiction? Or am I going overboard?

As I said, he's only a social smoker at this point, but he's pretty social and finds a lot of reasons to have a cigarette. So much for cold weather, eh?

I don't want to be pushy. Maybe he's right that it's okay to "cut down" and call that "quitting." Maybe that's the cigarette talking.

Also, he sometimes substitutes cigarillos and cigars instead of cigarettes which for no known reason I've been accepting. Are they a helpful way to quit, or another way to indulge in the habit?

This isn't something I want to break up over. I'd much rather date a smoker than not date him. I just want to know how to come at this from a perspective that is healthy for the relationship.

How can I help him? Do I need to lay off him?