I failed, please help. How did you manage to fight through the tough times?

I have to admit, year ago, you really have helped me here. All of you. I loved every post, it was so encouraging. Thank you. But now, all is lost. Sorry for long whiny post but I it is my story.

Year ago, I changed job, switched carreers successfuly. Before that I smoked pack a day. But I could run 12 kilometers without a break. I was (and I still am) in perfect health condition. I have outstanding blood results - people from hospital calling and requesting me every month for blood donation. No problem.

After the change of jobs, I quit smoking. I had app, I had all of you. I did not had any withdrawal symptoms. I lasted about five months and then I failed.

Firstly, I am introvert male in open plan office full of 40+yr old women and I started to resent there. I would love to work and not hear about their kids, their weekends and how bad is the weather today. I am blasting metal like Children of Bodom to my headphones, those harpies are louder. The job is sometimes demotivating, all the projects I manage suffer from overly tight budget, all the suppliers are third grade companies, so nothing run smoothly and I had to fulfill my KPIs... But after all it is relatively OK.

And I started with reconstruction of my flat which took 4 months (and still not finished), almost stripped me off of all hope, consumed all my free time. I did not have time to play the guitar or read books or play with LEGO or do any joyful thing like TV-show, so I went for a cigarette, one silent moment of solitude, silence and reminiscence of good times. 

So I slowly started smoke again. First one cig after the work. Then one before work, one after. Plus one at the evening... I got it up to 5-6 daily. Sh\*t.

Currently, it is Friday, I opened my second pack this week.

I want to stop. Although I am perfectly healthy 30yr old, I sense this will cost me much (and I am afraid of potential sudden appearance of cancer). I want to live longer, I want to spend life with my girlfriend as long as possible, I want to have kids and I want to be here and healthy. 

But this is the problem. When you are 30 and healthy, you are feeling invincible. I would like to for example play video games instead of smoking, or doing something else... I dont know. I have read about guys that trade cigarettes for gym and running. But I can't run/gym from nine to five, I can't play video games at work, and don't have time for any of that after work, coming home late night and tired. I am afraid I need a strong kick in a back or hit the bottom but I am afraid that kick could be something bad that once shows up on x-ray of my lungs. 

The app does not motivates me anymore. Is there something better for tough times? Please. Anything. Gamification, drugs, sweets, meditation techniques, self slashing my back with whip like flagellant... 

&amp;#x200B;

tl;dr

I really want to be clean, I want to live longer for my girlfriend and future kids. I am afraid of cancer. Now are tough times, almost no free time after work, tired and demotivated, no joy. You helped me once, please help again.