So, I just went outside with a cigarette after a few months clean

Full disclosure, my counter isn't really accurate, not really sure when I quit again.  I think I quit in late March, early April, I've quit at least 8 times at this point, the date isn't a big deal for me anymore.

I'm cursed with being one of those on again, off again smokers.  I'm in my early 30's, and over the last 10 years, I"ve had the pleasure of mostly being a non-smoker, but not by much.

Because of my job, I have a lot of sitting aroud, being bored, tried to stay awake hours during the winter, and I tend to slip back into the habit of smoking, but working outside in the summer, getting my hands greasy and filthy, a cigarette is disgusting and rarely satisfying.

I had a few drinks tonight, watched some older movies where EVERY character smoked, I worked up the urge once again.

I went outside, lit it, didn't enhale the first puff.  Barely got the taste in my mouth and I was absolutely disgusted (my wife still smokes, so they're around for me whenever I'm feeling weak)

Out of compulsion, I tried to force myself to take a drag, and the thought alone disgusted me so deeply that I mashed the entire cigarette into an ashtray

IT'S SO FUCKING DISGUSTING!!!  WHY DOES ANYONE WANT TO DO THIS?!?!?

The stench.  The pain.  The general discomfort.

Out of all the things I could waste $10 a day on, I can't imagine anything worse.

I've started exercising again recently.  I come home after a stressful day at work, go for a run, and my problems of the day just melt away.  As opposed to a cigarette giving me 10 minutes of relief, followed by the compulsion to poison myself again.

I'm so glad to be free of these things.  Even that voice in my head that usually wants me to smoke them wants NOTHING to do with them.  Waste of life, waste of time, waste of money.  Nicotine has to be the shittiest drug imaginable.

I remember having a cigarette and thinking I was feeling freedom when I took a deep drag.  Fuck that.

There is no freedom like not having your life controlled by that filthy, shitty, drug.

Freedom is never having to think about this disgusting things in a positive light ever again.

After having recently visited a smoker in the hospital with coronary artery disease that went out of their way to relieve cigarettes of any guilt, it makes me feel especially blessed that I've managed to break free of whatever hold they had on me.

What a pathetic bitch of a drug nicotine is.  It's something you just can't see until you're far enough away from it.