How do I stop if I don't want to stop for myself?

Maybe somebody here can help me, this seems like a fairly supportive and active community. Sorry this got a little lengthy. TL;DR at the bottom

I don't need health risks quoted to me, I know those already. They clearly aren't enough. 

I've quit in the past and been mostly successful (clearly, not completely successful) because I was quitting because *I* wanted to. Then stress hits and...I'm sure you know how it goes. Or something like vacation and well, it's vacation! Time to let loose! I'll be able to put it down this time like I did last time. No big whoop.


Except...this time I don't want to put it down. I enjoy going outside once per day. Escaping from the world for a pre-determined amount of time. Maybe thinking about things, maybe not. Doesn't matter.

I've tried doing this without a cigarette and it feels empty. I've tried doing this with a vape and it is **not** the same. Or anywhere close. 

Really, the only reason I'm even...inclined to quit the tiniest bit is because my partner, who means the world to me, would be happier if I quit. He wouldn't leave me if I didn't quit, he wouldn't be mad at me. I'm sure he'd even tell me he wouldn't be disappointed, but...I know he would be. My friends, too, of course would be happier. Almost none of them smoke. Few people I work with smoke. 

I love him and I want to be able to do this for him, I want him to be proud of me, but that isn't enough. Because I'm not really quitting for *me*. 

I don't know what to do. Right now I'm down to one every 3 days and that's because he's being lenient and he understands that this is hard for me. 

I honestly want to be content with having 1 cigarette a day or 1 every 2 days. But I know he isn't content with that. He wants me to at least try to taper off : every 3 days > every week > every month. That was our initial agreement. I could have 1/month. I feel like it's a good compromise because he's comfortable with it, and I'm still barely smoking, but I still get my little tiny break from the world when I really need it. I kept it up for 5 months.

I just don't know how to want to quit more if I'm not quitting for me. Or, how to want to quit for me.


**TL;DR: I don't want to quit but my SO would be so much happier if I did. How do I learn to want to quit for him or learn to want to quit for myself again?**