Friend support-or lack thereof-gripe

Hey guys! I'm a long time lurker and occasional commenter. I feel like this sub is a good place to vent my frustrations at a recent interaction I had with a friend of mine.

Before I launch into the story a little background: I have struggled with my brain chemistry my entire life (I am almost 32) and I have only recently (last 5 years) hit the "sweet spot" in terms of meds. Before that it had been trial and error and I am extremely wary of any foreign substances or hormones that I could introduce into my body. I had to consult my doctor before getting an IUD just to make sure it wasn't going to react badly.

Anyway. My quit date was July 1 of this year so right now I am on day 5 and it seems to be going ok. I am on the Nicoderm patch at 21mg and I have had no real problems with cravings. I log them all into Smoke Free and I am slowly coming to terms with breaking my smoking rituals. 

On my quit day I posted a picture of the Nicoderm box and the caption "wish me luck! on Facebook" I was overwhelmed with messages of love and support from my friends (even those I don't really keep up with). However, one of my friends, a man about 15 years older than I am and who had quit smoking about ten years ago said that there was no way the patch would ever work and that I should try Chantix. I told him that that might be a possibility in the future but for now my psychiatrist recommended that I try the patch first. 

But he would not let it go! He started going on about how all the mental health side effects of Chantix are overblown and that they are a conspiracy by Big Tobacco to keep everyone addicted. He also said that my very experienced and trusted doctor had "drunk the Kool-Aid" and that he was wrong and that Chantix was fine for everyone no matter what. 

He has known me for over a decade and has seen firsthand what happens when my brain chemistry is off. He knows I've played trial-and-error with meds for years. However, none of that mattered when it got in the way of him being right.

I am angry and frustrated with him. Am I wrong? Why is it so much to expect support from people during what can be a difficult time?

TL:DR: Longtime friend is being an absolute jerk about Chantix v. Patch. 