It is all about me!

I took the 1st puff as a kid! While we cousins gathered for a marriage, someone stole a cigarette and a gang of 15\+ kids "tried" the goddamn thing that uncles smoked \(Indian, not many women used to smoking during our childhood\) &amp; I got addicted to multiple forms of nicotine when I got a chance to get away from home and started working as a junior developer by the age of 20. Although I always had limited smoking, between ages 23\-30 I had the maximum smoking. **I was 23 when I had my last drink for the sake of drinking** and throughout the life I said NO to many things which were looking to be there forever in my life. I think, society accepts smoking more than alcohol as smoking hardly destabilizes a man and his behavior, and not many really pick on this habit which is unfortunately prevalent in many parts of the world. 

The best part of my smoking was I always wanted to QUIT. Everyday morning I decide that when I get to work\(I only smoke at work\), I am not going to smoke &amp; while driving my mind starts dwindling, it says "Okay, prove yourself! smoke ONE and quit. Resist it for the rest of the day and prove that YOU are the master". That ONE becomes 2,3... and I end up with daily quota of 5\-6!

I am 45, athletic and very active. I hit gym whenever my schedules allow me to &amp; enjoy good health. Three years back I developed heavy palpitations and was admitted in the hospital for 3 days. I have decided to quit and got back to smoking after 7 months. I wouldn't mind to confess that I did go for nicotine gums many times during this 7 months period &amp; stopped them once after blisters started annoying my mouth.

The one thing I have noticed by the end of the day that the inability to stop smoking even for a single day was making me so frustrated that I was venting the total anger from the failure at all possible areas. I get nervous and aggressive JUST because the taste of failure to stand up and say NO to a cigarette was making me feel so weak and a failure when I believe I fought so may odds to be what I am today!

The last five days, I experience a kind of peace that was never there from long time. I don't feel guilty, I don't get nervous and angry for smoking &amp; I am much more balanced than ever. In addition to that, I am not worried about remembering whether I have to run to nearest grocery store for another tin of chewing gums. I know by the end of the day my mouth smells bad, but I am not worried about my wife recognizing the cigarette smell and her eyes carrying that gesture "You again failed your promises". I really feel great guys. I know I am riding the waves of self respect, new found freedom &amp; being too loud about it too early. But this is how I feel it right now!

I do hope that I can enjoy the same feelings for the rest of my life. I am glad that I found this group :\)