It's only been 2 days since I quit smoking but it feels amazing.

I know this sounds like a cliche but I decided to quit smoking after the new year's eve. The first day was the most difficult and I failed. As the clock hand landed on 12'o'clock, I was about to light my last ceremonial cigarette, I checked for the lighter, I was about to light it and then I stopped. I felt disgusted after reading a lot of articles online about how dangerous smoking is and everything. Even when I was still smoking I knew the danger and still chose to smoke, regretting every puff. It was horrible and I tried to convince myself that at a point in life I will obviously give up smoking, as it was just last year when I started it. I thought of it as a pass time instead of an addiction only till I tried quitting. I realised I was addicted badly. Okay so after I was about to light the cigarette, I took a pause and crumbled my last cigarette. Thinking what good even the last ceremonial cigarette would do if I really want to quit it I don't even enjoy it, I'd still regret every puff so I crushed it and threw it out of the window. Next morning I had the most uncomfortable and irresistible craving I overcame it somehow...after distracting myself in every way possible. During the evening I had to go out to buy some household items, I saw the cigarette shop and I couldn't control myself...I bought and smoked a cigarette, I felt disgusted and defeated, it was depressing to know that I wasn't even able to resist for a single day. It was terrible. While going back home, I stopped by a medical shop to buy some deodorant and I saw a nicotine gum on the shelf . I bought it and popped it every time I felt like smoking a cigarette and it worked, I had very little craving for smoke. Day before yesterday I replaced the nicotine gum with a normal one and haven't smoked since then. I still get the cravings but they're controllable. It feels amazing to wake up without having your chest heavy and your throat itchy. I feel more fresh in the morning...I know its only two days and I have a lifetime to go but I learned how to control the cravings to some extent. I hope I don't fail, I think I won't because the smoke free experience was amazing. 