2nd time quitting but using patches now

Hey guys! First time posting in this sub but I think it might be helpful to keep my motivation up. 

I first quitted two days ago, lasted me 27 hours. I was super positive and determined to quit and the first 20 hours didn’t have any cravings or the strong desire to smoke at night which I found as a good sign. However, throughout the day I started to feel dizzy and my mind was foggy. Resisted a few cravings after some emotional breakdowns but I couldn’t do it anymore and lighted up a cigarette. Felt really disappointed and decided that the cold turkey method wasn’t working for me, so I was thinking about switching to reducing it to max 2 per day. One is the morning and one in the evening, I was thinking sure I can do this starting this morning. Morning came and I couldn’t stop to the one assigned cigarette. My motivation was down so I just smoked more, thinking I cannot quit anyway. I am sure now this method doesn’t work for me. I am an addict. I cannot just stop at 1 cigarette.

I started to analyze why I relapsed and what I can do better and stop waiting for a miracle motivation to happened cause of course I know I NEED to stop smoking. Made the decision to go get the nicotine patches as the symptoms I had were associated with the lack of nicotine in my body. I read a lot about the side effects of it such as insomnia and although it says I should keep it on for 24 hours do you guys suggest taking it off at night? I put it on around 1 PM as I didn’t wanted to wait for the next morning, I didn’t wanted to smoke another cigarette. I am thinking about trying to keep it on tonight and see how it works for me.

Also another thing I noticed I smoke a lot out of boredom or loneliness. My bf was with me for the first 24 hours and that helped a lot to not think about smoking. However I found it really hard to keep distracted after he left as my mind was to fuzzy to concentrate on other activities, even watching a tv show. Any advice on this?

Fingers crossed for this one! Only 3 hours in but I feel positive!