5 years down, trying to kick the bucket tonight.

As I write this, I'm lighting hopefully which remains the last cigarette.

About me. I'm from India where smoking is not bad just for the usual "cancer scare" but a social taboo for most apart from friends and youngsters probably. More of a taboo for a kid. 

Tried my first cigarette with my best friend at 17. Both of us hated it but as adolescents who wanted to rebel, we wanted to try what it felt like.

Didn't try it after that for a few months. Was pretty decent academically and active in gym and basketball and lawn tennis so never really had the "boredom".

Joined a college in a different city. First time away from parents. For few months went through the typical new place new activities. Slowly there started to be a group of "bad boys" (don't judge we were all 17/18 who used to go to the terrace or shady areas to light one up.

I used to tell someone I tried it once and he invited me. Went and took a few drags with them and coughed my lungs out. Since I was too focused on gymming, I vowed never to touch this shit again.

Behold a few months later I broke up with my long term girlfriend of that time. Now you will call it a stupid decision, trust me in hindsight I do too but somewhere the idea of smoking your broken heart too got the best of me and I smoked a whole pack. Coughed a lot but well as they say a taste is acquired.

Even though I used to stay around kids my age who I necessarily didn't have to hide it from, I used to be very minimal in my smoking. One probably at morning and taking a bath to not have any stink. One probably at night after everyone slept. Sometimes one every 2 or 3 days. Always thought I had a control but then in a college dorm where minds are still young and go through stages of forming up, no one was none the wiser to suggest otherwise. Ofc I didn't share it with any adults or my parents who were oblivious in a different city. Soon the circle began. My friends had slowly turned into those who smoke as being around a non smoker for too long had an obligation to not light and well smokers, they'll be meryy as long as something keeps burning. My then girlfriend used to smoke and well what could have been better? (Hindsight has a way of making us wiser)

I started taking weed and alcohol though that still wasn't as continous.

Things started going realty bad after 2 years. In my 3rd year I was heavily into marijuana and cigarettes. The thought of going a day without 5 joints? It screams stupid but not to us jolly group of people munching on and watching re runs of Harold and Kumar.

I started gradually reducing going to classes because well its not as fun as lying around smoking up. It reached to a point where I failed my whole year. Should have been a wake up call. I wish it was.

I still wasn't ready to admit I was an addictive. Now one thing which I don't know is broadly similar to lots of Indian kids is the prevelance of staying "good ideal" in front of family no matter whether its out of love or just to avoid drama.

My parents never suspected anything as I never smoked in house
Then slowyy the habits changed, I started smoking at home, waiting for parents to sleep, then started getting caught many times but well all with "a promise to quit" and its just "occasional".

Fast forward 2 years later, when I am supposed to graduate next year, I've failed 2 years, don't really think I can get the degree, lost any if not all motivation to do better things for myself. Sure I wanted to earn money but that was just to keep up with my "habits".

My parents were heartbroken/angry/helpless is seeing what happened to a gym freak who never failed one subject in school to someone who lies around mosty and just lives in the constant day.

Now 5 years and almost ranging from 4 to 20 cigarettes a day averaging 10, here I am, lighting my last one up. I started getting these "wake up calls" when my personal life and education started going to hell but then attempts to quit at a bad phase only seemed to have made it worse. 36 hours nd I used to be proud and reward myself with a smoke again.

Now while weed and alcohol aren't addictive to me I suppose since I easily go for months without either depending on social situations, I'd still like to go on a detox at least for the near future.

I read through 100s of experiences on Internet and frankly this is the first time I'm pouring my situation out to people who don't know me. It makes sharing and the ability to feel like a loser much better.

I wanna get back my life. I wanna be the one who had high hopes and aspirations in life, who wanted to travel the whole world and not need a stick every few hours just to make an experience as simple as going out require another stick.

Now no one in my close family smokes so I guess I can rule out the prone to addiction genetically.

I'm still scared if my education and personal life were going good, I wouldn't even have needed a wake up call being happily oblivious. But this time, I make a promise. To get my life back on track.

One step at a time. The first step to hopefully an addiction free life.

I'd post you updated and would like the support of this wonderfu community.
❤️