Husband started smoking again, are my feelings reasonable?

Hi Reddit,

My husband quit smoking a few months after we met. I supported him through it, but he did it for himself. I told him many times how impressed and thankful I felt that he had quit, because smoking was a near deal-breaker for me in a relationship. I want to raise my children in a smoke-free house. I want a life partner who takes care of his health so we can have a better chance of growing old together. He was smoke-free for the first 5 years of our relationship, with no problems that I could detect.

About 3 months after we got married, however, I started smelling smoke on him again. I asked him about it almost jokingly (as I really trusted that his addiction was over) and he lied and denied smoking again. I believed him 100%. Then, a few months later, he broke down and told me he'd ben smoking for the past few months and didn't know when he wanted to quit again. I tried to be supportive, and suggested he try an e-cig. He successfully managed to quit with an e-cig over the course of the last year. Lately I've been smelling smoke on him again, and when I ask him about it he initially lies, then admits it, and then gets really defensive and mad at me for asking. 

He thinks his smoking is none of my business. I understand why he feels like that, but honestly I can't avoid feeling resentful for a few reasons.

 First, we're living on a tight budget (he doesn't have a job so I'm supporting both of us) so this is basically coming out of our food budget.  

Second, he thinks I have no right to even ask questions about it. I understand that I can't control what he does, but as his wife, I feel like he should at least be willing to patiently talk with me about it. 

Third, we were planning on having kids soon, and we've both agreed that we do not want him to be a smoker when I'm pregnant or when we have children. 

And fourth, I'm afraid of him dying young and leaving me alone. Both of his parents have had cancer, and he doesn't take care of himself in other ways either. He doesn't eat well or exercise. Now he also smokes. 

Reddit, how should I feel about all this and what should I do? Where are the lines? Thanks.