57 days: How it went so far

I was a half-pack a day, 2 years smoker. I quit 57 days ago, and these are the highlights of this quit.

It really bugged me how dumb I was for being a smoker. I had no reason to smoke, but still was doing it. My smoking habits were starting to get out of control, I was smoking more everyday. I couldn't run as much as before, I couldn't let people in my car without opening the windows (because of the impregnated smell), I couldn't sleep without a quick smoke, I couldn't go on dates without worrying about my smell and how would I tell her that I'm a smoker, among other things. I wanted to quit.

I lurked here for nearly 2 months without really taking no action until I got sick and deicided this was my chance. The sickness symptoms were worse than the abstinence ones, so I held strong, without worries. I stayed in bed for at least three consecutive days. Even if I wanted I couldn't tell if some symptom was due to the sickness or abstinence, so it was kinda easy.

Through the next 14 days I concentrated in not smoking. Going out could be a trigger, so I made sure to always prepare myself before driking or meeting smoker friends. I didn't tell anyone I wasn't smoking anymore until they asked.

The hardest part was at work, after lunch and when I leave for home. It's the time when I usually get the strongest urges. They don't go aways easily, I have to ignore them for some time untill I forget about them. They used to happen every single day, but now I only get them like once every couple of weeks.



I guess I'm not a smoker anymore. Most of the time I feel like I had never smoked in my life. The only times I feel like an ex-smoker are those kind of situations where people are smoking around me and I feel like just having one puff. Like this party I went to couple days ago, where everyone was smoking. You know, there were pretty girls smoking right next to me, and asking for a puff would be the *perfect* way to engage conversation. I even lighted one girl's cig, but that was it. I didn't let my brain convince me that *that single puff* would be harmless. Guess that's the way to go. Hope I can keep it up for life.

Anyway, I have to thank this community for this. You guys rock! Thank you so much.