Sore Throat Remedies

Hey mates,

So, a lot of us have been getting sore throats it seems. I'm a very occassional smoker, and the other day I had a rolled cig with tobacco from the mountains of Indonesia... very very harsh stuff.

Today: intense sore throat.

So, I looked around & didn't find much info in the way of curing this.

Now I've done my research. Here's what I've learned.

How to Relieve Your Sore Throat
------

You can't really cure it, in the case of quitting smoking. [/u/p1ratemafia on why].(https://www.reddit.com/r/stopsmoking/comments/23njaw/stopped_smoking_11_days_ago_throats_been_really/cgyywz0).

But you can help it heal faster, and you can relieve the pain.

Here's how: 

	- Drink a lot of warm fluids.
		○ Add ons
			§ Ginger
			§ Licorice tea
			§ Honey
			§ Lemon
			§ Cloves
			§ Green tea. Kills e. cole, streptococcus bacteria, and other bacteria. Helps detoxify. Boosts immune system. Reduces inflammation. Numbs throat.
			§ Chamomile tea
			§ Peppermint tea
			§ Horehound. Reduces inflamation, thins mucus.
			§ Slippery elm. Coats throat in mucilage which eases pain.
			§ Marshmallow root. Coats throat in mucilage which eases pain.
			§ Soup
			§ Thyme tea
			§ Black tea
			§ Cumin seeds
			§ Basil
			§ Black coffee. Thins mucus due to heat. Caffeine has a metabolite called theophyline which makes it easier to breathe. Not more than a cup though. Too much can fuck with your ability to fight infection.
			§ Apple cider vinegar
			§ Cinnamon
			§  
		○ Recipes
			§ Ginger Lemon Honey Tea
				□ Add 1-2 cm of sliced ginger root & lemon juice to 500-700ml of water. Then add some pepper while it's boiling.
				□ Sieve out the reside when it cools, add a lot of honey
			§ Horehound tea
				□ Chop 2 teaspoons of horehound in 1 cup of boiling water
				□ Boil for 10 minutes
				□ Strain & drink
			§ Cayenne & Apple Cider Vinegar & Lemon tea
				□ 1 teaspoon apple cider vinnegar
				□ 1 teaspoon honey
				□ 1/4 lemon
				□ Dash of cayenne pepper
	- Eat…
		○ Garlic. Contains allicin, which kills bacteria & alleviates pain. You can even just suck on a clove of garlic, cut in half.
		○ Dark leafy greens. Vit C
		○ Bell peppers. Vit C
		○ Kiwi. Vit C
		○ Peas. Vit C
		○ Papaya. Vit C
		○ Tomatoes. Vit C
		○ Citrus fruits. Vit C
		○ Cloves. Just pop a handful in your mouth, suck till they're softer, and chew like gum. Okay to swallow.
		○ Pomegranates.
		○ Spicy foods
		○ 
	- Take vitamin C.
	- Take lozenges. 
	- Steam your face. Boil some water, put a few drops of essential oil in it if you have any (lavendar, peppermint), put a towel over your head, breath in the steam.
	- Garge warm salt water. As much salt as the water can dissolve. 4x per day.
		○ Add in 1/2 a teaspoon of baking soda if you have it.
	- Gargle Hydrogen Peroxide. Use a table spoon of it mixed with a tablespoon of water. 
	- Rest your throat. Don't talk much. Don't sing or anything like that.
		○ Breath through your nose. It's a natural way to humidify your air.
	- Eat garlic.
	- Use a humidifier if you have one.
	- If it keeps coming back try changing your toothbrush.
	1) Avoid…
		a. Milk. It's got a reputation for soothing, and it will sooth. But while I masks the pain, it actually exacerbates the problem & increases mucus production.
		b. Oily foods
		c. Smog & smoke
		d. Alcohol

------------

Let me know if I missed anything :)