27 days in

I started smoking in 2001 and quit cold turkey in 2009. A lot of awful stuff happened in 2009 after I quit, but I grit my teeth through all that stuff and came out the other side with the strength to defy my impulses to smoke. 
I remember feeling miserable for the first month and then I gradually felt better over the next two months and then it felt like I managed to get back to baseline.
I was at a friends house in 2013 and someone said we should smoke some hookah so yeah, I did that. I didn’t think anything of it, that’s how far removed I was from cigarettes. A couple weeks later, I met someone up at a hookah bar and again, didn’t think anything of it. A week later, I had too much to drink one evening and woke up with a pack of cigarettes in my jacket pocket. This was around 2014 so I had quit for a full five years and fell off the wagon.
I didn’t stop again until 27 days ago and it’s as hard as it was the first time I stopped but it is supposed to be.
Cold turkey is the only way to go for me.
That first month always sucks, not just because you are fiending, but because your whole ability to perceive and make judgements is out of whack. Mistakes get made and, where before I would smoke after a mistake to contemplate said mistake, that is no longer an option.
But hey, it’s all good. If there’s one thing that I’m doing right, it’s quitting. Whenever I get a craving, I write it down. It’s a smart thing to do. I didn’t do that the first time I quit and it’s really helping this time. 
Anyways, I hope you all are having a good day. Quitting smoking cold turkey, despite what some people think, is one of the most hardcore things a person can do. It is comparable, in my opinion, to self-amputation without anesthetic. I suppose you could say that about any drug addiction, but cigarettes are so readily available in this world that the subversive power of them randomly appearing makes them especially diabolical. 
My point is that quitting is hard and, like any other really hard thing you accomplish in life, the journey in beating it chisels you into something better and more resilient. 
If you have gone cold turkey and you find yourself still kicking ass five years from now and someone whips out the hookah because hey it’s like nostalgic or whatever, don’t hit it. LOL no really just don’t fuck around with the molecule dude it’s not worth the risk