The Romantic Existentialism of a Cigarette

I can't make it stop. Turning 26 in a week, and I started smoking cigarettes on a family vacation in Disney World during the summer after my Freshman year of college, so I suppose I would have been 19 at the time. It was not an especially stressful time, and I am not sure why I started smoking. I had smoked a cigarette here and there (less than a pack in total up to that day) in the past...and I had smoked cigarillos which I stole from my dad's humidor every now and then since I was 13...but I wasn't really a "smoker." I did smoke a little though, every now and then. Anyway, we went to the grocery store to get some snacks and I walked by the tobacco counter...at that time, I was suddenly overcome with a feeling that I needed cigarettes. It was a feeling that I now know all too well...it was the same feeling as I have felt when in withdrawal and needing a smoke. Strangely enough, I had not used a tobacco product in over six months at that time. I can't explain why I felt that urge, but I bought that pack. 

Like all new smokers, I struggled to start smoking. It tasted bad, made me feel ill, was expensive, but I still did it. Almost no one in my family (and no one in my immediate family) smoked cigarettes at the time (they still don't), and almost none of my friends smoked. I don't know why I tried so hard to start smoking. Perhaps I  thought it was "manly." Perhaps it was because of pop culture and movies...I don't know why, but I forced myself to do it, and I grew to love it. 

Over time I became a complete addict, it was horrible. As a poor college kid, I would  choose cigarettes over food. I can't even recall how many times I borrowed money from my parents to secretly buy cigarettes, or overdrew my bank accounts for a smoke. It was shameful, really. 

I tried to quit a few times before (longest was 12 days), but I enjoyed smoking too much. There was an existential romanticism attached to it for me. Something I would just do so that I could disappear into my thoughts...it was a meditative experience for me. Something to do when philosophizing deep into the night with my friends. I still love the idea of smoking. I thoroughly enjoyed it most of the time...but it made me stupid. It made me lazy and fat. It made me feel chronically ill and generally unhealthy. It made me ashamed and fearful. It hurt my reputation, and caused me to lose jobs even. It made me hate myself. But I still loved it. 


It has been 28 days since my last cigarette or nicotine product. I quit cold turkey with Chantix. This is my second time trying Chantix, and this is the longest I have ever gone without smoking. I am having trouble remembering why I am quitting. I can afford it now, I don't have a girlfriend saying she'll leave me if I don't  quit. It doesn't affect me negatively at my current job (it has at previous jobs, though), and all I want to do, is smoke. 

It's all I can think about, that cigarette. It smells so good. The act of sitting on my balcony under the night's sky, looking out over the trees as a cool breeze washes over me, and slowly taking a drag of that most glorious of poisons. The thought is all consuming. I know that it's a load of horseshit. That I'm talking out my arse. That I'm trying to make excuses for myself to smoke, to say that "Bro, you never wanted to quit in the first place...you just wanted people to stop giving you shite all the time for smelling like an ashtray." ...and it's pretty easy to make excuses, to tell myself that this was an exercise of will to go for an "unreasonable" amount of time and not smoke, just to prove to myself that I can someday quit...just so that I can go smoke now. The thought of smoking won't go away. I can't concentrate at work, I am angry, bitter and jaded. I am deeply depressed, and unproductive. I feel useless, and without purpose. I lack motivation in all things. I have been overtaken by a deep and dark melancholy...and the only cure for it that I can think of is that cigarette. So what is there to do? How do I stop myself from buying that pack and throwing away all of my success? It's all so cloudy now...perhaps more so that the smoke has cleared.