My 2cents for those who feel like quitting.

Even as a former smoker, I believe I still know what it means to be addicted. Because after all, I am still am a nicotine-addict and will be for life.
I apologise for being a horrible writer but even if I could support one person during the process of quitting smoking with this rant, I feel somewhat obligated to at least try to describe some of my experiences.
Especialy nowadays, when smokers are considered to be anti-social and are being treated as such. It's rediculous. I can proudly say that I've reached the point in my life I can hang out with smokers,
even in the designated smoking areas, without being tempted. I like people wether they smoke or not. :)

I started smoking at about the age of 16. Not that I was pushed into doing it by peer pressure or something like that, no. In all fairness, I was the asshole who instigated smoking amoungst my friends
and it's something I still regret to this day. We started doing it out of sheer boredom. Because it was fun and kind of rebellious. Little did we know the consequences.
As most of you, I started with a couple of cigarets a day. Harmless as it sounds, I don't even remember when I got hooked. 
After 10 years of heavily smoking (about 2 packs a day) I wanted to quit. Not that I was sick or had health issues. I could afford it and it was more or less socially accepted by friends, collegues and family.
Even after I went out for a smoke, came back (probably smelling horrible), I never got real negative remarks.
However, I believe that people who have never been smoking just don't know about certain things. As a smoker, you shouldn't even get upset with them. They just don't understand what it's like to be addicted.
They don't know how well it feels to have that smoke after dinner. How it feels to get that first hit from a cigaret you 've been waiting for for way to long, that release of stress.
They don't know the panic you get when you see you're running out of cigarettes. The frustration when you forgot your lighter. They don't understand why you'ld stand outside in the rain for that one
smoke you were craving for the whole night. They don't understand how even going to a movie can be shitty because you can't go outside for a smoke. That countdown.
The FUUUUUUUUUUUuuuu-moments when your cigarette-package got wet because of the rain, flattened or your last two cigarettes broken in half. Believe me, I understand.

That's probably why it bothers me there's so much hate towards smokers. This sense of moral higher grounds from non-smokers who have absolutely NO IDEA of what they're talking about.
I personally didn't get put off by the warning labels on the packages. It could've even been illegal. I needed my shot. It's funny how non-smokers keep using arguments like "Think of all the money you could save if you quit".
As if the price of sigarettes has anything to do with the addiction. It's NEVER a reason to quit. Would they say the same to a heroin-addict? "Think of all the money you'll save"...

For me personally, and I believe many others, the biggest drawback about quitting smoking is the idea you will always miss out on something.
Your life would never be as fullfilling as with cigarettes. The constant missing out on something.
The irrational thought you will never be as happy as when you are smoking. The thought of missing out on a cigarette would ruin your life. Yes, it's irrational but I understand that that doesn't make it any less real.
But trust me. As much as a non-smokers can't understand the need to smoke, that much you can't grasp the concept of not needing a sigaret.

So how did I quit?
At new years eve of 2009-2010, I had a new years-resolution. I told my family I would quit smoking. When they asked when I would, I jokingly said late december 2011.:)
On my birthday in may 2011 I remembered telling I'ld quit that year but didn't care to much about it. A few days later I thought: "What if I acutally kept my word and quit?. No substitutes, no cheating, just quit."
I literally went to a calender and pointed out somewhere on it blindly. I closed my eyes and "randomly" picked somewhere (near the end of course :)) of december when I would quit smoking. It turned out to be december 17th.
As days went on, I felt more and more the pressure of that day approaching. Also, I told all of my friends and collegues I'ld quit that day. From time to time is was even counting out loud the days I had left as a smoker...

Suddenly, a wild december the 16th appears... 
My mindset at that time was completely focused on the fact that an era of my life was about to finish.
I had 1,5 package left and smoked like crazy that day. I will never forget that last sigaret I smoked a minute before midnight.
I remembered thinking: "This is the best sigaret I'll ever smoke, because it's going to be my last one". I went outside, smoked it but the remaining package in my back pocket and went to bed immediatly.
The first day was horrible ... so was the second ... and the third ... If there's anything SOMEONE SHOULD've told me about quitting, it should've been the fact that about the first 100 days are equally horrible.
Torture. With ups and downs of course but for me there was absolutley NO improvement the first three months. 
The drawbacks were incredible. My throat didn't feel as much better as I thought it would. I got sick easily and the worst
was probably being constipated. Sounds funny? Let me tell you it's not. You probably know what I'm talking about when I say smoking is kind of a ... katalysator for taking a shit.You know, *that moment when you get a break and have to choose between taking a crap and a cigarette. The cigarette always wins.
Then it need for a shit gets even worse.* That process was gone now.
All the oranges in the world couldn't help my intestines at that time. My digestive system was completely out of balance.
And in the past 2.5 years of not smoking I gained 26 kilos (57 pounds) because I compensated my urges by eating. I'm a smoke-free fatty now.

In those first three months, it's incredible how your mind tries to play tricks on yourself. Trying to justify, finding the reason that one sigaret would release you from all the stress. Agony.
It sounds dramatic but I can only describe it as being taken hostage and being tortured, every day and every minute of the day. You are no longer in control of your urges. Everything becomes about smoking.
At work, at home, in the bar. It's all you think of... every ... single ... second.
I can honestly say, quitting smoking has been the most diffcult experience in my life. Not that this sounds encouraging but I'm not going to lie to you. It's been a nightmare. I even cried a few times. Waking up in the middle of
the night for that crave, not being able to sleep. Hell.

Then something amazing happened. At some point I realised that a day went by without thinking of a cigarette. As unimaginable as it sounds, it happened. As a smoker you can't grasp this concept but it's awesome as it happens.
I would have never thought of succeeding if you'ld asked me this 5 years ago. No way. I'm not really kind of person who follows through on things. I give up rather easily and get bored real quick.
Willpower isn't my best quality so this is why I'm pretty much convinced anyone can quit smoking. I don't see it as having willpower. It's more about how much (mental and physical) pain you can bare.
Even though there is only a small difference between the two.

I don't want to put anybody off, the contrary, but I don't think I'ld be able to do it again. That's probably the biggest reason for me to never give in to temptation again.
Was it worth the trouble? ABSOLUTELY!
Do I sometimes still feel like having a cigarette? ABSOLUTELY!
Probably once a month, and it lasts for about 10 seconds and then that feeling is GONE. Completely.
Wouldn't you sign for that?

Based on my experience, this is the advice I would give to you if you want to stop smoking.
I'm not saying this will be suitable for anyone, but this is more or less how I did it:
 
- Pick a date (even a year from now if you want) when you're going to quit. You will look forwards to this day. STICK TO THIS DATE. There is no such thing as being ready for it. You never are, so get on with it.
- Tell people you are going to quit. It sounds weird but that social pressure was sometimes what kept me going.
- Cheating is bad mmmmkay. Don't take substitutes like nicotine gum/electric sigarets, that's cheating. These maintain and support the addiction. You don't negotiate with terrorists...
- Do not avoid social gatherings, clubs/bars! I agree it's the biggest test but you will feel proud everytime leaving without having smoked. In fact, it's great stuff for conversation which has a therapeutic value I guess.
- Do not throw away your cigarettes at least the first month. Keep them where you usually would. The comfort of actually having them with me was an immense help! I had no extra stress of needing to find one if I actually decided to give up.
  It might sound contradictive, but the fact that I COULD relaps any moment supported the fact that I SHOULDN'T.
- Congratulate yourself. Every minute, every second without nicotine is an achievement!
- It might sound silly. But if you think of giving up, say it to yourself OUT LOUD. "I give up!". I remember going to the night shop on two different occasions and actually buying a package but not having the heart to start again after I said it out loud. Talking to yourself out loud is less insane than inhaling fumes.
- There is no shame in feeling weak! Don't feel guilty about it. It's a huge part of the process.
- A great motivator for me was actually imagining what would happen if I relapsed. Imagining that first hit. Feeling incredible for a second... shortly followed by shame. Embrace that thought of shame.
- Know that deep down, EVERY smoker wants to quit. It's part of the addiction. Those who say they don't, are lying. I know this is a bold statement but it's true. How many times you haven't you lied about this, especially to yourself?

You CAN do this.
