I threw away my outdoor ashtray this morning

I only smoke outside. My "ashtray" has been this disgusting flower pot that was slowly disintegrating all over my back patio. I was sick of looking at it breaking down pieces of clay all over. I was sick of looking at all the smudges all over the concrete where I put out cigarettes. I was sick of all that mess turning into a nasty sludge whenever it rained.

I tossed it this morning so I don't raid it for half smoked butts. And then I swept up all the ash and tobacco flakes all over the ground. It feels weird not to see it sitting there. I don't know what to do with myself when I let the dog out, I have been walking around the yard aimlessly instead. 

I'm using the patch. I don't care if anyone thinks I should go cold turkey, or if it's a crutch. I used to be able to start and stop smoking any time I felt like it. But lately I haven't been able to stop for more than 12 hours without breaking down and buying more. I've tried to quit many times cold turkey over the past year and failed. I can't do it like that right now.

My front teeth have been hurting lately along the gumline. I have been coughing a lot recently and I get winded really easily. I've had a stuffy nose, cold and cough since mid December that I can't seem to shake completely. I'm 36 and I've been smoking at least a pack a day on and off for 22 years, since I was 14. Mostly on though, because I loved smoking. Man I loved smoking. I think I still love it but I just can't do it anymore. It's catching up to me.

I'm afraid I've ruined my health and it's too late. Maybe I've ruined my formerly perfect teeth. For all these years I've defied the odds and I've been exceptionally healthy for a smoker. No cavities, no gum disease, no high blood pressure, no smoker's cough. I could run a couple miles easy. I did all of Insanity and Max 30 as a smoker.

Until the past couple months, I can feel it destroying my body suddenly. Now that I'm trying to quit I'm scared that it's too late and all the health signs that I'm feeling suddenly are signs that I've done some irreversible damage to my body. 

I'm afraid I'll fail again. And if it isn't too late this time, the next time it will be for sure. 

My dad died of pancreatic cancer at 56, after a lifetime of heavy smoking and drinking. That is only 20 years older than I am now and I don't want to have only 20 years left on earth.

The only reason I'm posting this is because hardly anyone IRL knows I smoke. I work in an office where smoking is very taboo and nobody there knows I smoke. I can't really tell a lot of people I quit. So I guess I just wanted someone to know.