Today I choose freedom

I was a smoker for almost six years. I started smoking because of stress and eventually it dipped into other aspects of my life making me dependent on it for almost anything. I smoked a pack of day sometimes more when drinking/partying. I chose the path of freedom from the nicotine addiction today around 1230pm CST. I know it's only been an hour but I am already excited to be calling myself a non-smoker and be free from the addiction.

I heard a lot of people quit successfully using Allen Carr's "easy way" so i looked into it. I read the book and watched the movie. After doing so it was like a veil was lifted from my eyes. In the back of my mind I knew cigarettes were killing me, destroying my self-confidence/self-worth, pushing me into financial instability, and controlling me but it's like I was only aware of it while smoking a cigarette. It sounds stupid but I am sure most of you know what I am talking about. After the book/movie he really does take the illusion away that nicotine helps you but in fact completely change your mind and make you think anything to have another cigarette. It prepares you mentally to quit smoking because that is the biggest struggle with quitting smoking. The withdrawals are nothing compared to the mental battle. I know because I went cold turkey once and lasted 10 days. The nicotine was generally gone out of my system but my mind still thought having "just one cigarette" would not be a problem and obviously here I am today quitting again. 

This time really feels different. I feel like I can look at cigarettes differently now and fight that urge to have another one until it eventually goes away and it just becomes a mental battle. The physical withdrawal is just like being hungry except when being hungry you eventually have to eat to take the pain away because you need it to survive while the withdrawals from nicotine actually go away and don't come back after a few weeks. You don't need to have that nicotine fix to survive.

This isn't going to be easy, have to be honest with myself, but I feel better prepared this time. I already have things I am going to do if I have a really bad urge like chew gum or listen to music but I will try not to rely on them because then it will only make quitting harder as in my mind I will be using those things to replace smoking and not conquer the urges head on.

 I have been lurking in this forum for quite some time now reading success stories and struggles people are having. It's really nice to see the comments people leave on people's post when people have succeeded or been struggling because it's all positive thoughts here. I am glad to say that I will now not be lurking anymore but be participating frequently in this forum. I also joined a quit smoking program through my work so that should help as well. I know that with these tools I provide for myself, my mental preparedness, and the help from /r/stopsmoking and quit4life program that I will finally quit this addiction once and for all and be a non-smoker for the rest of my life.

Look forward to your responses and look forward to participating in this forum from here on out. I hope my post here inspires other people to quit as well. I will post a personal story of what smoking has done to me the past six years if requested.

Thanks for reading.