I’ve made it 24 hours and counting

Last night at 9 pm, I smoked the last cigarette in my pack. I decided not to buy another. I’ve been trying to work up to that moment for a while. 

I’ve been a pack-a-day smoker for the last 12-13 years. I always feel guilty about it. I have 4 children and I know that should be enough reason to quit, but I didn’t.  I notice the way I appear to be aging faster than my friends my age who don’t smoke cigarettes and drink Mountain Dew all day, every day, like I do.  I know I’m not taking care of myself and that it’s unattractive.

As a smoker, I didn’t smoke in my vehicle or indoors. And, I enjoyed smoking.  I’ve been divorced for 8 years and I’ve used cigarettes to get me through all sorts of things. Having a smoke was like having a friend that gave me comfort.  But, looking around, smoking has become much more frowned upon. That’s a good thing. Smoking made me feel like one of the dregs of society.  Even in public, smoking areas are few and far between. It’s not wanted.  I’m the only person of my friends and family that smoked. Always made me feel judged. But I felt like I deserved to be looked at in a negative light because smoking smells and it’s harmful to not only me, but those around me.  Still, I smoked. Just couldn’t cut loose.

I got a new job with a different state agency 3 weeks ago. At my old place, there was a designated smoking area outside and always at least 2-3 people smoking, regardless of what time of day I was out there. At the new place, it was just me. Made me feel even more isolated. I then began to notice that my office was the only one with a stagnate smell. It’s because, despite my best efforts, smoke gets in the cloth and leather of my jackets, especially the sleeves. That smell than seeps into the air and I became embarrassed.  I’m at a new job, only person smoking and with a stagnate smelling office; what kind of impression does that make?  Still, I smoked.

Ultimately, it was the culmination of those things topped off by catching up with someone from high school whom I hadn’t seen in almost 30 years that pushed me to try to actually quit. 

That addiction is powerful and my brain has fought with itself numerous times over cigarettes. The side fighting for my health has always lost. Somehow, for now at least, I’m fighting back.  Since I’m not smoking, I’m also not drinking the Dew.  I don’t know if you know, but that shit is really bad for you, for your teeth, your kidneys, it just sucks. But it tastes great and it was a required part of my smoking regimen. Now I don’t need it. 

Thing is, what scares me about relapse is reading posts where people still get cravings weeks, months, sometimes years later. I don’t know if I’ve got that much fight in me. But, I’m going to take it one day, one goal, at a time. The goal right now is to get through the weekend without giving in. This is a cold turkey quit. No half measures. Just thought I’d share my story.  Good luck to all of you who have quit or are trying to.