Ran out yesterday, but I've been super bored and lonely lately using smoking to cope

I know its not a good or even halfway decent coping method but its what I've been doing.

I stopped for about a week a few months ago, and then when a car almost fucked me up on my motorcycle I went home, got in my car and bought a pack. Been back at it since. 

I've fallen out of my social circles gradually since college ended and its actually really hard to make friends, even harder than it is to date. I can get dates on whatever shit app I want, not that I've used any in like 6 months. 

I used to play video games to distract myself but whats the fucking point when I dont really have anyone I know to play with?
My desktop has been collecting dust for well over a year.

It really sucks though. I'm so bored and lonely and smoking helps give me a few seconds distraction. That and booze. I've been drinking so much more than I used to.

When there wasnt snow I stayed sober so I could ride my motorcycle (which has filled the void of loneliness better than anything ever has for me).. wouldnt touch it if I blew over .00, not worth the risk. Even though dying having a fucking blast wouldn't be so bad either. It would be a quick zoom, splat.


Now its winter again, and I have no winter hobbies, I fucking hate the cold. Its like I've been withdrawing from biking and struggling to cope. I feel trapped, I'm trapped in a climate I hate for half of the year, in a state thats too small, where everyone knows everyone and even the people you dont know you cant help but recognize, with hardly a fucking thing to do, in a night shift job that makes it hard to socialize, in a situation where I need the extra money night shift pays, and clinging to what ever false comforts tobacco and alcohol has been giving me.


 I dont see any way out of this state for a few years, I dont know how to make friends anymore, and I dont want to smoke for a few more years, but its so fucking hard to cope.


I know I need to go back to therapy.


I'm writing this wanting desperately to go buy another pack, telling myself not to, but pretty sure that I'm going to. 


