1 year and 1 month since I quit after 10 years of pack-a-day. My experience and tips

Hey Stopsmoking,
I was a smoker from 2007 to 2017. 

Last year, on the 11th of June I was having my post lunch cigarettes .My colleagues were having coffee in the air conditioned office, and I went outside in 39C degree weather to smoke. 
I smoked my first cig, then half of the second when I realized I was drenching with sweat, not being able to control myself.

Still browsing on my phone, I noticed QuitNow Pro, an application I had bought a few years ago, and forgot about it. 
Decided to open it and redo my profile, and threw the other half of the cigarette. 

The application (just like others recommended here) gives you achievements, stats about what happens when you've been X hours since your last nicotine abuse.
Anyway, I'm a huge achievement hunter, and loved doing WoW achievements, so I instantly got hooked on wanting to complete them. 

Two days after quitting was my hardest since I broke up with my girlfriend of 6 years but keeping myself busy and drinking tons of water was a blessing.

I haven't touched any nicotine since then, and consider myself a non-smoker now. 

This was not the first time trying to quit, but I knew what was causing me to fail before and tried to fix it this time.

So here are my tips, hope they help someone:

1. I always carry my backpack with me, and always had my last pack in it. The previous tries, not having any cig in case I needed it made me anxious and stressed. So just knowing I always had them close if I needed one was good enough for me
Thought to resist, but I managed to.
2. Water. Always had a bottle a water with me, and took a few sips every time I thought of a smoking one. I could have not done it without this liquid gold.
3. Healthy snacks. Filled my fridge with carrots since I loved them. Cut them into discs with a potato cleaner and had some with me at every moment.
4. Realized that if I failed to resist the urge and smoke one, it would not be the end of the process, merely a small setback. I had promised myself that I could end the leftover pack if I needed it, as long as it was not at once.
5. Kept going on smoke breaks just like before, even with smoke colleagues and friends. 
6. This subreddit. During free time I read all the posts, seen all the trouble and problems others had while trying to quit and tried to avoid them. 

I think the most important part is not breaking the routine, just trying to not smoke during it. Do what you always did so it's not that big of a change.

My smoking stats look like this now.
388 days since I quit
7778 cigs not smoked
1983.39 euros saved

Hope this helps even one person. And yes, I judge smokers now when I can't breathe in a car or in a bar/restaurant