Almost 10 days in and I wanted to brag.

I've been lurking in this sub for around 2 months.  10 days ago, driving home from the bar, it was raining.  And not just raining, but wipers on the highest speed, going 10mph under the limit because you can't seen anything, raining.  And here I am, white knuckling it, with my window cracked, my arm soaking wet, trying to focus on driving and getting that cigarette in before I got home.  I was already fighting a cold, that was prolonged from a day or two to a week and a half due to 8 years of smoking.  Coughing until I puked.  Loss of voice.  And for what? 

That was my last cigarette out of my pack, and my last cigarette period.  I went to the bar the next night for a friends birthday.  And begged them to stop at the liquor store before we went so I could grab a pack.  Everyone refused.  Sat outside at the bar, a smoker came and sat near me.  I just kept inhaling.  My friend handed me his tin and I just smelled it.  I did not bum a smoke from the random stranger who took the seat across from me, or any of the guys who got off the party bus a half hour later.  I went home.  I slept.  I woke up the next day.  I did not smoke.  I took my lighter that sat in my cup holder for 8 years and chucked it into my trunk.  

That Monday, on my way to work, something happened to me for the very first time that I can remember.  I could smell my coffee from the cup holder.  I could smell the McDonalds breakfast being made as I made that first left where I always lit up my first one of the morning.  Whats worse, is I could smell my patients visitors at work, the ones who came in stinking of smoke.  Did I always smell like that?  What is this super human smell?  Does everyone have this?! I was ecstatic. 

I brag to anyone that will listen.  I show them my app that tells me how many days/hours/minutes it's been.  How much money I've saved.  What health benefits I'm currently enjoying.  Every time my tracker tells me I've reached another $10 saved, I transfer $10 into my savings account.

I quit cold turkey, and haven't regretted it yet.  The smell of someone sitting next to me who just smoked repulses me.  Walking into the bar through all those people being a slave to a little stick and a cardboard box makes me so proud that I am not one of those sheep anymore.  

I am a nonsmoker.