Week 7: Suddenly want to smoke again while upset; not going to do it but want to rant!

Week 7 today. I had an appointment with my therapist. He said I only have a couple of sessions left with him. I still can't go outside consistently or very far (agoraphobia), I still don't really believe that anyone around me has any particular interest in me so I still feel very alone, I'm still unhappy 95% of the day every day. This has been going on for 17 years and I am now 30. I haven't been able to date since I left my last bf 3.5 years ago (and he was someone I was with for 4 years even though I didn't really love him and I don't think he loved me). So I feel like it's been a long time since I've been in a real relationship and I was hoping therapy would help because I always wanted to get married and have children, but I don't feel any closer to being able to tolerate intimacy.

Anyway, I told my therapist that I was uncomfortable with the therapy ending because I didn't feel better and he explained that "someone like me" would basically always be in treatment but that  the sessions would end for a bit, I would go on out to live life again, then I would return to therapy when "I need it again" - i.e. whenever I hit crisis. And there is a two-year wait for therapy in my country so if I get discharged then hit crisis in two months' time then I will have to wait two years to come back to get support. After we talked for a bit he said he would extend our current block of therapy so I have more than two sessions left now (not sure how many left), but I was more upset about his prognosis for me than anything.

I realise this is just a massive rant but I'm ranting instead of smoking! I just feel so upset and hopeless. He said that he felt I work very hard at therapy - I am very compliant with treatment and I do everything in my power to help myself - which is exactly how I feel too. I feel I work - and have always worked - very hard because I just want to live a normal life. I want to be able to go outside whenever I want to. I would like to be able to go on a date. I would like to be able to engage in my hobbies. I would like to be able to have close friends. I would like to be able to hold down a job. But I have panic attacks throughout the day, or I dissociate, or I'm just frozen up with anxiety, or the depression just catches up with me and eventually I just don't have the emotional resources left to carry on.

Somewhere at the back of my mind I always felt like there would come an end to this and I can just have a normal life - even if I have been in treatment longer than I haven't - but his expectations that I will just continue to be a service user for the foreseeable and that there won't come a day when I'm just "better" are just so depressing. I just feel utterly hopeless and upset.

But I haven't smoked.  And my housemates have left their tobacco and skins in the kitchen so I could have if I'd have cracked.

Well done to anyone who read all the way to the end! I just needed to talk about what was upsetting me instead of trying to stuff it with cigarettes!