This pre-quitting trick helped me

I'm now at 23 days clean, which isn't much in the big scheme of things but is my new record since I took up smoking 12 years ago. Last night I was able to get drunk with some friends who were smoking constantly but not only did I not have or ask for a cigarette, I didn't even crave one. It just seemed totally unnecessary which was a weird feeling because in every single attempt I've made previously- drinking and smoking was usually what made me relapse and I've pretty much always seen them as connected. I reckon this change is partly due to this exercise I got from a friend that I figured I'd share that might help if you're about to quit.

When you've set a quit date- Meditate on each cigarette you have before you finally quit. You don't have to close your eyes or sit in a zen position, just notice yourself smoking the cigarette. Leave your phone, book, coffee, beer, whatever inside and focus your thoughts on smoking the cigarette you have at that moment. You don't want to actually think about it or try and qualify the experience, just notice it. The idea is not to think about the idea of smoking; how it's bad for you, judgement, reasons why you want to quit; etc - you just need to notice how you bring the cigarette to your mouth, how you inhale and see how it tastes; how you exhale and notice what sensations you have as you smoke. It's really important not to try and think hard about how to qualify the experience (eg: 'this is really bad, I really need to quit because I can...') or let your mind wander too much (it will certainly run off very quickly on to a lot of other topics). The aim is just to focus on each action you take and notice each bodily sensation you have as you do it. Trying a regular meditation tape is a good way of getting you into the zone of how to focus your thoughts on the sensation. It's quite hard to keep yourself focused and also not to judge or qualify the experience.

Why it's useful is that it gets you to really see what smoking is actually like. It's hard to find someone that doesn't multitask as they smoke. Even if you're not doing work when you smoke and you're just conversing or even thinking about something you need to do, or just letting your mind wander. What you generally find is that the act of smoking itself is really not that good at all. You start realising that you are just burning your throat and mouth, the sensations of nicotine aren't really that pleasant or interesting, and spending 5 minutes of only smoking actually feels really long and it's reaaaaallllllyyy boring. After doing this a bunch of times and then alternating with my regular habits like smoking whilst using my phone; listening to music; having a coffee; walking; talking to someone; thinking about what I need to do for the rest of the day is that having the actual cigarette was never enjoyable - the reason I kept doing it was because I actually just liked the things that I was doing with it - going outside, having a break, thinking about something else and talking to someone. The cigarette really added nothing to it beyond sorting out a craving for nicotine.

For the first few weeks, every time I got a craving, I just remembered the times of what it was like just meditating on the cigarette, how it burned the throat and mouth and didn't create any good feelings for me at all. Now, I just do those things in my life that I actually enjoy but without the cigarette and they're now more way more enjoyable.