Day 35!

Whats up r/stopsmoking!  I'm on day 35! It actually wasn't that hard this time, and I'm sure I'm done! Now... onto combat some things I've seen on here recently. E-cigs. Do they work? 

That's up to you. 

I had a plan. I knew I loved smoking and wanted to continue, but didn't want the health risks or the nicotine. I was never really a fan of the nicotine, as I really just loved the habit of smoking. I did some research and found that I could get a good "Starter" pack at a local vapor spot. (I'm in Los Angeles, and they are everywhere, but there are a lot of good deals on ebay and amazon, where i do most of my shopping now). 

I started with an eGo style battery, the Vision Spinner, a variable voltage battery. That is actually kind of important. depending on the viscosity of your juice, you may want to change the voltage to get a better resistance, so you can change the "quality" of your vapor. JUST BE CAREFUL NOT TO OVERLOAD THE BATTERY OR THE COIL! I can not tell you how many coils I burned in the beginning because no one told me I could burn them.

So I got the battery and a cheaper, clear atomizer; I still use this setup when I'm out and about. but the important decision I made was on day one. ZERO NICOTINE IN MY JUICE. none. at all. First couple days, it was easy, I was "keeping up the habit," so my body didn't notice it wasn't getting it's fix of nicotine. After day 6, I had my first craving. It was hard. That day, I was an asshole, but I pressed on. After two days of intense cravings, it subsided. I went to a club and took my vapor. My friends went out to smoke, and i went with them. they all tried to get me to smoke, but i didnt need it, or even want it. i had a good flavor in my ecig, and didnt want to spoil the good times happening with that nasty ass smoke. 

After a couple weeks, things started getting harder. I didnt know what to do. I thought I had been doing well. No smoking what so ever and no more cravings and there was no nicotine in my juice. I still didnt want to smoke, but i needed a bigger cloud. I started cloud chasing... I'd see the tiny little puff of vapor, and be really unsatisfied. 

This is where vaping got temporarily expensive. I got a MOD(ular) and the RDA, allowing me to make custom coils. Now that I've added my own custom parts, which really isnt hard, i'm getting crazy plumes of vapor, and I'm back to where I want to be. 
