IV

Day 4.  It's going fine for the most part.

I went with Allen Carr's book, The Easyway.  Chainsmoked right through it, basically.  I couldn't stop reading it once I started.  I can't think of anything in the book that I don't agree with.  It was all true.  I can see it not working for some people, especially if they are the type of person to ignore facts elsewhere in life.  I tend to think that I am not that type of person though.  Even if you don't quit using it, or you've already quit, I think it's a good read for you.

This will be probably the 3rd time for me.  That doesn't count any of the times I tried to substitute for gum, patches, vaping, etc., because those didn't do anything for me.  I just smoked and chewed the gum, wore the patch, or vaped.  It also doesn't include the times I said I quit, but was secretly sneaking off for cigarettes all the time, or the time I used Chantix (again, just smoking and taking Chantix).  I have 2 other real quits ahead of this one, both cold turkey.  Once for about 8 months that ended with the "I can have a few while I'm out drinking" logic, and once for about 6 weeks that ended when something really shitty happened in my life, and I decided that cigarettes would make it so much better.

So, day 4.  Work from home and don't have many obligations for certain times, just deadlines, so I am fortunate in that way.  I've done a lot of sleeping and or staying awake.  As many times as I have slept in the past few days, it feels like I quit well over a week ago.  I almost gives me false confidence in how well I'm doing.  If I feel tired, I lay down, and I don't set an alarm.  Haven't used one since I quit.  When I wake up, I have no problems.  The desire is non-existent.  I just get started with my day (or afternoon, or evening), and if I'm feeling jittery, that just helps me get going.  It's like a little turbo boost!  I drink coffee and water all day.  That mug of coffee might be my substitute at the moment.

Normally I would be munching on something.  The first time I really quit, I literally carried a 3 pound bag of baby carrots with me everywhere.  I would crush one of those every day for a few weeks.  Munchies, munchies, munchies.  Lots of food, or I would even drink sometimes to take the edge off.  I rarely drink as it is, so I can nurse a drink for couple of hours and just carry a very subtle buzz, and it nothing to me.  Lastly, video games.  I keep myself focused on fantasy rather than reality, try to stay away from the games that will make me want to murder some 10 year old on the other side of the country, and it keeps my hands busy at the same time.

This time, however, the munchies are out of the question.  Two weeks ago, I also started keto.  No carbs means no bags of carrots.  It also means that I am not free to munch on anything that's in front of me.  This begins to suck at the end of the day most.  I want to eat something, but only as a replacement for smoking, not because I am hungry (I am almost never hungry now that I started keto).  Late at night I really can't stop thinking about Mountain Dew, Pringles, and cupcakes, and that sucks, but I am really not thinking about smoking.

I live in a house with someone who smokes, and drinks Mountain Dew, and eats Pringles and cupcakes, too, so... bonus!

I've never had withdrawal symptoms as weak as these, that I can recall, and I'm not sure if it has anything to do with the keto.  I am constantly flushing fluid through my body.  On keto, you piss a lot, and really have to work to keep hydrated and keep electrolytes up, so I am drinking a lot of water.  Not sure if that's helping rid my body of toxins faster, or maybe the low carbs is affecting it in some way.  Who's not a scientist?  This guy.

Anyway, overall I feel great so far.  I was feeling a hell of a lot better once the keto got going, and that's what made me want to quit.  I started losing weight, feeling satisfied with much less food, and having much better energy.  The only thing I felt shitty about was the smoking.  Why not eliminate that, too?  Now I am starting to taste and smell the new foods I'm cooking and eating.

And in closing... well I don't know how to close.  Just wanted to share.  Good luck!