[Help / Advice] My quitting story seems very different to everyone else's. Warning - wall of text

I smoked my last cigarette at 12:31pm on Wednesday 14th. That was my 3rd cigarette of the day and the last remaining one in the pack. I was petrified of quitting and the withdrawals, cravings etc BUT i had been really looking forward to quitting with a few weeks.

About 2 months ago I started to get sick of my reliance on cigarettes. I had just had some dental work done and was told not to smoke for at least 48 hours. I lasted about a day and a half and thats only because i was pretty out of it on pain meds the first day.

I live in Ireland and here we have our national budget second Tuesday of October every year. A pack cost €10 and i had always kinda said to myself that when cigarettes went over €10 that i'd quit. Well after the dental treatment I started to really take notice all the other side effects of smoking, nothing I didn't already know and ignored. Waking up in the middle of the night needing my asthma inhaler, randomly being short of breath, having to go for a cigarette after each course of a meal when at dinner, spending most of my nights out with friends in a smoking area etc etc.

So like i said I got it into my head that I was gonna quit and i just needed an excuse to push me into it, which was the inevitable price increase in the budget. Now i didn't do anything different in the weeks leading up to it, other than coming here and reading people's stories. I didn't try to cut down or smoke "lighter" cigarettes as that could have turned into an easy excuse to keep smoking. Still petrified but still genuinely excited to quit.

I have quit before a few years back and lasted about 3 months and fell back to smoking by having "just 1" while out drinking and then "just 1" at home in the evening. You all know how it goes! Anyway that time i used the patches and while helpful, they really knocked my sleep cycle out of whack and the dreams were brutal, so i decided i wasn't going to use them and i really don't like the idea of the e-cig vapes as I feel your still feeding the nicotine habit. Settled on Nicorette light gum as an emergency only back up.

So budget day came Tuesday 13th and cigarettes went up by 50c. Great, this is it. I'm done. Now those of you with god memory will realise my dates don't match up, I said i quit on the 14th. Well the problem was that Still had half a pack left by the time i got home from work on the Tuesday. I typically smoke 10 - 13 a day ( and have smoked since i was 14, 31 now) but could be as much as a full pack depending on circumstances. Well i didn't have it in me to throw them away so i smoked them that evening and finished the last 3 on Wednesday. I'm done, finished, out, quit, etc etc.

Still petrified. Half my addiction is habit. Bus to work, cigarette while i wait, get off the bus, cigarette before i go in the door. Cigarette on my morning coffee break at 11am, 1 either side of my hour lunch break 2-3pm. At least 3 other smoke breaks throughout the day. Cigarette before my bus home and again when i get off the bus. and then usually 3-4 at home especially one after my dinner and one before bed. Phew, just listing them out is bad enough.

And this is the crux of my story, I've been fine, no real terrible cravings, no bad mood, no apparent withdrawal symptoms. From a pack of 30 gum pieces i've used exactly 1 piece, the Thursday morning coffee break was strange not going outside and i was fidgety so i chewed one. Ugh it tasted awful. Is this was nicotine really tastes like?? and all the chemicals just block it??

Since then it's been great. Still catch myself feeling like i should be going out on my break or whatever but no real craving to speak of. AND I'M PETRIFIED BY THAT. Honestly was so expecting the symptoms that not really having any scares me. Why is it so easy. I know it's still very early days yet but I'm really worried that it's all going to go great and i'll be off them and start thinking to myself "well that was easy, i mustn't have really been addicted at all" and then "well no reason why i cant have a few on a night out" and end up slipping right back in. 

In my 2 weeks off them i've experienced most of my usual tough situations. Been out for a meal, gone out drinking with friends, cinema, work day routine etc and come through with flying colours!!.


When i did quit i didn't even tell anybody especially my GF because i was worried the constant questions stressing me and then disappointing people if i didn't make it. Most of my close friends have noticed it about me by now or i've told those that need to know.

So has anybody out there experienced anything similar. Is it purely down to the fact that i was actually looking forward to quitting that i seem to be handling it so well.

I did warn you all that it would be a wall of text. Sorry about the long winded, dis-jointed bizarre text but it just kinda all started flowing out once i started.

TL;DR Quit 2 weeks ago, still waiting for dreaded cravings / withdrawals.

Bonus fact: As stated by a lot of people here one of the unexpected benefits of being off is the rock hard boners, ohh the rock hard boners!! My GF is delighted!!