It's only been hours.

I have smoked for over 12 years, since I was 15, and I have always loved it.

It started the way it started for everyone- I wanted to look cool. In high school I was a casual smoker. I still smoked every day, but not to the point my parents found out. Once I got to college I had the freedom to smoke whenever I wanted, and working in a nightclub throughout college afforded me the perfect social setting to escalate my habit into a full blown addiction. The reason cigarettes and I worked so well together is that I LOVED them. I have always loved smoking. I love standing in a group smoking, smoking with coffee, leaving work for a minute to smoke- the feeling of it I have just always loved. Quitting wasn't really something I thought about because I loved it so much.

As I got older all of my friends quit smoking. The social experience of huddling in a circle in the snow smoking and drinking was gone, it was just me shivering on my own because I was the only one that kept it up. For them it was so easy, they stopped liking it so they stopped. For me it is such a physical need that was impossible. The one thing that did change in me is that I no longer loved the things that went along with smoking. I was typically by myself on a smoke break staring at my phone, my teeth, which were once so white people constantly accused me of bleaching them, are starting to turn yellow. I see other women smoking and think that it looks trashy. I work in an upscale animal hospital, and I see our client's reaction if they see me smoking or smell me. I have to hide my habit from family and grit my teeth through holidays so they won't discover I am a smoker. It is starting to get really old. I still love(d) the act of smoking, but hate everything to do with it.

Three years ago I met my person, who doesn't smoke but never once made a comment about me doing so. Last July we got engaged, and this July we are having a beautiful wedding (so long as a vendor doesn't drop out last minute). Towards the end of this year, we would like to consider starting to try to get pregnant. It was such an exciting prospect until I remembered that I have a physical dependency on cigarettes. I don't want to risk my baby's health by trying (and possibly failing) to quit smoking while pregnant.

So today I took all of those negative feelings about smoking and when my pack ran low I went to the ecigarette shop instead of the gas station. I don't know this sub's mentality on ecigarettes as they still contain nicotine, but for me this is absolutely the best option- cold turkey would never work for my addictive personality. For me, this is a HUGE step. It is nothing like smoking a cigarette, and not even close to as satisfying, but it's something. I am already struggling. I left one cigarette in a pack in case and I'm already dying for it, but trying to prove to myself I can do this. If I can get over the initial hump I think I can get myself off of the cigarettes, and slowly decrease my nicotine dose in the ecigarette (although with the way I'm feeling I doubt there's any in there anyways). 

I guess I just want to hear tips and tricks, or maybe even just other people suffering. Misery loves company!