Don't be afraid. Don't make excuses...

I quit with Chantix. Everyone said it would give you really f'd up dreams, and nightmares the likes of which I'd never seen or would see off of it. Also, I heard it was reaaaaaally expensive. Well, here is my sum up of my experience if it helps anyone...

I made it a point to look into Chantix regardless of what I heard. I read up on it, read some success stories, read some *horror* stories. I said, I am going to talk about it to my doctor the next time I am in. He said, "Sounds like you want to quit finally." I said "I think I do." He wrote the prescription...

Now just so you know, my insurance, is God-awful. It may as well be as if I don't have insurance, because it covers nothing really. All my meds cost an arm and a leg, to see a doctor is a fortune, I never hit my deductible in a year, so I pay for everything essentially. So when I went to the pharmacist to pick up my prescription, I was expecting the worst, and honestly, if It was *too* much, I was going to not get it. I am not a rich man.

So I get to the counter, ask the total, she says nothing. Mean, like, I owed nothing. It was no cost associated with it. I couldn't believe it. Apparently after looking into it later on, my insurance believes its cheaper in the long run to pay for Chantix, than radiation treatment for lung cancer...at least that was the conclusion I drew. 

So of course I got it and left. I took it for a solid 2 weeks before I really started noticing any change, It started with this weird metallic taste in my mouth. The taste seemed to be more so when I smoked. However, it really didn't make me want to smoke less or more or anything really. About the 3rd week in, I noticed the taste of metal was stronger, and my urges for a cigg were less. It was just one day that week, I realized I was going outside less and less. 

By the start of the 4th week, I only went out for a smoke socially, and even that was less and less. I was down to maybe one a day at that point. by the 5th week, I had made the conclusion to stop. I woke up one day, and that was it. I haven't looked back. I don't intend to either.

Have I felt an urge for a cigg since being off of Chantix, I'd say yeah, sure I have. But I have been setting myself goals all throughout the year like posted in a different thread. [link, just for you!*](https://www.reddit.com/r/stopsmoking/comments/3vtp4u/just_spent_what_little_free_time_i_did_updating/) This has been working for me pretty well. I need frequent goals to be accomplished. Weather that be total months, (Just hit 2 months recently! *YEAH!*) or days that sound cool, like 100 days, or 77 days etc. Its fun to get the reminders in my phone, and planning that far out, helps me stay committed for the mere fact its going to suck seeing those reminders 8 months down the road if I start again.

Getting a little side tracked...apologies. Anyway, my summary of my experience with Chantix:

Crappy Insurance, still may cover it 100%.
No nightmares.
Metallic taste, but tolerable.
Go for it. 
Keep smoking like you normally do, don't try to quit right away. For me, it happened organically. 
Setting, and accomplishing short term goals works for me.
I have one big long term goal (1 year) that I am working toward...
If I make it a year, I am going to buy myself a [Green Egg!](http://www.biggreenegg.com/) Its a smoker...ironic I know. 

Hope this helps the community if even a little bit. Thanks for stopping by! 
Definitely worked for me.