Today is the day (kind of a long post)

TL;DR: Broke up with my GF who was causing a lot of stress, got a great chance and environment to quit smoking, now is the time for me.

Hello guys and girls,


I have been a smoker for about 1.5-2 years, and I have been semi-trying to quit the last 3 months or so. I sometimes smoke more than 1 pack but generally it is between 15-20 a day. I even posted here asking some questions if may memory serves correctly.

However, the main problem was my girlfriend. She did not encourage my smoking or smoked except the occasional cigarette; she however when to other countries and continents for 3-4 months. And you know what stresses you out? Your girlfriend in a place full of parties and mindless sex-thinking douchebags. In those months I usually took smoking up a notch, espc. if she was out somewhere for the night.

Anyhow that was probably messed up when I come to think about it, and just recently she has broken up with me. Since then I am in the anger phase, and been trying a lot of things to take my mind off of the break up.

This is where smoking comes in. I moved in with my friends and they strictly forbid me to smoke in home, even in my room. I have to go outside to the balcony and that is tiring plus it is chilly outside. After the breakup, my nights are productive; I work out everyday, catch up on my bass practice, play a couplpe of games with my friends. So the environment is all set up.

What made me took the step, however, is noticing something about sex. With a steady GF, sex was not a thing I had to "try to get", or worry too much about being "the best" at. (all relative terms, bear with me please). Now that she is gone, I realized how smoking really affected my performance (I smoke menthol cigs, heard that they are anti-aphrodisiacs, don't know if it is true). And when I think objectively, I can't find the answer to:

**What would any women want with a smoker? Yellow teeth? Circulatory problems? PE?**

So it all comes down to cigarettes, not one of my basic needs, preventing me from accomplishing one of my basic needs. So that is the main reason behind quitting.

Anyhow; I got a pack with me, and after this pack I am DONE. Rad through Alan Carr's book twice, got my encouraging and strict flatmates, a major cause for stress is no longer in my life (though I loved her, throughly, she was causing stress), got my sports schedule back on track, the stars have aligned, my friends.

First I will smoke each cigarette left with Alan Carr's recommended method for the last cigarette; feeling it completely and knowing it is shit. Then I will get my badge from right here, start my MLC tracker, and off to a happy life! Will post regularly on facebook and twitter, semi-regularly here to not bore you even more with my long rants :)

I wish on your support, and believe you are the people that will help meget through each diminishing craving until I am one of the helpful ones.

Thank you for your interest and patience with me :) Have a nice day all!