22 hours as a non smoker

Hello hello long time follower of this sub. I decided to start stoptober yesterday. It was a little bit of a whim but I’ve wanted to quit for over a year now. My fiancé brought back Marlboro Reds instead of Gold from duty free so I took that as a sign, because Reds kill my throat off. 

So I’m 22 hours in and boy this SUCKS. It’s not even that I want a cigarette I just want this cloudiness and grouchiness and wanting to cry every 3 seconds to stop. Cravings don’t last 15 minutes at all. They’ve lasted me the full 22 hours apart from the 8 I slept. It’s all I can damn think about, even if I try and distract myself. 

Also with my moodiness my fiancé, a smoker yay, is all “please don’t be like this”. Does he want me to apologise for quitting smoking? I can’t help being like this can I? My mind is going at 55 mph, I already have GAD and thought quitting would help that, and I just feel like a failure before I’ve even really begun. 

I’m also terrified because I lost 2 stone and I don’t want to put it back on now I’ve quit. I’m so hungry. I just want to snack to fill the void cigs have left. I’d hate myself for either snacking or smoking so I’m just left irritable and starving. 

I don’t even know why I’m posting. I just feel like I can’t do this. I have so much motivation and I want it so bad but I feel like I have 0 support at all, that everybody’s expecting me to fail anyway... also how the hell am I supposed to make it through my final year of uni like this?? An emotional stressball who can’t concentrate for more than 3 seconds. I’ve smoked since I was 15 - what if it helped me keep focus all these years??

I already do yoga and I’m starting therapy tomorrow too. Just worry I’ve done too much at once. I was going to wait for the new year but took the cigarette mixup as a sign. I just think I’ve made a mistake. 

And yes I’ve bought Allen Carr’s book, too. But he says to smoke until you’ve completed the book. Which just makes me want to smoke. But I said I’d quit. So who knows what the hell i am doing. 

Sorry for ranting