Has quitting smoking encouraged you to change other areas of your life?

In my first week or so of quitting, I read a question like, "I knew a guy who quit smoking and within six weeks, he quit his high paying job, dumped his model fiance and moved to Africa to chase his life long dream of taking care of AIDS orphans.  Does quitting smoking make you do that?"  The answer was, basically, that once people see that they can change their lives by quitting smoking, they feel inspired to change their lives in other ways.  

When I first read that question, I laughed a bit.  I'd never do anything rash like that.  Aside from quitting smoking, at the time, I was generally content with the way things were in my life.  Sure, there were some things that could be improved, but, meh,  whatever.  

Then, at some point around day 3, I decided that I wanted to get back to integrating some Flylady stuff in my life, so I got a listing app to help keep me on track with doing that.  I'd done her program before when I lived in a different house and had huge sucess with it, so, I figured, why not try it in this house?  So, my house doesn't look perfect, but, it's better than it was.  

Then I decided, why not do some exercise and see if I hate exercise less now that I'm not smoking?  So, I've done a bit of research, started tracking what I eat (no changes on that yet, but, I've learned that I don't eat near as healthily as I thought I did), and later on today, when my husband comes home from work, we're going to go to the park.  I'm going to start Week 1, Day 1 of the Couch-to-5k program and he'll pet other people's dogs (there's a dog park section). We haven't been to the park in 2 years (I know this, because I redownloaded Runkeeper today and that was the last time I'd used it).  

Also, I'm trying to quit drinking sodas/ caffeine.  Yesterday was day 1 of that, but, I caved due to a caffeine headache.  I don't have the time to go through caffeine withdrawal headaches for the next week, so, it looks like I'm going to have to step down to drinking tea in lieu of sodas, until I have a week to spare during the break between semesters.  

While these are changes I've made in the past, I really think that I'll do better this time, because I have a ton more confidence in myself now that I've quit smoking (this is my longest voluntary non-nrt-aided quit).  In looking back, I wonder how much smoking impacted my self-confidence.  

How about you?  Have you started changing other areas of your life as a result of quitting smoking?  