Proud

Hi all! I'm new to this sub, just wanted to share a little about my journey to connect with the community 😊 long post below that's mostly just cathartic for me to write out, but read on if you're interested in the products I'm using (not a company rep or anything I swear, I just want other people to know about them in case they find them as helpful as I do) and/or tidbits on how I stay motivated to quit.

I'm very proud of myself at the moment, as I'm currently in the process of quitting and it's going much better than past attempts. The crazy part is that it was on a whim.

Idk about you guys, but to me the prospect of quitting was always huge and daunting - something I wanted to do, but never felt ready for. For some reason though, on June 16 it just sort of happened. I had one cigarette left in my pack, so I went out to smoke it and buy a new pack. Convenience store was only about a block away so I sat on an outdoor bench to finish smoking, and beside me was an ad for a vape company. 

Now, I had tried friends' vapes before and felt that they wouldn't work for me (even at low levels of nicotine the smoke was way too harsh on my throat), but for some reason that day I decided to look up the website on the ad. I noticed that they were selling salt nicotine - rather than ejuice - which I had heard good things about (more comparable to smoking a cigarette, less harsh on the throat, etc.). I also noticed that a starter kit - the vape plus a cartridge - was only $20. The packs I normally buy are $13, so I figured what the heck, if I hate it I only spent a little more than I would normally spend on a pack. Previous to this all the vapes I had seen were $50+. *If anyone is interested, the company is called Vype and I highly recommend their products.*

I bought it and was very happy with it. The good things I'd heard about salt nicotine were true, I felt it satisfied the craving better than ejuice and didn't burn my throat. Then I realized how much money this thing was going to save me; I'd usually go through about 2 packs a week, which would be $104. With this vape, I go through about a cartridge a week, and they're only $6 each, so in a month I'd only spend $24, saving $80. Im young, broke, and living in an expensive city, so that's a hell of a motivation to remind myself of when I start craving a cigarette.

I've already been able to move down one nicotine level - started at 5% (57mg), now down to 3% (34mg) - and already feel confident that I'll be able to drop down again when my latest cartridge is empty because 3% is still quite strong. I have had a couple cigarettes in social settings since then, but when I did have them I noticed they felt really strong and the taste was less enjoyable which made it easier to just have one. I'm trying to allow myself the occasional slip because one of the problems I encountered before is my tendency to go all or nothing, which was self-sabotage because I'd give up on any progress I'd made as soon as I had one slip. So far taking a more relaxed approach has been effective, in that 3 weeks later I'm still sticking with it AND I don't feel nearly as stressed about it as I normally would.

Technically I'm still smoking, but smoking a vape vs cigarettes eliminates a lot of the toxic chemicals which I'm considering a win for now. It also has benefits like not smelling like an ash tray and coming in delicious flavours. I find myself going out for less smoke breaks because I can have a couple puffs here and there as I'm walking to the car or whatever, which is enough to satisfy the craving and leads me to smoke less overall. I remember many times when I'd light a cigarette, and half or less would be enough to satisfy the craving but I'd smoke the whole thing because who wants to throw away money, or save half for it to taste bad when you re-light (I would do the latter sometimes, but not often). So it's nice that you can smoke as much or as little at a time as you want, rather than having discrete amounts per smoke session. Also, vapes are more suited to smoke tricks (which I enjoy, and am quite good at if I may say so myself) which, despite looking kind of pretentious, provides some extra entertainment I didn't get from cigarettes.

I never imagined that I'd find myself on the way to quitting because of a whim, it always seemed like this massive undertaking I had to build up to and prepare myself for, but maybe jumping on the moment I felt inclined to start is exactly the right way to do it because then you've got a sense of natural momentum rather than feeling you have to force yourself. I'm only 3 weeks in so who knows, this could all turn out to be bullshit, but fingers crossed things keep going this smoothly. Good luck to everyone out there also in the process of quitting, however you're doing it - we got this, stick it to the stupid 2inch cancer sticks!!