“Help me /r/stopsmoking, you’re my only hope.”

Hi guys,
Long time lurker, first time poster. I have had glimpses of the joy and beauty of being free from the slavery of nicotine, but I cannot seem to escape. I have been smoking for 7.5 years now - about half a pack a day. The longest I ever quit was a little over 2 weeks back when I graduated college in 2013, but that quickly collapsed after a night out drinking. I have attempted quitting maybe a half a dozen times since, always for no more than 3 days. 

I read Allen Carr’s book (for the second time) over the course of about two weeks and attempted to smoke my last cigarette last Saturday night. Sunday was amazing; I was very excited, motivated and used every “pang” as a reminder of the joy of being a non-smoker as Allen Carr puts it. However, by Sunday evening, all my brain could focus on was trying to drink and smoke. My brain likes to get existential when it doesn’t get its quick dopamine sometimes and it tries to convince me that I don’t really care about the joys of life that much. It reminds of the rather large amount existential and nihilist ideas out there. 

Thankfully, I just decided to get in bed around 7:40 and try to sleep. Woke up at 5:00 with immediate joy and excitement. I felt amazing and thought for the first time I was actually going to be able to keep my word and never smoke again. Fast forward to around 7:00pm, I’m driving back from a birthday dinner in which I had only one beer (side note: something I’ve learned about myself – I cannot drink for the initial stages of quitting if I ever hope to quit). All the angst, all the sadness, all the disregard for my future came crashing into my brain as I dove and I simply could not fathom, in that moment, existing without quick dopamine (I realize how sad and pathetic that sounds as I write). I ended up buying beer, smokes, and chips – my three vices. Thankfully, the chips and beer got old quickly and only had a little, but here I am today smoking once again. In fact, I have to drop off a fedex package right now and am grateful for the opportunity so that I can get out of the office to smoke on the way. I am tricked into feeling that cigarettes provide some level of comfort. Intellectually, I know this is an illusion. 

I really, really want to put this behind me and be a non-smoker, but I am not sure what to do at this point and I worry about my chance of succeeding. I plan on reading Easyway again and perhaps purchasing the online course, though $150 upfront is money I much rather put towards my student loans :P. Obviously, long-term it would save money, but that’s only if it works.

From what I’ve seen this community appears extremely beneficial and supportive to those that quit – along with a plethora of wisdom. My hope is to tap into this support and wisdom to get some guidance. If any more background info is needed I am happy to supply it.

In the words of Leia, “Help me /r/stopsmoking, you’re my only hope.”

Thank you.
