My wake up call came yesterday. I CANNOT keep smoking.

For about a week now, I have been experiencing flu-like symptoms. I had been treating the sickness like a common cold; drinking orange juice, getting plenty of rest, and taking aspirin for fever. Of course, I had a cigarette whenever I could get through my awful coughing. This went on for about five days until it reached a peak. I could hardly concentrate on anything from the splitting headaches I had, and I was couching so intensely that I couldn't keep food down. I drove myself to the ER, where they measured that I had a fever of 103 and that I needed to be seen right away.

I was made to get X-rays, steroid shots to dilate my lungs, an IV, and painkillers for my raw throat. (They also took enough blood to nearly make me pass out, but that's a different story). After being left alone with a concoction of drugs in my system for about four hours, a doctor came in and said that my breathing tubes were approximately 50% smaller than they usually are. He told me that, as a result of my continuous smoking, I had introduced so many toxins into my lungs that my body was treating them as an infection. Meanwhile, I had been feeding that infection while trying to get better.

I was required to spend the night in the ER with a breathing mask strapped to my face, and was only allowed out once I had inhaled everything they had brought for me.

I'm still coughing up a storm, and now I'm forced onto several medications and an inhaler until this ends.

This whole experience was awful, as I hate hospitals and needles, and I enjoy the act of smoking and the odd romantic comfort it gives me. My girlfriend, bless her heart, was there beside me in the ER the entire time, and is willing to help me quit for good this time around.

Please, don't allow yourself to get to the point I did. I considered myself a "light" smoker: only 3-5 cigs a day for less than two years. This has been a huge wakeup call, and I'm ready to take the first steps towards quitting for good.