Well, i don't want to quit, but i know i have to quit.

I've only been smoking for 5 or 6 years. I smoke Red 100's and i love everything about it.  I'm in college,  and i always assumed i would quit when i graduate, but since changing my major,  that would take it to 5 years. I don't mind... 

  However,  I've been getting sick lately.  Chronic sinusitis that lasts for weeks,  sometimes even a month. I've always had bad sinus issues and It effects me really really badly once maybe twice a year.  However, As of May 31, 2015,  I've had no less than 5 sinus infections.  2014 saw many as well.  The one I'm dealing with now is the worst I've ever had it; high fever,  extreme pressure,  vomiting.  I never want to feel this again,  so I'm quitting.  

But i don't want to be the pretentious nonsmoker,  lecturing people outside the bar. I understand why they do it.  I don't want to be that pitiful exsmoker who talks about cravings all the time either.  I just want to be indifferent about it,  but i don't know if that will ever be possible.  

Is smoking a cigar once in a while cheating.... I never considered that a smokers habit.  My friend's are military guys, and they bring home the best and the most expensive.  I'd hate to lose that bonding time with them. 

Well,  sorry about this rant... I don't talk about this often so it helped me.  If you have any recommendations or tips,  i'd greatly appreciate it.

Edit: typos 

Edit 2: i hope you don't take my love for smoking as my dependence for it.  If we didn't love smoking at one point,  there would be no need for cessation programs.  That's the point of quitting,  right? 

You guys were very helpful,  even pushy helpful,  but the nonetheless something i needed.  Thank you so much for the support. 

I did go to the doctors,  ha ha. It's been nearly a week and i can finally breathe.  I can't smell or taste anything yet,  so i don't get to enjoy that bonus,  but I am hoping the worst of both quitting and this sickness is over with.  

Thank you again for your support! 