Slipped up again after 4 days

By my 3rd day, I pretty much got over the nicotine withdrawal(no cravings). Today this morning however, I ended up smoking one with my coffee because I was constipated and the coffee, dark cacao, and coconut oil just didn't do it for me. I have work today and know that I'll be miserable if I'm this bloated during work so I decided to smoke a RYO(roll your own) organic cigarette. It's been 4 hours since that cigarette and strangely enough I'm not craving another one at all. Usually if I smoke a cig, I'll crave one more about 1-2 hours later. I don't feel "addicted" to nicotine anymore. I'm still gonna try to make sure that I don't smoke anymore, but if I have work...and if I'm bloated/constipated again, I'm sorry but I'm gonna have to smoke one. I apologize if my story ruins the morale for those who want to quit permanently. I don't think I'll ever permanently quit until I find a week or two where I don't have work/school, etc. 
anyways, 1-3 cigarettes a week is better than 10 cigs everyday(my older habit). To me, this is still an accomplishment. As for how I feel after smoking that cigarette....it didn't feel like how I usually feel after smoking a cig. Before this, smoking a cig meant "getting my nicotine fix" like a junkie. This cigarette I smoked today felt more like I was a non-smoker enjoying a casual smoke/or a social smoker at most. That being said, I'm never gonna go over 3 cigarettes a week. That feeling of waking up and having a cup of coffee and going out to the backyard and smoking a cigarette and relaxing/reflecting on life and just laying back....I don't think I can ever give that up completely. That small amount of cigarettes is no effect on my finances. Not much effect on my health(I know many will disagree) but honestly...I do think an occassiobal smoke is actually healthy for the mind to just wind back and get some of the cognitive benefits of nicotine. Just like an occasional indulgence of 90-100% raw cacao, organic coffee, green tea, psychedelics, cannabis, etc. Everything in moderation is the key. This is just my opinion and decision. I can understand if you disagree. Btw, this is not an "excuse" I'm making for myself, but I've just been thinking all night about what life has to offer. If you truly decide to never go bear nicotine again, you'll be missing out on the occasional Cuban cigar, or going to hookah lounges and just enjoying life with your friends. That being said...I'll NEVER buy a pack of cigarettes again. Either I roll one up every weekend or go out with friends to a hookah bar, but that will be my only nicotine consumption. And this time, I know I can go days and maybe even weeks without nicotine(unless I get constipated lol), I've broken the "addiction as per cravings for nicotine goes" 