First time posting here. Here's my story.

I grew up in a smoke free home. No one in my family smoked except for my aunt, who is heavily frowned upon for it. Some of my friends have been smoking since middle school. But I was always the kid that was "too cool" to smoke. Mostly due to the ass whooping my parents would deliver if they ever found out.
 
I did good with abstaining from smoking until college (of course). During my sophomore year after a party, one of my frat brothers handed me a Black N Mild. I was intoxicated at that moment and thought 'what the hell', and took my first puff. I can remember it very vividly. As soon as I inhaled, an immediate rush of false euphoria hit me. My world spun. And an instant buzz overwhelmed me. It felt good. I then discovered how well tobacco complimented alcohol. I said to myself, I know this can give you cancer and/or heart disease but damn if it didn't feel good. 
 
I began to smoke every time I drank alcohol. Then after meals. Then when I became stressed or irritated. After a while, I was a regular smoker. I would wake up to a Black N Mild like coffee. I found myself taking smoke breaks during work, just like the cigarette smokers. I was smoking weed at that time too; every time I finished a blunt, I would light a Black N Mild. 
 
I started smoking in my car, in my room, at the club, before class and after class. No matter where I went, I always had a Black N Mild with me. I didn't realize my problem until I went back home during break. I met my parents at the door and hugged my mom, she pushed off me and said "boy, you smell like smoke". I thought I covered the scent pretty well but it's too potent of a smell to a non smoker. I immediately denied that it was me and blamed it on my roommates. Unknowingly, at the time, that it reeks through your pores and sticks to your clothes.
 
I didn't smoke while I was back home but I couldn't wait to leave just so I could be free and smoke again. I would buy a Black N Mild and smoke it as I was leaving the city again and return back to college. 
 
This went on for nearly 6 years until I decided to quit. One of the main reasons I quit smoking was because I started to get chest pains. I initially felt the chest pains around year 4. I then began to limit my smoking from 2 or 3 Black N Milds a day to 1. This helped some but didn't alleviate the pain, of course. But was more manageable. Another reason I stopped smoking was because I was tired of **trying** to hide my habit from my family. They already knew from the obvious signs of a smoker. Smell. Look. Black lips. Bags under the eyes. Another reason was because I wanted to become healthier and wanted more energy.  Another reason was because of the fear of cancer and heart disease. And the last reason was because I no longer wanted to be *that* guy. You know, that guy that everyone knows for being a smoker. So I cold turkey'd on my birthday 2013. And haven't smoked since. Although, my roommates smoke everyday, I made up my mind to quit for good and that I'm above the influence. It was tough in the beginning but once my mind was made up, there's nothing that can change it.
 
I do not plan on smoking ever again. It feels so great to be sober. I actually enjoy and love life again. I wouldn't trade it for the world. 
 
To those that are struggling with quitting, just look at how much it has changed your life being a smoker and the dangers you are doing to yourself and others around you. Trust me, being sober is feels much better. Get a buzz from life. It's fucking awesome. 
 
Stay strong. You can do it.