My choice is smoke-free.

So I quit. Been just over two weeks since. Funny thing is, I miss it. Every now and again I feel the urge to have a smoke. This is followed with an immediate, but stern "No!"

There are triggers. Coffee is one of them. Caffeine is the evil relative trying to get me back to her twisted cousin: Nicotine. Switching to the blow up doll, miss DeCaff, hasn't helped either. It is that warmth in mouth; the time of day, the bitter taste, that if accompanied with a cigarette; would complete the experience. But I will not quit the quit, I will stay quit. Yes, I will stay quit. 

The suit, the fat cat corporate enjoyed 10 years of a steady income from me. He managed to rule over me. He hooked me when I was weak. I was only a teenager back then, but I thought, "Hey, this smoking thing is cool". He hooked me knowing that I will get addicted. He hooked me knowing that he will succeed to sell me a product that is nothing. What does anyone gain by buying a pack of smokes? Nothing. Smoking weed at least gives you a high, but smoking cigarettes removes an uneasiness that was caused by the cigarette in the first place!

Enough. Enough money burning. Enough burning my life. Enough of the stench. Enough of the bad breath. Enough of the stained teeth. Enough of the uneasy breathing. Enough of the enslavement, the routine of opening my eyes in the morning and grabbing a cigarette. Enough of lining the pockets of the fat cat, Mr Suit, who will not pay for my medical bills as a result of me buying into his products that will inevitably kill me. It is not cool. It is not cool....it is NOT cool. 

It is difficult. I learned how to smoke. My chest pained. I coughed and I got nauseous. But I soldiered through to learn how to smoke. Now, I will learn how to not smoke. I will soldier on. 

I am an adult. I am no longer that weak juvenile teen that thinks he knows best. I am a free thinking individual that will not be enslaved. I have the choice. My choice is smoke-free. 

Renegade. 