A little bit different of a nicotine addict.

So I'm posting here though this is a board more concerned with actually stopping smoking. I'm a nicotine addict but this has actually evolved over time. 

It all started in college when I was frequently smoking cigarettes, particularly when studying and working. I smoked maybe a half pack a day at most but more typically just a few cigarettes here and there each day. After college, I moved on to grad school and by then fortunately had been able to leave smoking behind aside from a few cigarettes here and there at parties, etc. However, during that transition, I also transitioned my addiction to dipping, which was particularly satisfying during studying (gross, I know) as a pick-me up as well as a type of oral fixation. Throughout grad school, I dipped consistently every day. Once again, this transitioned once I moved in with my girlfriend and I wasn't willing to dip in front of her. So for a period, I changed over to e-cigs and finally dropped that in favor of simply nicotine lozenges. So, I guess all things considered, I've steadily headed in the right direction over a period of about 8 years.

Regardless, the addiction over this period of time has pulled me in deep as any addiction tends to do. In particular, during my time dipping, it was the only way for me to get through the endless hours of studying required to get through in my particular field and found that I was completely unproductive otherwise. Then at work, I felt that I could only get through the day by using those nicotine lozenges and I started to need one nearly constantly. And I also noted that while this was certainly better than smoking, I needed it constantly and it was controlling my life excessively. Further, I could tell it was draining my energy overall, especially as I was not able to sleep well with the excessive stimulation effect from the nicotine.

So, anyway, here I am. I decided last Sunday to quit entirely. But because I snuck a few cigarettes in on two days, I'm counting today as my badge day. So far, I don't feel particularly better and I've had a good deal of anxiety on a daily basis, particularly as I have a very high stress job. I've been working on eating well and cutting back on caffeine as well but those have been difficult with this as my primary goal at the moment. I am looking forward to dropping a habit that has driven my life for years, especially as I'm hoping to make progress in a lot of other ways.

Well, just wanted to vent and tell my story. Thanks for reading! I'll be checking in frequently in the coming days.