Smoking screwed my life for the past 10 years

Hi everyone,

I've been dealing with nicotine addiction for a long time. I started at 21yo, and I'm now 35. At first, I thought it gave me a great buzz, and it was a way for me to meet new people. 

I  know cigarettes are not good for my health. Personnally, they make me tired and apathetic. I also react more nervously to unexpected event while I do. It also gives me bad skin and very bad acne.

But smoking has been fucking with my head for other reasons. Mainly because I've worked for many years as a personal trainer, and I'm now a manual therapist (similar to physiotherapist). That means I'm always hiding to get my nicotine fix, fearing that someone could see me. My professional reputation would be damaged if some people knew. I guess some probably do...

Just imagine being in a professionnal seminar, and leaving outside secretly while it's minus 20 celsius outside to smoke. Now when you get back in, I must make sure I don't smell... Same thing when I'm working, my clients can't know... I even hide it from my fiancée.

I tried to stop numerous time, sometimes with some success. But I always got back to it. At some point, I was even smoking butches found on the street, just to get a little without buying a pack. My mother is a smoker, so a lot of times I would restart smoking while being with her.

So yeah, cigarettes make my life miserable. I guess I just needed to vent, because is such a big secret for me.

I know it's time for me to quit. 75% part of me wants to, but the other 25% tells me I'll be missing the "fake relaxing effect" of the cigarettes.

But now is time for me to be a man, and take control of my destiny. Yeah, I wanna get really old and keep good quality of life. Yeah, I wanna be congruent with my values, since I spent so much time learning about making my clients healthier. Yeah, I want better skin, more energy, and less stress. Yeah, I want to stop to hide all the time. 

It's time for me to be the man I want to be.

I'll need your positive energy guys, it's probably the hardest fight of my life, and almost no one knows.

There's already a voice in my head saying: why don't you start stopping tomorrow morning instead.

I guess iIt's time to get on my spartan mode. Tonight, I'll dine in hell.

