I don't know if I can do this

Hey guys.

I've recently come to the realization that I actually don't want to die because of some fucked up addiction I have - what a revelation.

I'm terrified.
I have been a heavy smoker throughout my 20s, not the same kind as you guys - ciggerates I've hated with a passion.
I've smoked mixed tobacco King size joints and up until I was 28 I also smoked cigarettes, because well I can't smoke weed all day (I did still)

Two years ago I picked up an e cig and thought I could chest myself a bit more.
I quit Marijuana for a while, came back to it and ended up vaping during the day and still burning tobacco with my joints.

Well, about the same time I started to develop a kidney issue, I'm losing protein in my urine.
Over the two years I've seen it daily when I went to the toilet, foaming urine reminding me somethings wrong with me, stressing me the fuck out.

12days ago I quit the weed, it went well thanks to the e cig, but now I'm coming more and more to the realization I might be fucking up my kidney with this thing, dehydration, PG/VG, nicotine raising my blood pressure.

Basically I know I want to quit, I don't want to do this to myself anymore.

But I've never been an adult without these things, I'm scared shitless.

I don't even know what the purpose of this post is, tomorrow I want to stop vaping, I'm scared, I don't know how ill handle it.
I don't know what to do or how it's gonna be.

What can I expect? I'm terrified, I can't even write down this post to summerize what I think - I'm just scared about quitting and I don't have anyone to talk with this about so I'm here.

I'm worried I will get angry, snappy, I'm worried I won't sleep (I barely do now because I just quit weed) but I have to do it, I don't want to die from kidney disease, fuck.

My doctor says my renal function is fine but im still losing protein in my urine lol, how is that fine?

Sorry, its a rant and me just crying to myself.

God how the fuck am I gonna stop this?
How do you handle the stress, anger, insomnia that comes with quitting?

Sorry for this useless rant.