I'm not quitting... Yet. But I do want to share something.

Hello everyone.
I've been smoking for over 5 years now, and have "attempted" to quit roughly 4 times. I say attempted because I gave up after a week or two, not because I thought that the withdrawals were killing me or because they were unbearable but because I found them more inconvenient them throwing away $20 a week. Today, however, I've finally learned something. Smoking is a choice. It is not an easy choice, and can be one of the hardest choices you can ever make, but at the end of it, it is YOUR choice and no one can force you to do otherwise. (barring gun to the head type of scenario)

I've been lurking on this subreddit for roughly 3 months now, right before my last "attempt". Over the course of that time there have been two things that I've noticed; one which puzzled me, and another that I honestly did not believe. The first one, is how overwhelmingly positive this subreddit is. It doesn't matter if someone made it 5 days or 5 years, they get both get a positive reaction from the community, and a ton of encouragement. The main part that puzzled me though, was even the people that only succeeded in the attempt like me were still positive, and received back a ton of positive replies as well. That is honestly the most fantastic thing I've witnessed besides the video of the "Asian man helping others" (google it, if you haven't seen it); and I honestly hope you all our proud of yourselves because it really is a fantastic thing.

The second thing that puzzled me though, is why people kept linking a book to help people quit smoking. Honestly the vary idea sounded completely insane, and I could not understand how anyone believed that a book could help them quit. It doesn't help the cravings, the irritation, or mood spikes. However, I would like to take all of it back. Today I stumbled upon a post while lurking that had a link in it by /u/davanillagorilla [1] . The link was to Allen Carr's Easy Way to Stop Smoking. Being the pessimistic person I am, I had refused earlier to even look at it, however today I was bored and decided it might kill some time.

I've currently only read the book to page 16. I do not believe I am ready to quit yet, and will not quit yet. This is not because I believe that I lack the willpower, or because of the cravings/pains of quitting are to much to bear. I just find it inconvenient to quit as of this moment because the cravings will be irritating and almost constant for me. Kind of like an itch you can't scratch, it literally is not the end of the world, but it's there. However, even that is not the main reason. On page 16, I read something that I can honestly say changed my outlook on smoking and this book. It isn't something I haven't thought or heard before, and I can't honestly say why it struck me, but I wanted to share it with everyone here that is lurking like I was, or that are struggling to quit.
Those of you who think you enjoy a cigarette, ask yourselves why other things in life, which are infinitely more enjoyable, you can take or leave. Why do you have to have the cigarette and panic sets in if you don't?

My first though after reading this, was honestly about sex. I've barely had sex over the last 5 months (Count on one had type of thing) because my wife and I had our daughter back in June, and sex has not been a pleasant experience for her for a while. And it made me actually think, if I had to pick between never having sex or never smoking, I would pick sex in a heartbeat. I would not hesitate or ponder about it, I would just pick it because it is more important to me and to my marriage.

I am not saying that this quote changed my life for the better. What I am saying though, is that this quote opened the possibility of me actually quitting. It gave me an interest in a book that I previously dismissed as a terrible idea and hopefully this book will help me quick a habit that I have not enjoyed since I started.

If you are interested in the book, I would suggest you look at [this.](https://www.reddit.com/r/stopsmoking/comments/3ktubd/why_cant_i_put_him_first/cv0i6tb)