Stepping down on patches this week

Hello all,

Going into my fourth and final week on step 1 of the patch, and figured I'd pop in and see if anyone has any tips or insight as to how it might be. This place has been a huge help these past few weeks, just seeing others' stories and struggles and successes really helps to put things into perspective.

In general, I'm super happy about this experience. I've tried cold turkey and e-cigs without success several times in the past, but this one I know is working for me. I'd linked so many physical habits throughout every single day to smoking; while at home, in the car, at work, while drinking, etc. While I know I'm still addicted to nicotine, it's given me the mental space to put effort into breaking those habits and redirecting my energy. For instance, my energy and focus at work is noticeably better, and without smoke breaks I can take time to sit down and breathe while reorganizing my daily plan. It's really crazy how much stress the habit itself causes; without worrying about my next break, I can take my work stress in stride and largely remain far more calm than if I was *also* worrying about how it would affect my smoking routine. It's also allowed me to be far more carefree around my family, without the worry of smelling like smoke, which is huge. 

So anyway, I'm going into step 2 (14mg) of the patch on Thursday, and just wondered if anyone would like to share their experiences. I think I'm in a good place to handle any increased cravings that might come along with that, since as I said I have a much better handle on my work and home life than I have in a long time. I plan on sticking with step 2 for at least 2 weeks, then step 3 for 3 weeks, with a final 2 weeks of cutting step 3s in half. That would give me about 2 and a half months to fully separate myself from my smoking routines, and essentially create a new mental landscape where the oral fixation is essentially non-existent. Then I'll deal with the nic, which at the point will be very minimal. My only real worry is that we are moving into a busy season at work (restaurant industry - my job itself is not super high stress by industry standards, but it has its moments), but I think I've got this.

Thank you for reading and have a beautiful day!