I decided to quit once and forever after the most disgusting events of my life.

I don't even know that actually when I got addicted, but as soon as I found I was addicted to this filthy thing I started trying to quit. To be honest fist couple of years in the beginning of my addiction, I didn't even consider quitting smoking as I really enjoyed it. But I must say it changed my brain completely. I used to hate cigarettes and any other substance abuse , I still do.
After turning 18, I started to hang out with friends who smoked. I can still remember that I just wanted to know what they really felt when they smoked, and that curiosity led me to try it and thus I got addicted to cigarettes.

So far my best quit was for 62 days and it was almost 3 years ago.

I wanted to quit smoking forever as a 2018 new year resolution but I made a huge mistake to hook up with a CSW in December 23. That stupid incident ended up with a horrible condom failure. I was  afraid of STDs, specially HIV.

I got myself into a lot of trouble, I couldn't even think what I was supposed to do next.
My brain stopped working, I was so fucking disappointed with me. I was smoking more cigarettes than I used to, since when that happened to me.

On 6th January, I hooked up with an unknown girl, I was out of my mind at that time, I just wanted to let myself be a little distracted from my anxiety and a sort of depression. So I indulged in sexual activities with her, condom broke, again, very unfortunately, leaving my brain numb and paused.
As far as I could remember the condom broke almost a minute or so before I ejaculated inside her, she knew it and she seemed not worried at all.

I need to get tested for STDs after a certain period of time. 6 weeks at least to get tested for HIV. Before that the test is not 100% accurate.

Extreme anxiety,guilt, Depression, Lack of interest in life. It's like a nightmare to me.I  was smoking way more than I used to smoke because I could not feel any good without it. 

Usually, I smoked 7-12 depending on my Day and activities. On an average I smoked 9 cigarettes a day.

On 9th January 2018, I woke up with a very bad feeling. I was depressed thinking that I was supposed to be happy by now as a non smoker who had gave up smoking on 31st December 2017. But here I was worried to death about HIV.
I remembered how every year I took a resolution to quit smoking forever but didn't.
And this year I was in trouble.

I thought to myself okay. "You are guilty for not quitting smoking and having random sex with strangers and unfortunately condom broke both the time"

So, here is the math, the odds of getting HIV or Herpes is less than 1 in 1000 per act with an infected female via vaginal sex. And most probably none of them were infected with HIV OR HERPES. 
So, According to the stats I'm most likely safe.

On the other hand the odds of getting cancer from smoking cigarettes is very very high.
such as the fact that about half of all smokers will die from smoking, and of these, about half will die before or around age 50. These numbers come from a landmark 50-year study of physicians in England, initiated in 1951.

The irony was that I smoked for more than 6 years in spite of all the risks associated with smoking but I was freaked out by two random condom broken incidents.

After considering all the facts I realized that smoking is way more dangerous than condom failure with people of unknown STDs status.
I should be worried to Death because of my addiction not because of STDs that I might have got from those incidents.

I decided to quit that day. 

 I don't want to feel the need to smoke after making love with anybody. I hate the constant nicotine withdrawal that smokers go through and to relieve that withdrawal smokers have to keep smoking.

I don't want to lose the opportunity to taste the food offered by our mother earth, to see my grandchildren playing with muds and dust, I  want to  see myself smiling, looking at the mirror, saying you are amazing. I don't want to miss the event when humans will set their feet on Mars. I'm happy with my brain and it's capacity I don't want to damage it by smoking.
 
So, before  the calendar turns to 10th January 2018, I extinguished my last cigarette of life. 

The worst nicotine withdrawal of my life I went through.Anger, irritation, restlessness, unpleasant thoughts, anxiety about STDs, extreme temptation to light up again. It was the worst withdrawal. 
I just kept repeating one thing to me "if needed I will kill myself but I won't smoke at any cost, no matter what happens". 

I was unnecessarily behaving bad with people who cared for me, I was just being a dick at work. I was getting really depressed also. I mean really really depressed, almost crying. I mean it was weird because I was living with the guilt of messing up my life. 

Day by day my brain adjusted and adapted and I started getting better after day 11.

10 days ago I got braces, that I always wanted because my teeth don't look nice. 

I'm Happy now. On my 25th Birthday I will be a non smoker who will have quitted smoking 53 days ago. That's going to be the best birthday gift I have ever given to myself. After my birthday I will get tested for all STDs as a non smoker. 

I wish you all the best on your quit. Always remember your reasons to quit, repeat them to yourself every moment you face difficulties. 

I have learned that the best time to quit smoking is when you are going through a difficult time. Because once you are able to remain quit in those days, you most probably won't be stupid enough to light up again. 

Thank you so much all fellow humans. love and best wishes . 

Since 09. 23:59 January 2018: 24 days and 13 hours smoke free, 221 cigarettes non-smoked. 