Smokrastination. Just some thoughts about my personal experience.

I'm 23 and struggling to quit smoking. Smoking since my 18. The only time I really wanted to quit was one year ago and I actually made it for two months. However, during my birthday party I really thought I had surpassed my addiction and decided to smoke just one cigarette. Naive, I know. The next day I was buying a pack and started again. And ATM, I never smoked so much.

I really feel tired of smoking and starting to think that I will never be able to reach my full potential until i gain the mental strength to decide to stop, once and for all. I have always been a procastinator during school and now that i started working and still have a thesis to finish, I feel like my addiction is the perfect catalyst to both stop my workflow and increase my anxiety levels. Besides, I am feeling always tired due to both my eternal lack of good sleeping habits and the natural effects of tobacco. 

Just like many of you, the moment I am smoking a cigarette is somehow a hideaway from daily anxieties and fears. A moment of inner-reflection and consciousness where I am able to motivate myself to do the stuff I have to do. See the irony? My procrastination leads to smoking as a relief from the pressure i am putting into myself to finish my tasks; during my reflection while smoking, I feel a rush of motivation to actually DO SOMETHING. A never ending loop.

I am feeling a mess because I always felt comfortable at university because I knew that despite my habits, I would be able to reach my goals. However, since I started working I sometimes feel overwhelmed with all the new stuff I am learning and all my insecurities are exposed. 

Right now, I feel that if I don't stop smoking immediately, I would never feel free from this discomfort. It's somehow the very first challenge and if I can't make it, I feel I will compromise all my other goals. 

I stopped smoking two days ago and I started writing just to release the stress. I am craving right now but I know that after the hell in the first three days, I will feel much better. 

Sorry for the TLDR :D
