Relapsed after a 4-month quit

First, I should say that I smoked for about 15 years, from age 15 until this past July at the age of 30.  I was a pack-a-day smoker for 12 of those 15 years.

After attending a music festival this summer and finding my throat raw from all the cigarettes I smoked while there, plus the pressure from my 8-year-old daughter, I decided I needed to quit before the year was over.  I wound up making an appointment with my doctor and decided to start taking Chantix.  

After taking that stuff for a couple of weeks, I made July 25th my quit date.  That day came, and for the first time in 15 years, I managed to completely stop smoking.  It was amazing, like a whole new world had opened up to me.  It had been so long that I had completely forgotten what being a non-smoker felt like, and it felt great.  Not a day passed that I wasn't thankful for finally being rid of that awful addiction.  That lasted for four months.

On Thanksgiving weekend, my kids went out of town to go stay with their grandma, and for whatever stupid reason, I decided to completely unwind, have some drinks, and bought a pack of cigarettes.  I didn't think it was a big deal then, because I'd just toss whatever I had leftover when the weekend was over.  However, when I returned to work on Monday, I suddenly found myself wanting to smoke again.  I immediately panicked, because I had already stopped taking the Chantix, and wondered if I had completely screwed myself by smoking that weekend.  I bought another pack to help deal with the anxiety.  Fast-forward a few days and I'm right back to a pack-a-day and completely miserable about it.  I can't stop beating myself up for what I had done.  

I started reading this sub again, and based on the suggestions of more than a couple of people, I picked up Allen Carr's book.  I wound up reading that book three times over the course of the last month.  I knew, after reading that, that quitting again was a possibility, but for some reason I continued to make excuses and find reasons to continue to smoke.  

Finally, this past Monday, I decided enough was enough and I threw my remaining ones out, and knew then and there that I was a non-smoker again.  It's been over two days since my last cigarette, and though I've struggled here and there, I feel completely awesome again, and know that I have kicked them for good this time.  

Resources like this sub have been invaluable in my second quit in one year.  The support and advice of the people here can't be beat, plus it's great to hear from people who are going through the same experience you are.  

And to all new quitters...you can do it, too!  It's easy to constantly question yourself and relieve the anxiety you are feeling by smoking just one cigarette...but that anxiety will pass, and sooner than you think!  