This is my last day as a smoker. Posting for myself, please ignore. Long post, too.

I'm sick of it and I'm pissed off at myself.  I'm sick of 'trying' to quit and lasting only until later-on in the morning.  I'm sick of feeling sick, of constantly being out of breath, of being tired.

I've been trying with NRT.  Nicotine lozenges.  I made if 13 weeks on them, but bombed the minute I tried to wean myself off of them.  Right back on the smokes.  NRT is bullshit, it just lets you feel like a normal human being while keeping your addiction alive and kicking!  It's a waste of time and money. (If you're reading this, please add 'for me' after every sentence. You do what works for you, your results may vary!  This is just me unloading my pent-up bile.)

I'm sick of trying and failing.  I'm sick of spitting out lozenges and spending the rest of the day being a sorry burden on my smoking coworkers.  I'm sick of how conspicuous I feel going outside every hour for a smoke in the middle of the work day;  the vice-president already mentioned I need to 'get back on the wagon,' it's only a matter of time before the frustratedly sarcastic remarks from the supervisor starts.  I'm sick of my successfully-quit-over-a-year-ago coworker-of-equal-level snickering at me.

I'm sick of feeling powerless.  I'm sick of going broke while pissing away our cash on something what just makes us sick.  I hate that they found a way to monetize our failing health for their profit.  My grandparents smoked and died of cancer.  My parents smoked and died of cancer.  My wife and I both smoke.  My son now vapes and does the hookah.  I hate that I wasn't strong enough to be a good role model, not strong enough to help ANY of them.  I'm going to develop cancer and I'm going to suffer a slow and expensive death just like my parents did.  I'm sick of if all.

Fuck NRT's vaping, and smoking.  This is my last day of being an idiot.  I'm going to wake up tomorrow and chow down on Cold Turkey.  I've read Alan Carr's book.... two and a flip-through, and I'm going to grab the little monster by the throat and hold it's head under the water in the toilet until it drowns.  Tormund Giantsbane is my spirit guide!

TL;DR: Blah blah blah, I'm quitting smoking tomorrow.  See you there!