Popping to write a little.

Ok, so I'm in the middle of day 3.  Popped a 4mg lozenge before I even got out of the bed on Thursday morning and haven't looked back.  I'm bummed that I have to start all the way back at square one ...yet again... but I reminded myself of some important lessons for this time through, like take it super slowly, especially when it comes to the final step-off at the end.  Take it slow.  It feels *too* slow in the middle of it but that's just because I've got enough poison in my system.  Slow.

I really wish Alan Carr worked for me.  I read the books twice.  I understand where he's coming from, it makes perfect, illuminating sense... but I can't, well, because I previously haven't been able to make the pins align in the lock of the prison door.  S'ok.  AA doesn't work for everyone with alcohol addiction either.  Hell, I even had myself hypnotized for smoking, I tried acupuncture.  Acupuncture seemed to work better than hypno, and both worked better than easyway, for me, but I think it's just that you *have to believe* for it to work.  And I've always been a cycnical atheistic myself.  Yes, I'm blathering like an idiot, please ignore me.  I don't know, I'm just feeling optimistic right now that I'm getting the lozenge groove back and god forbid I try to talk about quitting smoking or drinking with anyone who lives in my house.  She smokes and drinks, boy vapes and drinks, 90% of the people I work with smoke and drink, and I can't think of a single one of them who's ever expressed the slightest interest or curiosity about getting clean, and besides who the fuck am I, the morality police?  Their dad?  Nope, I've only got sway over myself so I'm walking this road alone.  Except for you guys here!  Thank you for being here; I'm sure a lot of us would be walking a lonely, scary road if not for the support subreddits.

I'm doing good, and I hope you are too.  If you're struggling, if you feel isolated, just remember that you have us.  You're not alone.

I could kill for a cigarette-infused-martini right now. (j/K)