Smoking doesn't even make my happy anymore

has anyone else noticed this? Whether or not I'm a smoker or a non-smoker, I seem to have the same amount of bad days. It's like I can smoke and be miserable 99% of the time, and then smoke and be happy 1% of the time. Or I can be a non-smoker and be miserable 99% of the time, and then be a non-smoker and be happy 1% of the time.

I understand that the choice is obvious when you look at it like that. But wtf is going on? It's got me scared that I fried a lot of the parts of my brain that are associated with pleasure. Like whether or not I'm a smoker or a non-smoker those parts of my brain only can activate for extremely small periods of time. The rest is just a constant depression.

I mean seriously, what the fuck is up with tobacco? I can't think of a single worse drug. And I truly believe that behind every "burn out" is a smoker. They make your normal so unbelievably low that the "new normal" of having to be a smoker is like 500% worse than it was when you were sober. At least people who are addicted to crack who have a "new normal" get to enjoy life when they're on crack. All I do when I smoke is think about killing myself.

Rant over. It just makes no sense. This is the worst piece of shit drug on the planet. I even see new smokers smoke them sometimes and they immediately become significantly more depressed looking. It's like a reverse drug. Just makes you fucking miserable and tricks you into smoking even more to try to get back to what you were before you started smoking. But even that doesn't work. And you just fall deeper down the hole.

Seriously, fuck this drug. I would have much, much rather been addicted to heroin. At least then I could say I enjoyed myself when I did my drug. And I wasn't terrified of the all the oxygen loss that's gone to my brain. 

FUCK SMOKING 

Edit: wow, it's really incredible how impermanent thoughts are! Just an hour ago I was drowning in a mess of rage and confusion. And suddenly I'm feeling so free. I just went for a run and for the first time in my life it was easy! I even had the motivation to clean the house just a second ago. It really does feel incredible to be where I'm at right now. I'm sure it will get hard again, but I'm ready. Just hold on guys, it gets easier! 