Is it OK to experience such dramatic mood swings?

(EDIT: "mood swing" is actually a wrong expression here. I feel like crap all the time and there is no swing to speak of - I am extremely depressed and nothing else)

Hi everyone,

I've decided to quit smoking and it has been around 1.5 days now since I last smoked. Honestly, this is not my first attempt: all failed at around 2-day mark so far, but I never tried *really* hard to stop. I'm 23 years old, had been smoking since October 2016, at around one pack a day.

My question is... Is it normal to experience dramatic mood swings during this withdrawal period? I don't feel like smoking at all now - I mean, during today, I think I haven't even thought about smoking, but I feel myself terribly anxious and sad for no apparent reason.

I'm dealing with a breakup that happened almost two months ago. Up until recently, I was doing generally fine. Of course, I was depressed; but I had a positive attitude going forward and not terribly shaken. Trying to attend my classes, focus on my own life, doing my best to remain positive and look forward to the future etc...

Since yesterday, though, I've cried several times thinking about her. For no apparent reason (she's completely out of my life - not a single stimulant to remind me of her) I started feeling like I could never do without her. 

I'm anxious about pretty much anything - classes I am supposed to attend, doing the dishes, showering... My world suddenly started feeling very dull, boring and without action. 

I want to believe that this happens because of nicotine withdrawal and will soon go away. Because, really, nothing changed in my life in last two days other than me trying to quit smoking. 

Do I need to look for another reason or could you say that this is about quitting smoking? I don't have much experience with tobacco or what it does to you when you stop using. Can it really do that kind of nasty stuff and make an adult cry about something irrelevant for hours? 

If the tobacco is the reason... when will I start feeling OK again? I'm really fine with not smoking - I don't have an urge to light up, even in this state of mind. I just want to feel happy again but I feel like I can't even control my mind anymore. 

Please tell me this is only because of tobacco and will go away in near future :/