Its long, but here's my story for anyone who wants to read it

I've always been around smokers, but never had the desire to smoke myself. Tried it about 3 or 4 times as teenager out of curiosity and peer pressure -- didn't get caught in a web of addiction. This all changed one day when I was 26. During a particularly stressful week, due to a bad break up and other things (but mostly because of the bad break up), I walked up to my boss during his smoke break and asked for a cigarette.

I read somewhere that its hard to get addicted to smoking after you turn 21. I had also read somewhere that addiction was a gradual process. But as I smoked the last of that cigarette, I knew I couldn't stop. There was something about that fateful Camel I still cant fully explain.

That was 4 years ago. Needless to say, I quickly progressed into a pack a day smoker soon thereafter. During the first couple of years, quitting never occurred to me. Smokers around me would try to quit all the time, and I would have a certain discontent for them. Don't get me wrong, I was fully aware of what this actually was -- an addiction. And I liked it.

Then I moved to a country where public smoking is banned. This made me smoke even more. There has always been a certain camaraderie among the smokers of the world -- and this was one of the things I liked about it -- kind of like how bus drivers seem to to know each other wherever you go. And when smoking is banned, this brotherhood if you will, strengthens with an even more ferocity. Smokers, usually disgusted with designated smoking areas, would find spots of their own, in alleyways and behind train stations.

I hate to admit it it, but eventually this hiding around got to me. I may have been running away from past relationships, but I wasn't on the lam. That was when I decided to quit -- about a year ago. I had been addicted to other things -- alcohol being one of them -- but I knew kicking smoking would be the hardest thing I had ever tried to quit, including my ex.

So I started running. My resolution was to run/walk a mile for every cigarette I smoked. This worked. At first. I was a fat man who could not run/walk more than a couple miles a day. 70lbs and 7 months later, I was running a a lot more than I had ever run before, but I was also back to smoking half a pack a day. I would finish a 5k in 25 minutes and light up a cigarette, much to the dismay of other runners who would finish after me.

25 minutes wasnt fast for a 5k, but it was certainly above average where I am. At the end of 2016, many 10ks and a half marathon later, my speed hadn't improved all that much, mostly because I was back to smoking a pack a day. I eat healthy -- mostly fruits and vegetables -- but I still gotta have that cigarette.

Then three days ago, I decided that the only way to quit was cold turkey. Now I'm irritable and anxious and writing this long post on reddit, so thank you if you've made it this far. At least I have a run to look forward to later today.