6 Months Today!

Howdy everyone, 

I'm really excited that I've made it 6 months without smoking. To the people who are in the first week, keep going, it's so worth it! I quit using a combination of the patch and a vaporizer, and weened myself off both.

You CAN do it!

Once I made it through the first 3 months, I realized I could do all kinds of things. I've lost 36 pounds since the start of September, I started going to the gym, and I stopped procrastinating about cleaning my house. 

I feel fantastic, and I'm so proud of myself. It took a lot of effort. I had a lot of horrible smoking nightmares the first 2 months. Sleeping was awful. Cravings were awful. I still get some. Now though, I call myself a non-smoker, and there's no part of my brain that wants to contradict me. I'm going out to dinner with my wife and in-laws tonight to celebrate!

If anyone has any questions on my journey so far, or what worked for me I'll be happy to answer. Just remember, you really can quit, and you'll never regret it.

**Edit:** I wrote this on my lunch break, so I apologize for anything that doesn't make sense in this or seems rushed. 

Few extra details: 31 male, smoked for 13 years, right around a pack a day, last 6 years of that I smoked the Swisher sweets little cigars, which are packed tighter and are bigger than a cigarette, so maybe 1.5 pack a day equivalent. 

I was a secret smoker (from nearly everyone), and I quit because I was sick of hiding. It was also costing me an arm and a leg, and I was starting to worry about getting cancer and long term health effects. It really took a lot to get past the "love" of smoking, which I realize now was never a real thing. It was always about the addiction. 

I forgot to add one other thing to this. My health insurance through work will be going down $300/month in January because I was able to pass my nicotine test. I don't make a ton of money, so that's huge to me. That $300/month for insurance plus $180/month on cigarettes is going to make my family's situation in life seem a lot brighter. 

Reading everyone's stories on here always helped me have the motivation to keep going (keep pounding!) and so I hope that my story can help do the same for someone else. 
