Quitting soon, wish me luck.

Sorry for the long post, just looking for advice and support.
 I'm a 17 year old female, I've been smoking since I was 15, which thankfully isn't long at all. Despite how little time it has been since I started, I will not deny that I am completely addicted. I won't deny that it has taken over my life, my spare time, my health, and the small amount of money I make. I have gone through a lot within these two years, which is why I began smoking in the first place. It was offered, and as the dumb teenager I am, I took that offer. I've been grieving, going through more change than I can handle, and I'm tired of thinking that a dried fucking plant will help me feel better. I've tried Welbutrin to quit, it didn't help with withdrawals at all (which I get really badly, I have an awful addictive personality) but it made smoking very.. unsatisfying? Every hit felt like I was smoking a broken cig and I never got any kind of relief. I smoked on and off while taking Welbutrin, and eventually didn't smoke at all. Until I got a job and was able to afford cigarettes more often. I started again, and since then I haven't enjoyed it at all. Physically, I enjoy it, but when I smoke I hate every second of it. It really has started to take it's toll on my health. Every hit I take hurts, breathing is increasingly difficult (especially in the morning), and I've clearly became more and more unhealthy within the past 2 years. I've wanted to quit since I started again, but I just keep buying more. I can't handle the withdrawals. It's like I go crazy until I can get my hands on another cigarette. I become extremely irritable and emotional, when I'm going through withdrawals I'm so quick to respond negatively and it just never seems to go away. Until I smoke again, of course. When I have less than half a pack left, I get so anxious wondering when and how I'll get my next pack.
I work a minimum wage job, and today I got my biggest paycheck yet ($300). I went to the store, bought myself some nicotine gum, and finally decided to quit. I have about 4 cigarettes left and I plan on quitting immediately after those are gone. I'll smoke then with the thought in mind that they will be my last. I'm scared, but also excited. I know I'll miss the social aspect of smoking. Going out for a smoke with friends, talking while smoking in the middle of the night, all that stuff. I know I can be social in other ways, but this is one that comes so easily, probably because it's out of habit. I just can't wait to be able to breathe easily when I wake up, and to be able to take my time when getting ready to go somewhere because I don't have to make sure I have enough time to smoke.
Please, give me all the tips you have to offer. I know I'll need some kind words to help me through this. Give me some suggestions of a hobby that will be easy to get into. It's 2:35 AM right now, I'm about to go smoke with my boyfriend. I know some time tomorrow I'll be out of cigarettes and that will be when I start the nicotine gum. I'll give an update here in the next few days on how things are going.