Relapsing helped me quit for good

Hi all. First time poster here. I just thought I would share my story so far, just incase it might help others trying to quit.

When I was 13 I moved to a new school. In this new school insanely the MAJORITY of people in Y9, Y10 and Y11 smoked. It wasn't long until I began smoking too just to fit in, despite successfully encouraging my parents to quit when I was 12. Between the ages of 13 and 16 I were smoking anywhere between 10 and 20 each day without any of my family knowing.

I told my parents when I was 16, which was a huge mistake as I went from 10 to 20 a day to 30 to 50 simply as I were no longer hiding it from anyone.

On the 3rd of June last year (my 18th birthday) I decided that I no longer wanted to rely on cigarettes and damage my health any further, and decided to quit cold turkey. The quitting went quite well despite the occasional outburst when under stress and soon enough I was celebrating 1 week, then 1 month and then 3 months. After 3 months I began thinking about cigarettes a lot. I kept having dreams where I starting back smoking and I kept wondering if I should just start again.

I spent around 2 weeks considering it until one morning I woke up and decided to drive to the store. I bought a 20 pack and drove to a quiet street where no friends, family or co-workers will spot me. I lit and smoked a cigarette, expecting that amazing high feeling I had gotten after relapsing 2 weeks in on a previous quit attempt, but this time it was different. It felt like I'd smoked my first ever cigarette, I got no buzz from it, it didn't feel good or bad it just felt pointless.

Over a 2 week period I smoked the remainder of the pack without any friends, family or co-workers knowing, but I never enjoyed a single one. I hated the lingering smell every time I got in my car, I hated hiding it from people and I simply couldn't justify the money I was spending for zero enjoyment. After finishing the pack I had no desire to buy another as it was clear I had beaten the addiction, and the only reason I'd felt good previously was because of it. It was clear I no longer needed nicotine. The 5th of November 2016 was the last day I ever smoked and because I relapsed once, the desire to ever smoke again has gone. I never even think about cigarettes anymore unless someone else mentions them.

Hopefully my story will encourage those who have caved in previously to just go again. It gets easier every single day and soon enough you'll be looking back at your former self wondering why you ever damaged yourself in such a way in the first place.

TL;DR: Relapsing after several months made me realise that I was no longer addicted and that cigarettes never actually made me happy. It was always just the addiction tricking me into thinking smoking helped. I haven't even thought of or considered smoking again ever since.