One Year Free After 40 Years of Smoking

Yes!  One year? I can't believe I did it.  I am 60 years old.  My first cig was probably when I was about 11 years old; I was living in Alaska at the time. My best buddy would swipe smokes from his parents. Back then no one would really notice or care. 

We'd sneak puffs in the endless woods.  Not a big deal.  It was fun. Back then smoking was cool for everyone except young kids.  Smokes cost about  25 cents a pack in vending machines.  Movies, TV, magazines, billboards...every damn thing said smoking was good! I used to buy candy cigarettes too.  Cute little copies of the real packages. 

My dad smoked.  My grand dad smoked.  My grandmother, aunt, neighbors smoked.  I smoked regularly, though lightly, from about 15 until my twenties.  Smoking continued to increase.  At 21 I started driving 18-wheelers, cross-country, solo.  Perfect job for smoking!

I remember enjoying my breakfasts at truck stops.  Two eggs scrambled, wheat toast, hash browns, endless free coffee, a good newspaper and lots of cigarettes. Smoking was awesome! They went so well with those seemingly infinite long stretches across lands I'd never never seen before. 

Over the years smoking became an integral part of my persona. I loved smoking!  And everything about it! In fact I still do.  But, unfortunately all those years of smoking were starting to take their toll on my body which was otherwise in good health. [I'm male, only 5'6" (170 cm) tall and weigh about 130 lbs (60 kg).] 

* * * 

As I've written in posts here before (and undoubtedly will again), I hit the end of my smoking days about a year ago.  At that time I was essentially coughing constantly.  A chronic throat-clearing kind of cough.  Up to this time I rarely would get colds or any kind of sinus problems, but now I was starting to sneeze all the time.  I started carrying tissues and a handkerchief with me.  I had already had other symptoms almost certainly related to smoking.  Numbness in my hands and feet; I couldn't cross my legs more than a minute before I would have to uncross them because it hurt and my leg would go to sleep.  My skin was getting that dried-out look, greyish too, no glow.  Walking up the four flights of stairs to my apartment started to be difficult; I would need to stop and catch my breath at the top. Too, I would get occasional waves of sharp pain in my chest.  I thought smoking mostly affected the lungs, now I was discovering it was affecting my heart too! Really a bummer.  On top of all this was the fact that I had subjected my wife and daughters to my smoking too (I smoked in my office/room).  For years.  Shame. 

The first week of January 2015 I bought some over-the-counter cold medicine to see if it would help stem the flow of mucous in my sinuses. I had never taken a cold medicine before and I knew I was taking it now to counter to ill-effects of smoking. Horrible. 

Well... in a few days the medicine was drying out my sinuses but to the point where now if I blew my nose there would be blood. A lot.  Well that was it.  I always said that blood would be the one sign I couldn't ignore and I didn't. 

I smoked for about 40 years and heavily for the last 30 of those.  One and a half to two packs a day.  Easy.  I quit January 6, 2015. 

Within one week of quitting nearly all my symptoms were surprisingly gone.  No more wheezing in the morning lying in bed just before getting up.  Coughing. Gone. Runny nose. Gone.  Breathing started becoming deeper and easier.  Those were the immediate effects of quitting. But greater changes were coming too but they would take time and some are very subtle. One thing is that the chest pains have stopped.  I can cross my legs as long as I like.  My skin color is back.  I can feel my blood circulation is stronger. 

Of course there are all the other good things too: I smell good (according to my wife), house is smoke free, saving money, have a tremendous sense of self-accomplishment and self-control, and even my voice is sweeter and more resonant (at least it seems so to me). 

The road hasn't been easy and I still get the occasional craving; but I know now cravings dissipate on their own if gently ignored for a few minutes. 

I would like to say to those who are much younger than I who might get the wrong impression about my experience and think that "hey if this guy could smoke so long and quit and make a comeback I can too"; you are kidding yourself.  The hardest part of quitting is not nicotine, it's all the mental associations we establish over the years with smoking. The sooner one quits the better--stop imprinting associations and a reward system with smoking. 

I was really looking forward to this day, when I hit one year, but now that I'm here my mind shifts to the reality that I will still need to be vigilant and I must never forget the minors hells I had to go through to get this far. 

Quitting smoking has changed my life in so many wonderful ways.  I am very thankful to have made it this far. 

