After 45 Years, I Quit. Cold Turkey. 100 Days Free.

Didn't want to post too soon... 100 days is a nice marker. 

Yep, that's it.  First puff over 50 years ago. Then toking.  By the 20's I was trucking.  Smoking pretty regular now. Maybe a pack.  30's a pack a day.  Beyond that, heavier and heavier. By 59 I was smoking close to two packs a day. 

Eventually it caught up with me, even though otherwise I'm in pretty good shape (exercise, diet and genetics). Being kind of sick (like having a cold and a cough all the time) was starting to become normal.  There was a convergence that conspired against me to finally say, "I'm done".  

First few days were extremely strange.  For the first time in decades with my morning tea or coffee no beautiful cig to light up with a wooden match.  In the evening after work sitting in the wooded park with a cold beer, the thought of no celebratory smoke was nearly unimaginable.  But it had to be.  I had my fun with cigarettes and tobacco.  I'm lucky I was able to bail before terminal calamity. 

For you young smokers let me share some wisdom. Nicotine addiction is tough but is fairly easy to beat (only in the blood 72 hours after quitting); however the psychological addiction and associations one establishes with smoking tobacco cigarettes are a surreal and most malicious malady. The longer you smoke, it won't be the nicotine that's cumulative, it's the programming in conjunction with the nicotine. 

Now I'm free.  I can breathe! Our lungs are the pump, the driving force of life. 

In the morning when I wake up is the best thing!  There is no longer wheezing.  No need to cough. At all.  I take very deep breaths.  No chest pain as before.  I can speak strongly, clearly. I feel empowered by overcoming such an insidious habit.  Sometimes it's hard, because on the one hand there is condemnation of smoking on the other I still relish my memories, smoke betwixt fingers... curling, romantic waves of fragrant smoke...

Haha!

Sobeit. 100 days. Yo. This sub-reddit is outstanding.  The badge is cool and encouraging, though I hope the day comes when I forget about and come in every year or so to say "hey!". 

To all you of you former- now non-smokers, peace be with you.  We can do this. 
Smoking is beautiful, but it's a bummer for the body. 
