Quitting vaping - Tried every day last week, took a break, back at it today

I smoked about a pack a day for over a decade, quit and started vaping nicotine about 5 years ago. Doubled my nicotine intake from where I was when I started vaping, and now I'm trying to get off vaping.

I've tried nicotine gum and nicotine patch, right now I'm trying the patch again. I can't do cold turkey because nicotine withdrawal puts me into some kind of weird migraine or seizure thing due to medication I have to take for my psychiatric disorders. Nicotine also helps with the cognitive impairment that goes along with my disorders, so I have to give myself the time to adjust to 0 nicotine slowly or else I won't be able to function at all.

I've read about Allen Carr and listened to documentaries about him. I haven't read the book but I have a feeling I've picked up the important bits from my research about him, and hearing about the book over the years. I might still have to listen to the audiobook if I can by the end of this weekend, but I really feel like today's the day for me to quit.

I started patches beginning of last week on the Sunday. I wore the patch but couldn't stop vaping completely for the first few days. I would use a small fraction of what I normally use. 

Over time I started subconsciously increasing how much I was using while still wearing the patch. When I noticed that I went out and got some 0 nicotine liquid and used that instead. 

That would work for most of the way through the day, but at about 10 - 14 hours in I would cave in and start vaping nicotine again. The step 1, 21mg/day patch is about half the nicotine I'm used to having in my system, based on how much nicotine gum I tend to chew when I've tried to quit vaping using that method. 

But I know if I can get through the first day or 2 I will have adjusted to the patch.

I continued going almost all day and then vaping in the evening, for the rest of the week, and then stopped putting the patch on and went back to my regular amount of vaping for the last few days. This morning I put on a fresh patch and I'm trying again. 

This time I'm not going to take any extra nicotine above what I'm already getting from the patch. Every time I put on a new patch it's only easy until I take extra nicotine either from gum or vape, and then it gets more difficult to say no to the next craving, so I've learned that lesson, so I'm not going to do that this time.

I really feel like I'm going to do it this time.