5 years ago today I quit.

I quit 5 years ago today on August 8th, 2013.  I started smoking when I was 16 years old and suicidal in high school figuring it wouldn't matter the consequences because I wouldn't live to be 20, that was 22 years ago.  


I started on roughly 5 cigarettes a day when my best friend in high school started smoking, I would occasionally bum one off of him or his dad or one of our other friends.  I eventually started buying my own packs and soon was a pack a day smoker.  By the time I was 25 I was smoking a pack and a half a day and had no intentions of quitting.  Around 30 years old I become unemployed and I had trouble affording cigarettes, so I started making my own, I would by the injection tube machines and boxes of tubes and bags of tobacco by the pound and before long I was smoking 2 packs a day.  I actually attribute a lot of my motivation to quit to these self made cigarettes.  Much cheaper than store bought cigarettes, I live in New York State where at the time I quit a pack of Marlboros was 9 or 10 dollars in NY and I lived near Pennsylvania and they were maybe $5 a pack there, even at PA prices at 2 packs a day it would have cost me $10 a day times 30 days roughly a month = $300 a month to smoke.  For the "rollies" as we called them, despite not rolling anything, they really should be called "injectees" were $30 a pound of tobacco with 3 boxes of tubes at $2 each would be $36 would make me roughly a pack a day for a month, times 2 equals $72 a month smoke...hence I smoked the self made cigarettes.  But they were rough, REALLY rough on my lungs, whenever I got spare money I would take a break from the rollies and buy a store made pack because it was easier, less work to make cigarettes.  I remember needing time every morning to sit and make 2 packs of cigarettes before I could leave the apartment.  But after a couple years of smoking these I couldn't take it anymore and started trying to quit.  It took me many many many times to successfully quit.  I would quit for a couple days then start back up, quit for a week start back up, quit for a couple weeks, start back up.  This lasted for over 2 years.  I then quit once for 3 months and then started again on day 91, I was so depressed that I had gone back to it.  It was particularly interesting because most people seem to have told me that it gets easier after 3 days or a week, or at most 2 weeks...NOPE.  For me it took about a month before I felt normal again.  Which reminds me, I always quit cold turkey, I never saw the point of trying to quit using small amounts of what i was addicted to.  Every time in the past that I tried to quit using NRTs I ended up just coming back smoking more than before I tried quitting.  So after quitting for 3 months and then going back I was depressed and my dad told me something that stuck with me.  He told me that "the man that never gives up is never beaten"  I knew I needed to try again.  That was this time, 5 years ago today.   

My sister and brother smoked as well, my brother quit 6 months before me, my sister still smokes.  2 years ago my dad died of a heart attack and my sister told me she was sure I would start smoking again after that, it was always my way to cope when I was really depressed.  I didn't.

5 years.