Inositol.

I'm in the process of quitting, stopped smoking on Dec. 19, was initially using 4mg Nicorette to deal with cravings but have been down that road before -- nicotine gum has in the past tended to make me actually MORE addicted to nicotine, but I'm a big baby when it comes to withdrawal. 

I started reading about supplements, etc., that could mitigate withdrawal and make it bearable so I could drop the gum, and my sister (non-smoker) suggested inositol. She uses it to relax in general and thought that since she finds it quite sedating, I might too (very similar genetics).

OK so I'm not exaggerating here, supplementing with inositol -- two 500mg capsules every 3-4 hours or so (though there's really no upper limit to dosage, it's a very safe supplement, please do your own reading on it) -- has reduced my cravings to nearly nothing. They're still there, but so weak I've found them very easy to work through. Formerly I would have cravings so intense they were like a bad acid trip, but since the day I started supplementing with this stuff, they're easily managed, it was like flipping a switch.

So timeline: quite smoking Dec. 19, but used 4mg gum aggressively (and increasingly) until Jan. 5, when my sis suggested inositol. Started inositol Jan. 6 (10 days ago). Strong mitigation of nicotine cravings started immediately and has continued since. I stopped using nicotine gum on Jan. 7 and haven't used it since. In other words, supplementing with this stuff made it possible to COMFORTABLY go cold-turkey, something that in former attempts put me in a state that can only be described as a powerfully histrionic, bad acid trip from hell. 

Anyway just wanted to mention it, searched this subreddit and saw that it hadn't been mentioned. Context: 36yo, male, now-former smoker who'd been heavily addicted (pack-a-day habit) since early 20s, started smoking at 15yo. Multiple unsuccessful quit attempts. I'm riding the inositol train right to the end, this time, I'm quitting for good, and you know I'm not a shill since inositol is a cheap, well-known and pretty well-understood substance that is sold by a few dozen different manufacturers.

Hope this maybe helps someone.