Tried quitting at least 10 times now. Need some serious help because I feel that smoking is exacerbating my dermatographism and is overall sending me into a spiraling depression.

Hi everyone. I just found this subreddit, sadly, because of the death of u/uniquestring. I can relate because my great uncle died of lung cancer from smoking and that was such a heartbreaking time for my family. Heart disease and high blood pressure runs rampant on both sides of my family so I'm sure I'll have these problems in the future. I just recently turned 24 and started smoking at 18. 

The longest I've ever gone without smoking a cigarette since I started was three weeks, and that was with the help of the patch. I still remember how great I felt during those three weeks and I can't remember what caused me to relapse besides the stress of college. I miss those three weeks terribly. 

I also have a skin disorder called dermatographism that causes me to itch uncontrollably unless I heavily use antihistamines. Smoking only makes it worse and I have an itching (bazinga!) feeling that smoking may have caused it to appear.

There are a few reasons I can think of that really cause me to turn to smoking to cope. I moved 9 hours away straight out of my parents' house almost 6 months ago and finally being on my own has been a little hard to adjust to. So I smoke. My job has an extremely stressful environment brought on by my managers and corporate overlords. So I smoke. I feel like I'm going nowhere in life and that's scaring the shit out of me. So I smoke. I haven't reached the point in my life yet where I truly love who I am and I hate it. So I smoke. I constantly get put in romantic situations that turn sour very fast and it makes me feel like something is wrong with me. So I smoke. 

I'm probably being way overdramatic with those last two reasons, but they're reasons I put in there to make myself feel better about being addicted to nicotine. I don't want nicotine to be a part of my life anymore and I don't want the action of smoking to be a part of my life anymore. But after that three week hiatus from cigarettes, I haven't been able to get past a week. 

And now I feel like this post is pointless because anything anyone tells me isn't going to help cause I'm a stubborn fuck. But I need help. Badly. 