2 months in, extremely proud of myself, here is my story

Let's start about when my smoking addiction got too heavy, here is my story:

So i've been smoking since I was 13-14 years old, Around februari this year someone really important in my life died, this had nothing to do with smoking directly, he died on a really old age. But he ment so much to me, it actually struck me so hard that i've, since that day, smoked more and more. 

Before he passed away I smoked around 9-15 cigarettes per day, ever since he passed away it doubled to 25-30 per day. I am 21 years old. You know - I had an excuse for smoking more, because someone close to me died. And I was young so what the hell! 

Then I started coughing more and more, was feeling down and a lot of other stuff, and at one moment I realized that I couldn't go through with it, so quitting with smoking was in my head constantly, not serious enough to quit yet, but it was a start.

2 months ago I woke up and the only thing I could think about was smoking - so I went downstairs, picked up my pack of cigarette's to see that there were only 2 cigarettes left in it, I was so stressed about that there were only 2 left.. I bought the pack the evening before and didn't went to a party or anything. So I had no reason to smoke excessive.

At that moment I stressed so much that I realized it was so bad already, on my age. So here is what I did.
I smoked one of the two cigarettes, and then I started looking at my last cigarette.

Watching it, analyzing it, and I said to myself, this will be the last cigarette i'll ever smoke. 

I smoked it, and halfway through I threw it away. And since that moment I quit smoking.

It was a rough day, only thinking about "ahh I can quit smoking another day" and that kind of stuff, this went on for another few days obviously.

Day 3, was actually the hardest ever - I woke up and I knew it was going to be a rough day. But I decided not to take it too heavy, I just didn't leave bed until it was like 3PM, I started some League of Legends (videogame) to stuck away my time. Making it more easy. Suddenly it was 1 AM and I opened a few beers to celebrate that i've lasted the day. At that moment I got a text message from a friend of mine, who told me that a mutal-friend of us died from an overdose of coke.

At that moment, I stood up, cried, and walked to my roommates room (knowing he was out of town) and I picked up his pack of cigarettes and took one out of it. Walking outside - feeling weak - weird and destructed. I put the cigarette in my mouth, and started to look for a lighter.

I finally found a lighter after 15 minutes of searching for one (15 minutes of questioning "is this really what you want??")

I put the ligher close to the cigarette, and asked myself, "If you smoke now, when are you QUIT FOR REAL YOU DUMBASS?"

I took the cigarette, put it back in my roommates' pack of cigarettes, walked away, closed my computer, and started sleeping.

Ever since that moment, I knew that I was done with it. If I could resist lighting a cigarette after the news I heard, I knew i'd be done with it.

I've had some very hard moments ever since, especially at parties - when your mind acts like "It wasn't that hard!!! You can quit again!" because of the alcohol. But havent even took a puff. I'm really proud of myself in that way.

So if I could give any advice to recent quitters, it'd be the following. 

If you feel down, write it down. 

Seriously pick up a pen / pencil and write it down. Hang it on the wall, or put in a drawer or just somewhere you can always  reach it. 

Because for me the hardest moments were when my mind told me "it wasn't that hard".

You need to realize that it WAS HARD AS FUCK!! especially the first weeks. Your mind tends to forget that sometimes. Whenever you think "it wasn't that hard", Look at the fucking notes!!! Look at what you've gone through already! You shouldn't quit now!

Hold on brothers and sisters! You can do this! I have faith in all of you!

Quitting comes from yourself - Be proud of yourself, post on reddit / other forums, talk with friends because of it! It's not something to take lightly, You're all amazing people!

This was my story - Sorry for being so long, I just wanted to share this.

Peace - I'm not a native speaker.




