Hobby Association

Ugh... I'm on Day 13, cold turkey method. I know a lot of people don't advocate this, and recommend the ecig route, but I'm concerned that I'll just either smoke the ecig anytime I would have smoked before (thus not really doing much for me to eliminate the habit) or that I'll actually smoke it MORE and increase my tobacco dependence, because I'm stressed out that it doesn't feel as fulfilling to me as an actual cigarette (This is true for me - they don't, I've tried them. They're okay, but not my favorite.) You know, like eating a healthy meal while trying to change your eating habits and then feeling like "Okay, now where's the food I WANT?".

Anyway, the boyfriend and I are hardcore Pokémon players. We love to drive around playing Pokémon GO!, it's how we met, it's a fantastic hobby, and we have a lot of fun with it. But today was our first day going out since quitting (we've had a really hectic and stressful couple of weeks, though we used to go daily). 

Of course, with all that driving around there used to be a lot of smoking that happened. We're quitting together, so it's good that we're supportive of each other and one person isn't smoking while the other isn't. That would be brutal, and is the main reason I decided to quit when he did (instead of waiting a little longer till I met my a specific weight loss goal I had previously set as wanting to meet before trying to quit). I figured it would be easier now with/as support, instead of later on my own and now on his own. 

Anyway, when we Pokémon GO! in the car (for those of you not familiar), unless we're gym hunting it's mainly him dealing with the Pokémon on the phones while I drive the car (multiple reasons for this, including the fact that I know the areas we're driving around in a lot better and I have better night vision than he does). Every once in awhile I'll pull over to the side of the road for something or another, but generally I'm just... driving and smoking, driving in and around the same few blocks while he fills our virtual bags up with items and such. It's efficient, but gods, without the cigarettes was it FRUSTRATING, too. I got through it, but I'm sad that something that used to be a lot of fun and an enjoyable hang out thing is now partially something stressful and kind of boring. 

