Update: Almost a month, Chantix almost killed me

So ... thought I'd give an update on myself, just in case anyone reading this is in the same boat and can benefit from reading.

In about 10 hours, it will have been four weeks since my last cigarette. I quit using Chantix, which honestly ... it made my quit "too easy." I was feeling great. About 10 days in, I was having some pretty serious quitter's flu, along with a lot of brain fog going on. 

Fast forward four more days, to my two week mark. Chaos. Hell. It. Was. Awful. I started having all of the side-effects of Chantix at once. Literally overnight, they all started. I decided to quit using Chantix, although I knew that this would make it difficult to stay a non-smoker. While I was passed the chemical addiction, and had kicked a lot of the habitual addiction, I knew that the frequent dopamine rushes that Chantix was providing would make me want to smoke. And I was right. And then it got worse, as I still had Chantix left in my system that was giving me these horrible side effects -- but also was going through Chantix withdrawal.

I ended up missing (unpaid) about six days of work over the last two weeks. One day, I had a six-hour panic attack. I was so ready to jump in the car and go buy a pack of cigarettes ... anything to calm my nerves. Anything to stop the anxiety. Thankfully, and I'm not sure how I would have managed without, but my wife was a huge help. She put up with so much of my horrible behavior that I ended up buying her an iPad, which she's wanted for a long time. 

Not only did I miss out on a ton of work which turned my usually decent paychecks into some sort of cruel joke, now I'm out a few hundred more dollars to make my wife happy. I'd say between the first month's Chantix, the second month (even though it'll go half unused), the missed work, and the iPad purchase, quitting smoking has cost me $1,800. Looking back, I probably should have just given Allen Carr's book a read.

But, I never gave in. I never let myself have one. And here I am, almost at the end of my first month, and I have no regrets. I have more energy, my focus is coming back, food tastes amazing, I can take a full breath and feel my lungs fill up with air without the need to cough after.

So, to anyone who feels like they may even have a genuine excuse to pick up a cigarette: a panic attack, the death of a loved one, financial problems ... DON'T. You'll convince yourself that it will, but it won't help, and you'll feel so much better after you resist the urge. 

TL;DR Keep resisting the urge to smoke, even if you convince yourself that you have a legitimate reason to do so. 