How I managed to quit smoking (2 years without tobacco)

To be perfectly honest I wasnt a long time smoker, probably 5 to 6 years with the habit, when I started noticing how much Cigarettes were affecting my health, and decided to quit smoking. After several failed attempts at just quitting only to bounce back smoking even more. At my lowest I was at a pack of Malboro Red a day, with no sign of being able to quit any time soon. 

Understanding that the true addiction to tobacco relies on the fact that it becomes an automatic habit is the first key to finally quit smoking. like many of the things your body does automatically (like breathing and blinking) your brain CAN take control over it, so focus on the objective of quitting, and understand it is a decision for the better, both for you and for your loved ones who wont have to keep up with you smelling like poop. 

My personal approach to quitting smoking involved reducing the quantities of smoke inhaled little by little, combined with outdoor walks and breathing deeply, but i honestly think the latter are boosts, not requirements. 

Since i was smoking 7 packs a week, my first and obvious choice was to go for 6. It doesnt sound as much, but i was also in a horrible mental state, and if you are a person who is undisciplined and has a relatively weak will (be honest to yourself) small, babysteps are the way to go. every 2 weeks i would make the effort to smoke 1 pack less, and committed myself to only buy them at my neighborhood's 7-11 equivalent on Sunday nights. Under no other circumstance i was allowed to buy Cigarettes or otherwise i felt i would go back to the habit. 

Eventually, between 2 and 1 pack a week, i found a technical problem. you see, i came to realize there are two types of Cigarettes. those you smoke purely out of habit (like the "im bored with nothing to do at home so im gonna smoke" cigarette, or the "im having a conversation at the bar so im gonna have a smoke" one), and those that, for better or for worse, give a true, pleasurable feeling, such as smoking after eating, sex, or sport. 

If you eat 3 times a day and smoke after each, thats 21 cigarettes, one more than 1 one pack, and that leaves you no cigarettes for the other pleasurable moments, so between 2 and 1 packs, the hardest choice was to properly assort when would i smoke, and which smoke was worth it. i found that, out of the 3 meals, the breakfast is the one i liked the least. i recommend you try them out, find your way. on working days, the one after lunch was indispensable, and when i was off, one before sleeping just made it all so much better. 

by removing the breakfast cigarette, i was down to 14 cigarettes a week, leaving the other 6 for what i called "celebration" smokes. those were the ones next to go. i quit smoking after sport first. it just made no sense! if youre trying to be healthy, why inhale such harmless products? it helps to underline that, by this stage i KNEW i could quit, it wasnt a matter of how, it was a matter of when. the occasional and never mentioned cigarette after toilet time was the next to go. personally, i enjoyed a LOT to sit on the throne, and have one. this one also made no sense, why smoke when you poop? habits, my friends, do horrible things.

so i ran them all down to cigarettes after food and after sex. the latter went out the window first, mainly thanks to my gf at the time, and by then i felt ready to jump to 1 cigarette a day. it felt like a giant leap. the desire for more was there, mentally, but my body was so conditioned to smoking less and less, that the one time i fell down and tried to smoke a second one, i couldnt go past the half. 

ultimately i went from 2 packs a month, to 3 packs every 2 months, to 1 pack a month. then one day, i felt ready. i knew it was gonna be difficult, i knew it was gonna be hard, but i knew it was the best for me. the day before i entered my new job, i had my last one. i made me a manly dinner, bbq, beers, and my closest friends, i didnt tell them it was a THAT special occasion (or that i had been trying to quit, for that matter), no need to be an attention hoe, but that last cigarette i payed attention to my friends, the real ones, who truly want the best out of you, who reminded me of the harms of smoking and all the other things a few months before i thought as just "blahblahblah". i didnt even finish that cigarette. threw it away, knowing it was my last one ever. 

i personally think 3 months is the right time to change a mindset and a habit. if you manage to do something or not do something for 3 months in a row, youve found that soft spot. so for the next 3 months, my lips were sealed. i even avoided second hand smoke. 3 months later, mainly out of curiosity, i saw a fellow at a party smoking the same brand, malboro red. i could say i dare you to have a cigarette after 3 months without smoking, but that would be counter productive. i inhaled once, and needless to say, i nearly vomited. in fact, if i had had 1 more beer, i would have most probably. you know cigarettes are bad for you. and so does your body. the first 3 months are the hardest, as your mind will want to go to that comfort zone in which habits and addictions are ever-present, but if you made it this far its because youre willing to go places, youre willing to make the effort to lead a better life, and to be honest, you dont want your well practiced french kissing to taste like an ashtray. 

I honestly hope this helps you out. i failed a lot, many times. i wanted to quit smoking, and i would try to do the physical effort to quit smoking, but without the mental conditioning to do so, it was impossible and i always ended up smoking more. by performing baby steps, with immediate, visible results, i was able to shake off a horrible, unhealthy, money wasting habit, and ever since every single part of my body feels so much better. and breathing clean air is so wonderful. 

Stay strong, and i hope you manage to quit too
RonTom