7 months free.. here's how I did it.

Smoked from age 17 until 24 and on December 31st, 2016 I had my last cigarette (I can call it a successful new years resolution soon !). I, like most people, attempted several times to quit but even with the help of gum, patches, and vaping I fell off the wagon a couple of days, sometimes weeks after the attempt. If you ask me, vaping actually made my nicotine dependency worse because even though I cut down, I was still smoking cigs as well. So here's what I did to quit (the short answer is cold turkey):

1. Get motivation: There are many many reasons to quit and I made sure to know these reasons and what would motivate me when I quit. Personally, my motivation came from my gf complaining about my wheezing (Scary to hear that, especially in your early 20s).
2. Set a quit date: I made it known I would quit right after graduating from college. Its important to anticipate the stress that quitting will put you through so pick a week that you know won't filled with stress factors.
3. Got rid of all smoking-related accessories: lighters, ashtrays, even my vape.
4. The night before quit day, had my last smoke and got rid of any others remaining. I have this app "quit it" and set the timer to begin as soon as I put it out.
5. Woke up and fought every.single.craving.: They are frequent, they are nasty, they are consuming. My gf and I went shopping and I just remember everything being awful. The reassurance I kept giving myself was that even though it felt like it, I knew the withdraw wouldn't kill me.
6. Found a new hobby: I joined the local gym and started going practically every day. If you're able to, I'd recommend this over everything else. As crappy as I felt, running and/or lifting were the only things that gave me the much-needed temporary escape from the withdraw symptoms. (As a plus, I was 5'10" 195lb when I began and am now 170).
7. Reward yourself: The app I previously mentioned tells me how much I saved but even without it, it is very noticeable how much you're saving. Especially during that first week, get that extra cup of coffee, ice cream, whatever have you, treat yourself.
8. Never give up: Never give up, not even one puff. When you're done smoking, you're really done. It took me a very long time to get over the urges but they will pass. I still get them to this day but they're laughable at best.

Just trying to pay it forward, I hope this can help someone. Lastly, Good luck! :)