An effective (although admittedly superficial) incentive to never smoke again

I'm just about to begin day 63 smoke free after a 28 year pack-a-day habit. I could list some of the health benefits that I've noticed so far, the usual stuff you hear, like, how I rarely get winded anymore after exerting myself, how I have more stamina when I do cardio exercise, how I feel more well rested when I sleep, etc. Blah blah blah.

I'm not gonna lie. All of the above listed reasons (and more) have been surprising and amazing and well worth it. One side effect of stopping smoking has been the effect on my skin. After less than a month of not smoking, I began to notice that the lines under my eyes and wrinkles on my neck were becoming noticeably less dark. I thought these changes were far too subtle for anyone else to notice, but, as someone who's pathetically self-conscious about his appearance, this still made me happy as I have to look at my face every day in the mirror, so any change for the better that I have to look at is worth it. No one else might notice this, but I do, so it's worth it. 

I've noticed I'm getting approached by strangers more often than I was as a smoker... and then I had two separate incidences this weekend which I consider to be potent inspiration...

First, while out and about, I was invited to join a table with a group of people who were celebrating a birthday. The birthday boy began telling me how he had big plans for his birthday weekend because he was turning the big five-oh and then said, "You would have no idea what that's like because fifty is a long ways off for you. How old are you? Like, 29?"  


In a second separate and unrelated experience, a random stranger began flirting with me and asked, "So... would you even consider dating someone who was considerably older than you?" I replied, "Yeah, sure. I suppose it all depended on how much older they were. How old are you?" He answered, "48."  


For the record, I will turn 48 in four months.

Being a non-smoker is totally worth it for exchanges like that.