So I'm not smoking anymore...

I hesitate to say things like, "I quit smoking," or "I'm trying to quit smoking," cos I feel like those are sentences that suggest I'm setting a goal for myself and any relapse will feel like a failure on my part. So I'm just not smoking anymore. If I happen to have a smoke in a moment of weakness, then that's all it will be: a moment of weakness, nothing more, nothing less.

I began smoking when I was 20. I'm turning 48 this year. So I've been a smoker for more years of my life than I've been a non\-smoker. I'm modestly fit and exercise relatively regularly, so it was both a surprise and a shock when I suffered a heart attack a little over three weeks ago. Smoking likely didn't cause the attack, but it certainly didn't help, that's for sure. Needless to say, I got my share of lectures about smoking from everyone at the hospital \(but let's face it, I would've gotten the same lectures about smoking had I gone in with a broken ankle\).

I didn't actually intend to quit after. I've always enjoyed smoking. I considered possibly cutting down, but mostly I was going to focus on adjusting my diet and maybe exercising more. However, one of the \(fortunate?\) side effects of the medication I'm taking is that it makes smoking and the smell of cigarettes unpleasant. For the first week and a half, I would still have the the urge to smoke, while actually smoking was not enjoyable whatsoever.  Without the intention to quit, I had cut down to less than half a pack per day and, even when I was smoking, I was no longer inhaling. The urge to smoke was still at a 10, but the desire to smoke once the cigarette was lit was at zero. As each day passed, I found myself smoking less and less, and was only smoking essentially because it's what I've always done.

Smoking was simply becoming less and less enjoyable with each passing day, so ten days ago I made the decision to dust off the vape pen to deal with cravings and leave my remaining cigarettes in the freezer. I'm not a big fan of the vape, but it's definitely helping with the "habit" part of smoking. Within the past ten days, I had one cigarette late last Saturday night after an evening of drinking, and, honestly, I didn't enjoy it in the slightest, so it didn't even feel like a relapse. \(Again, I wasn't inhaling, and I didn't even smoke the entire thing\). After this short period of time, I've already become one of those obnoxious ex\-smokers who finds the smell of others' secondhand smoke unpleasant.

I'm curious to know if there is anyone here in the same or similar situation as myself. So far, it's been easy for me, but I'm worried that it's been "too" easy. Should I expect any unforeseen challenges or a surprise return of the cravings? Have I survived through the period of "smokers flu" or is that something that might still happen? How soon might I experience any noticeable improvements in circulation and/or lung capacity? \(That's definitely of interest to me as I ride my bicycle ten to fifteen miles per day or more, so the thought of those rides becoming increasingly easier is definitely appealing to me\).

I've yet to decide if I'll eventually ween myself off of the vape pen entirely, or simply lower the dosages of nicotine in the fluid. I'm playing that part by ear since, as I stated above, I really had no intention of becoming a non\-smoker. It just kind of happened.

TL;DR: Had a heart attack. Meds made smoking unpleasant. Switched to vaping. Any advice?