If you need motivation to quit, learn from my Dad's story...

If you ask yourself why you should quit smoking, let me share with you my dad's story.

My dad was easily the smartest, most rational person in any room.  He was charismatic, stubborn, honest, tough, fair and compassionate. His laugh was infectious. He could smell a lie like a fart in a car.  He was his own person, never followed the crowd - they followed him.

He smoked for well over 50 years, up to 2 or 3 packs a day.  He loved smoking.  He said nothing was better than the satisfaction of lighting up a smoke.

He quit in January 2017 but the urge never left and he started smoking again 8 months later.  I tried to get him into vaping, but he said he felt silly. I remember him lighting up a smoke and saying,  "these things will kill me one day."  I wish he'd been able to see what was coming, if that would've changed his mind.

Last November, he started to have bad back pain.  After a few weeks, the pain was so bad, he went to the ER.  They found a tumor on his spine that grew so big, it fractured a vertebrae.  The tumor had spread from his lung and also affected his liver.  He had surgery to fix the vertebrae just before Christmas, but they couldn't remove the tumor due to the risk of damage to the spinal cord.

Just after New Years, he had a round of radiation, then 5 months of chemo, which didn't reduce the cancer, but it didn't spread.  They gave him the option of skipping chemo for 2 months to see if it got worse, and that's what he opted to do.

In June, they found a spot on his brain.  The cancer was spreading.  Over the next few weeks, after much deliberation, he decided to end treatment.  

3 weeks ago, he lost his voice entirely and breathing became more and more difficult.  2 weeks ago he went into Respite Care for what was supposed to be a 5 day stay in the hospital to "straighten out his meds." He was agitated, confused, restless.  He was rude and short with people, became a completely different person. He gasped for air like a fish out of water, but still asked to go have a smoke.  

This afternoon, he passed away.  He was 2 months shy of his 70th birthday.

I'm posting this from the Reddit account we made for him a few weeks ago. He never got a chance to use it, other than browsing a few threads here and there.

So, goodbye Dad.  I miss you, your voice, your wit, and your laugh and the way you'd talk out of the side of your mouth when you were irritated.  I hope you're out there somewhere, at peace and enjoying your afterlife.  We will be okay, the grief will fade but your memory will live on.  You taught me so much, you left an indelible mark on my heart and life will never be the same without you and I pray we meet again someday.  I love you.

- Your daughter (who also quit smoking and as hard as it was, I'm glad I did)
