Back and Forth and Tried to Quit approximately 200000000 times. Now on my final day 2.

I hate typing this so incredibly much. 

I started smoking around my 16th birthday. I am now 41. That is 25 years. So dark. 

I first quit maybe six months after I started. Then I quit again and again and again and again and again. I did patches. I got between a month and six months many times. I smoked only when I drank. I did the gum. I would set aside a week for cold turkey withdrawal hell which always felt to me like a mild acid trip - so intense was the emotional disruption. The gum was a saving grace. 2mg fruit flavoured nicolette. I chewed tons of it and eventually got mostly hooked on that, a small improvement in that at least nicotine by itself is far less damaging than tar and additives. Four years ago, I fully quite and stayed quit for some time before then going back and forth with it. Now, after the hardest, ugliest year of my entire life, I’ve drawn a line in the sand, following my commitment to total abstinence from alcohol (now at a meagre 45 days but deeply convinced this is forever.) 

I had wanted to quit a few weeks ago but figured I’d wait until NYE. So I smoked my last real cigarette at about 11:30 pm. I bought a cheap vape at the gas station and have been using it to keep the major withdrawal symptoms in check. My goal is to nix that around the 30th of this month, hopefully tapering off it in advance. But I’d rather vape for a longer time than ever go back to smokes. So I am counting the 1st (yesterday) as my official day one. 

I worry all the time about cancer. I hate it. I have a 3 yo child and I desperately want to live to 100 and get to see him become a man himself. So I try to focus on a few small good markers: 1) I’ve always eaten extremely well most of the time - huge amounts of fruits and vegetables and so lots and lots of antioxidants, 2) thanks to quitting for long periods of time, I did, during those periods, probably heal (and clean out) my lungs to a certain extent along the way, 3) for *most* people, quitting by 40 prevents major disease (obviously others get sick and have very bad luck), etc. 

Oh well, all I can do now is stay clean and hope. Thankfully, my lungs still feel pretty strong and, so long as I am not currently smoking, I never get too winded. 

Nice to meet you all and good luck in 2017.