the Brain Fog

Every day is a struggle to quit smoking. I'm obsessed with the desire to quit. My dad got melanoma in his mid-thirties and died at 50. I imagine my kid growing up without a mom with every puff. 

I started smoking when I was thirty. They changed these adhd meds I was taking at the time I became a pack a day smoker over night. That lasted for a year and I quit for three years on the easy way. 

Relapsed suddenly for a few months on a few a day and quit again on the easy way and Wellbutrin for another three years. 

Then I had my daughter and suffered really bad post partum depression - started smoking about six months after she was born and since then I've been in a state of non-stop short-lived quits using various methods. I will be forty in December.

I smoke on average 3-4 cigs a day - that can mean 12 one day, none the next but usually all I can handle is 2 or 3. I'm allergic to cigarettes - if I smoke over two a day I have trouble breathing and I get a sore throat. I hate cigarettes with a passion. When I do manage to quit I make it a few days, a week, maybe a little longer if I'm lucky then I'm back, then within a day or two I'm gearing up to quit, and I manage to for another few days.

I've quit so many times it's like I'm in a permanent state of quitting and relapsing. 

The worse part - and this is what I wish I could find some sort of resolution to - is not the cravings - it is the brain fog. Within two days of no cigarettes I feel like I'm on heavy duty tranquilizers. I sleep all day. That's fine, but even after a week or more it doesn't seem to get better.

As most people, I have to work. And being self employed in entertainment with a small child - i have to come up with ideas and be on point. This is my biggest trigger - getting my brain to work.  I've tried coffee, I've tried Wellbutrin - nothing works like nicotine.  In production I'll have two patches on and still be smoking. 

Here are all the bad things cigarettes do to me: anxiety attacks, lowered immunity, wrinkles, acne, sore throat, depression, joylessness, difficulty breathing, exhaustion, suicidal thoughts, stained teeth, and the list goes on...

Every moment is filled with the hope I can quit. That I can be freed of this horrible addiction... as I think about lighting up - like somehow the two are not related. 

I wish I could run away and live in a cave and sleep for a month until I woke up and no longer wanted a cigarette.

I know it sounds stupid - I smoke maybe a pack a week - some people would think that was great - but it is torture. 

I don't really drink and never had an addictive personality when it came to other substances - I never liked feeling under the influence - but my current nicotine dependence is insane.

This is quite a rant - any ideas? I'm open to almost anything at this point. I've thought of tattooing all the reasons I quit smoking on my hands so two days later I won't forget.