10 days without a cigarette...

Alright so ten days ago I (25M) stopped smoking. I seriously underestimated how hard this was going to be. I was in the vaccinity of between 2-3 packs a week for easily the last 3 years. I've been using the patch for the first week, however because I have to leave to commute to trade school very early I've forgotten to slap one on the last two days.  During the first week or so I would describe myself as irritable, however the last two days I have been so irrationally mad at anything in particular I'm almost driven to tears. I have to patch up as soon as I get back home from school so I don't accident kill my roommates. I start talking myself into hypothetical arguments that I literally get angry at. I also can't sleep at all, hence why I'm writing this at 3:45am. Should I just drop the patch completely and go through the inevitable nicotine withdrawal? Just to get our over with? I'm honestly a little scared to. 

That's my only question really, however sleep isn't happening so I hope you don't mind that I vent a little. 

It has not helped that my girlfriend (21, who has been trying to get me to quit for ages) is currently too busy with school and her dance team to get together. I don't think she really knows what kind of shit I'm going through at the moment and how much I need her right now. Combine this with my not-so-great mood I have to put conscious effort into making sure all my texts to my her  are appropriate and void of me being a dick. I realize that she has a valid reason for being MIA but all I want to do is lose it on her for leaving me in my misery. I don't want to add to her already full plate either so I try to stick with 'how was your day dear' as opposed to 'hey get the flying fuck over here so I can cry in your lap and hopefully feel better'. I'm sure she's probably stressed herself with school and her dance team (30 late-teen girls are drama sponges). 

On the brighter side I really don't have an urge to smoke much anymore. And I've been working out daily which helps the moods. 

Good luck to everyone who's fighting the good fight. 

Oh and this is my first post on reddit. So yeah. Go me.