My friend and roommate quit smoking about 6 months ago but I need help. He won't stop coughing.

He is 26 and smoked a pack a day or more for 6 years until he coughed up part of his lung and that day decided, it's time.

He switched to e-cigs - which has helped him a lot, for all the reasons you all know. Doesn't smell bad, isn't always craving one, isn't going outside during events just to smoke, can smell and taste better, has more disposable income, more lung capacity etc etc.

Now, he is with his e-cig 100% of the time. Always, always, ALWAYS puffing on it - no matter what. This isn't *so* much of a big deal, but I'm sure it isn't 100% great for his lungs.

However, he still smokes weed, and in bad ways - pipes and such, not vaping it. When he does he often has massive coughing fits, and wakes his GF (other roommate) many times in the night with his coughing. This is perpetuated by the fact that he works in a weed dispensary. 

I have brought this up with him before, telling him the ONLY way he will stop coughing is by stopping putting burning fucking particles in his lungs. But his rebuttal is "I feel so much better and cough so much less after quitting cigs this is nothing man. I'm getting better and man, you should've heard me cough when I was smoking cigs! This is nothing!" aka complacent bullshit answers. Sadly, his girlfriend passes him pipes and such all the time, not helping him or encouraging him. SHE quit smoking cigs and does not use an e-cig - smokes weed like him but not CONSTANTLY pulling an e-cig means she doesn't cough more than an average weed smoker.


I'd like advice from yall as you probably have experienced something similar. Obviousy, he likes the burn and oral fixation from smoking so he continues to smoke weed in this fashion. I get that. But it is starting to effect me, as it is frustrating, annoying, and honestly worries me that he coughs until he is hacking in the bathroom to himself sometimes.


What can I do to motivate him to listen to my advice? He's a typical stubborn, over-internet-using, thinks he can google every problem, spends too much time on reddit techy-nerd who does NOT like being wrong and is strongly opinionated. But he is lazy and an idiot when it comes to his health, for sure. Not fat, just a bit overweight and has never worked out a day in his life.


I workout and try to invite him to come with me and my friend to the gym but he makes excuses.


Any advice would be greatly helpful. Thanks guys. Hope this is the right subreddit.