I started smoking on my first OEF deployment in October 2001. Raised in a household of indoor smokers and after a solid 12 years of my own pack a day smoking with multiple hopeless attempts at quitting, I quit cold turkey one year ago today.

I smoked a lot of cigarettes in my day...  My addiction was as bad as I expect many pack a day smokers.  

When people would ask me when I was going to quit smoking I would laugh and tell them I would never ever quit because I *loved* smoking!!

I have been poor enough at times to smoke cigarette butts.  I felt no shame.  Fuck it.  I needed a smoke.

When I tried to quit, 2 hours was a milestone.  I tried to use an icy frozen night one year to smash up a pack and make myself not smoke the rest of the night because the roads were way too unsafe to drive on.  I walked 2 miles to 7-eleven at 2 in the morning.  I definitely did not regret it.  

I tried patches, I tried gums.  I spared no expense on some high quality torpedo fucking e-cig thing that was cool and all...  But I still smoked on the side. Shit.

It didn't really matter to me.  I can swim and run pretty far.  I'm active.  It was stealing my breathe but I was probably the only one that realized how much and I just worked harder to try and maintain certain physical standards.

I just didn't have the motivation... Even the health risks, well aware as I am, were not enough of a deterrent.

I had been reading this sub for a little while when something must have inspired me and a light bulb went off.  I couldn't believe so many people out there have been able to quit cold turkey, and yet I couldn't...  I almost found it offensive to my self-perception of my mental fortitude.  That was it.  365 days ago at 8pm est.  The only people I told were the few who asked.  One of them is a good friend and a smoker.  When I told him what I'm telling you guys, he said well shit if you can I can and he sure as shit has.  I don't even consider myself an ex-smoker really.  I'm just a non-smoker.  I have zero temptation to go back to smoking cigarettes.

So thanks to all the quitters out there... Maybe there is someone you know that quit smoking cold turkey.  You can do that... You are at least as mentally strong as them, right?  I'd give you pretty good odds.

Cheers!