Just quit and found this community

Today is Day 3 of curbing my habit. On Tuesday night I was sitting in my car about to hit the road after a long day at work. I'd been thinking of quitting every single day, every single time I lit up a cigarette, for about 3 or 4 months. I felt ashamed at myself every single time I lit one up. I have managed to quit before, for about 6 months a few years ago, but my habit had come back stronger than full force and quitting seemed a little more impossible. I know I have an addictive personality, and literally *everybody* I know/work with/hang out with smokes; so it just makes it that much harder. Within the past few years I've fluctuated from 3-4 cigs/day, to a pack/day, until 3 days ago when I was smoking around 7/day.

Anyway...sitting in my car after work; I glanced over at my cigs a few times, almost like I could tell they were glancing back. I thought to myself, like I have been for a while now, "If I don't quit now, I'm going to develop *some* kind of disease, and die when I'm in my 40s. And the worst part is that it would have all been preventable. I don't want my parents to outlive me. My dad already abhors the fact that I'm a slave to these awful cancer-sticks, and I couldn't bear to see the look on his face when I eventually have to tell him that I'm dying because of my own stubbornness."

I had actually just bought a pack before work, and had only smoked about 2 or 3. I made the decision right then and there: I was going to have one more cigarette on my drive home from work, wake up the next day, go to CVS, get some nicotine gum, and finally cease being a slave to something that *is* going to end up killing me. My final cigarette wasn't as glorious or as satisfying as I had wished, but fuck it! Cigarette addiction is *not* glorious or satisfying! It was in the beginning, when it seemed innocent. When you thought to yourself, "That's ok. I'll just smoke this pack and then I won't have one again for a couple weeks." If only it were that easy.

So I am now 3 days into quitting, even though I still have yet to kick nicotine for good; *at least* I've kicked the carcinogens and the rest of the deadly toxins that come along with cigarette smoke. I was off work Wednesday and am off work today, but worked yesterday; and working is by far the hardest environment to be in whilst trying to quit. My company virtually encourages you to smoke by giving employees bi-hourly smoke breaks. Almost everyone there (at least every person at work that I really get along with) smokes. Yesterday, it was difficult for me to watch people take their smoke breaks, but I did my best to put it out of my mind. I chewed my gum, and actually thought about buying Skoal pouches although I decided against that.

I feel like this past decade, I have literally trained my mind/brain to be addicted to *something*. I have not known what it is like to go without *some* substance for an extended period of time since I was about 14. Recently I've been thinking about it, and it really is staggering: Cigarettes, weed, alcohol, caffeine (coffee/energy drinks), and occasionally some other drugs. Here's the kicker, and those of you who have read this far deserve one; a few years ago I developed an oxy habit, which turned into a heroin habit, which is now maintained by a small dose of suboxone daily. I *did* say I have an addictive personality, which is why I've been so discouraged to quit in the past. But I gotta take it one step at a time; and I feel that cigarettes are killing me the fastest at this point. I do have faith that one day I will be completely clean of everything (although I feel that I'm not overly dependent on caffeine and alcohol), but for now I am ridding myself of cigarettes. 

Thank you for taking the time to read my ramblings. I really feel that typing and "talking" to others on Reddit does ease some of the pain and anxiety. At this point, I really have no intention of going back. I really do feel like I want a cigarette, but I *know* I shouldn't and can't. The easiest part of quitting anything is the knowledge that you have gone x days without it; and the further you go, the easier it gets. I feel accomplished at only 3 days, so I can only imagine what I'll be thinking at 7, or 14, or 28, or a whole year! And I've been through substance withdrawal plenty of times to know that rewarding yourself with said substance after prolonged abstinence is *not* proper. Quitting is definitely easier when you have a legitimate substitute (for now I have the gum), but I do realize that I will soon need to learn to live without a crutch, and to be reliant on my body's own chemistry.