Finally got my head back on straight- day 3 cold turkey

I’ve smoked off and on for almost 30 years now. Longest quit was about 3 years. Over the past 10 years, I’ve probably smoked for 3-4 of those years total.

Had quit on Jan 1st 2017 up until around June when I started hanging around a family member who smoked and I bummed smokes from them when they were around.

July 2017 my father becomes seriously ill and passes away from a heart attack brought on by acute leukemia. I start smoking a pack a day again. The looks I would get from the nurses and doctors on the cancer ward at the hospital when visiting him should have shamed me into quitting then but it didn’t.

My mom has a stroke the next month. Repeat hospital visits and side glances from medical staff when they can smell the cigarettes on me. Again, I rationalize the addiction because “I’m so stressed” or “I like smoking” and keep on doing it with whimsical half hearted attempts to quit that would last for a day or so. I hide the fact that I smoke at work and will drive offsite at lunch to go have a cigarette in the middle of the day. 

Husband and son have a cough for months. I don’t smoke in the house but in the garage and in my car (when alone but still). I continue to feel guilty and stupid but keep it up.

Finally, my mother has to have surgery this past week. Back in the hospital again. She keeps begging me to quit. Drs and nurses keep bringing up how bad smoking is around me as even though I have attempted to cover up the smell with perfume and breath mints I’m sure I still reeked of it.

On the way home from the hospital in the car with one of my daughters when I have to pull over and park at a gas station so I can get out and have a cigarette. She asks me why I don’t just quit already. I am ashamed. 

I finish the last cigarette in my pack later that night. Commit to not getting anymore that night. Same thing the next day and the next.

I don’t want to go back to smoking. There’s absolutely no positives to doing so and nothing but negative consequences for not only me but my family. It’s stupid and selfish.

I can do this because I have to.

