03-07-13 Is the big day.  I am anxious about it, but I have a plan.

I started in this subreddit a while ago when I originally started to quit... But I failed... But this time I have a very strong plan I think!

1) I am going to use Chantix, but as an aide, not as a crux.

2) I am going to stop drinking unless I am with people that I do not want to know I smoke.  With this said if I think I can slip away without people asking why I slipped away, I will not be drinking.  I will say that I have a headache and don't want to drink on asprin or something.

3) I am going to remind myself daily that I want to buy a car.  Smoking will make that a VERY difficult idea, and possibly impossible because I have found that the more expendable income I have, the more I smoke.

4) I am going to let my friends know I am quitting, and encouraging full on shaming.  This has been very effective in the past, and once I quit cold turkey just because I told people I was going to quit over a semester break, and didn't want to be known as the guy that failed.

5)  I am going to remind myself daily that I sound better (voice) when I do not smoke, the battle for white teeth isn't a battle if I quit, I will be able to run for longer periods of time, have more energy, and feel accomplished.  I have done a lot of really good stuff lately, its about time I feel accomplished.

6) I will remind myself daily that I have two kids.  These two kids will grow up to smoke just like I did if they have any memory of me smoking.  I may be too late for my oldest (4 yrs old), but I am not for my youngest.  I can hope I am not too late at all, but at the very least I can save the youngest.

7) I will remind myself daily that smoking ages people like a mother fucker.  I don't think I look half bad, why fuck with that?

8) Being back into the dating world, I know no one likes licking ash trash, why would they want to make out with what?  I must remember that!

9) I will buy gum daily.  I have been starting a conditioning where I smoke and then I chew gum.  The hope is after I chew gum I will have mentally conditioned myself to feel the same relief from anxiety.

10) Saturday and Sunday I am going to shut myself in my room for the most part.  I will let myself detox off nicotine without feeling social anxiety around even small groups of people.

11)  Which reminds me, once I get off nicotine, I will go back to never feeling social anxiety...  Or spontaneous hate for other drivers on the road by withdrawls. (I wouldn't call it road rage, but I did have a little episode when I was withdrawing one day from not smoking for a few hours where I got really uncomfortable on the road, and didn't feel safe.  The reality was it was just social anxiety... In a car.)

11)  I will use a smoking app to track my progress, and monitor it often.

12)  And utmost, I am better than cigarettes.  I should have never started.

Where you can come in if you want to help?  If you don't know me message me as often as you can asking for my progress.  I won't lie to you.  Shame the hell out of me if I slip. If you do know me, but didn't know prior to submission that I smoked, don't tell me.  It will the strongest discouragement for me from even consider smoking around you, since I have the opportunity to be a non-smoker.  For people I have been recently meeting I have been withdrawing through hanging out with them since I stop smoking before meeting them, and don't smoke until after leaving.

Edit:

13) I am quitting with /u/positive_scripting

14) No more ash in my vehicle.

15)  I won't smell like smoke.

Anyone else want to join us?

Edit Edit:

16) I will work out regularly. (Monday, Wednesday, and Friday).  The added workout will decrease my overall anxiety, as well as my withdrawl induced anxiety.  (I am not normally extremely anxious, but I do get anxious.)  Additionally the extra sweat will serve to help detox me.

17) I will read more, one more thing to distract me.

18) I will practice my guitar more, one more thing to distract me.

Edit Edit Edit:

19) I will be more available at work to be more efficient.