Quitting smoking is easy, I have done it so many times.

This is a post I've published on my blog, url at the end.

I have an addictive personality. That's a fact. Whether it's World of Warcraft, sport, photography or more serious crap, when I find something I like, I dive fully into it. Some of you might not know this, but I've been smoking cigarettes for almost a decade. And I'm not talking about some casual smoking. No, I'm talking about burning something between a nice car and trip around the world. Pack a day (at least), every day. Yet it has been 20 months since I've smoked the last one. This is how I quit.

First things first - you actually have to want to quit. I don't know anyone that quit while saying "I just love to smoke". No, I don't believe it can work that way, perhaps for few weeks or months, but not permanently. I hit that attitude of having enough few years before I actually quit. There are many ways to quit smoking and many things that can help you doing so. I think I went through all of them.

Just to point it out - whatever worked for me, doesn't mean it will work for anyone else. It's not "THE METHOD", it's just my experiences.

Low nicotine cigarettes
There are R1 cigarettes (not posting links to that here) available with nicotine level around 1/10th of regular one. It really sounds great. I will have less nicotine, I won't be addicted, I will quit while smoking. Damn, so wrong.

One thing to know is that there is a limit of how much can you smoke per day and it's connected to nicotine poisoning. At some point your organism just won't accept any more and you will eventually throw up.

Not the case with R1 - you can smoke as many as you want without side effect. This, plus my conviction that smoking is a mental addiction, not physical, renders these smokes ineffective.

Nicotine chewing gums
Never tried them, but my mother (much heavier smoker than me) quit using them more than 20 years ago and never came back. Proud of her, btw ;).

Nicotine patches
Very effective in my opinion. But, contrary to general opinion, they great power lays in nicotine overload. You stick a patch in the morning, and get with your life. Smoke one, smoke another, smoke another, and then puke. Yep, you are physically unable to smoke. If you keep wearing patches long after your last cigarette, you are doing it right. Otherwise, since you are still dependent on nicotine, you might relapse.

Also, remember what I've said about R1 - yep, you can smoke them while having patch without any side effect.

Bioresonance
Apparently it's supposed to tune your organism and make it magically free of the addiction. Been there, done that. Bullshit. I don't know anyone that did quit just on that.

Cytisine
Now that's the beauty that noone is talking about. Cheap, effective, not addictive. It is a compound that blocks the same receptors as nicotine. you take the pill (as far as I remember, 6 per day) and you just don't feel the need for smoke. You can still try, but with the same effect as nicotine overload. That was the best for me and I found it very easy to quit. I've relapsed due to other circumstances (I blame many people around me still smoking, when I was freshly off the hook). Yet if you want to quit - try this first. Just a heads up - it is prescription only, so you need to ask a doctor for that.

How I quit for good?
I moved to London with strong feeling of having enough. This, combined with much higher cost of smoking here, made me stop only few days after arriving (popped few Cytisine tablets). Nobody was smoking in the company, so there was no temptation. It happened fast and it was very easy in the end. I never wanted to smoke again.

Today, 20 months later (to the day!) I can say, that I'm free!

Original post here: http://50bpm.com/quitting-smoking-is-easy-i-have-done-it-so-many-times