Motivation in a cup

I have Allen Carr's book on Kindle. One of the handy things I've found with it is when you need some quick resolve, you can click on "Popular Highlights" and all kinds of powerful little goodies pop up. If you dont have it, I heartily recommend it, very helpful. For those of you with the print version, here's what comes up when you do it; comes in handy when you need a "quick fix":

the only ‘enjoyment’ a smoker gets from a cigarette is temporary relief from the discomfort created by the previous one.

The whole business of smoking is like forcing yourself to wear tight shoes just to get the pleasure of taking them off.

The main reason that smokers find it difficult to quit is that they believe that they are giving up a genuine pleasure or crutch. It is absolutely essential to understand that there is nothing to ‘give up’.

Eight hours after putting out a cigarette, you are 97% nicotine-free. After just three days of not smoking, you are 100% nicotine-free.

Get it clear in your mind: Cigarettes don’t relieve stress; they create it. Cigarettes don’t help you to calm down and relax; they cause you to be panicky and agitated. One of the most wonderful things about breaking free from this awful drug is the return of your courage, confidence and self-esteem.

Get it clear in your mind: CIGARETTES DO NOT FILL A VOID. THEY CREATE ONE!

Just for a moment take your head out of the sand and ask yourself, if you knew for certain that your next cigarette would be the one that triggered off the cancer in your body, whether you would actually smoke it.

Whenever you think about smoking you must see it as a lifetime’s chain of filth, disease, fear, misery and slavery.

Don’t focus on the pang, but on what it represents—the death not of a friend, but of a terrible enemy. One that enslaved you for years and stole your health, your money, your self-respect, your courage and confidence, all the time trying to kill you.

SAVOR EACH THOUGHT AND EACH MOMENT. REMIND YOURSELF HOW WONDERFUL IT IS TO BE FREE ONCE AGAIN AND CELEBRATE THE PURE JOY OF NO LONGER BEING A PRISONER, A SLAVE AND AN ADDICT.