Is it possible to feel nicotine withdrawal after smoking just 2 cigarettes per day for the past 10 years?

I consider myself a marijuana smoker. Not a cigarette smoker.

Sure I'll have 4 or 5 cigarettes if I'm out drinking heavily at a bar (like every 2-3 weeks). But I'll never smoke a cigarette just for the hell of it. Ever. I don't even buy packs of smokes, just loose tobacco to put in my joints.

The only tobacco I ever smoke regularly is rolled into marijuana cigarettes because I find it makes the marijuana taste better and burn more evenly.

I only smoke about 4-5 very small (single paper) marijuana cigarettes every night to help me relax and sleep. I assume that the 4 or 5 joints contain on average approximately 2 regular sized cigarettes worth of tobacco in total. They are smoked without a filter, however. Perhaps that increases the potency of the nicotine in the tobacco? I am not a scientist :S

Recently I got into vaporizing my marijuana, and I was told that vaporizing the tobacco along with marijuana can be deadly so I only vaporize marijuana now.

Can you see where this is going?

Basically I have been smoking 2 cigarettes per day for the past 10 years in the form of  loose tobacco added to marijuana cigarettes and just recently I stopped doing that entirely... I only vaporize my marijuana now. It works great!

That is... until about 24-36 hours after I stopped my regular nightly tobacco-laden joints... I start getting these wicked headaches... (and I never get headaches) which have persisted for what seems like days now.

I have no energy, I can't think, I'm eating like crazy, gaining weight, I'm irritable, yadda, yadda, yadda... I have what seems to be every indication of going through nicotine withdrawal.

**But that's crazy! Because "I'm not a smoker!". And even if I was, I only smoked ~2 cigarettes per day.**

So right now I am scratching my head between wondering if maybe the vaporizer I am using is too cheap and perhaps I am ingesting some weird plastic vapor residue coming from the vaporizer or something... (Again, not a scientist... the vapor coming from the vaporizer tastes and smells perfectly clean afaik though.)

OR... I'm actually suffering nicotine withdrawal and was naive enough to think that 2 cigarettes per day was "not smoking".

**tl;dr Is it possible to feel nicotine withdrawal after smoking just 2 cigarettes per day for the past 10 years?**

Thanks for reading.