I Feel so Good, I Feel Alive Again

First of all, sorry for my english, it is not my primary language.

I'm 22 years old. Been smoking for 6 years. I'm young, and since I started, I was telling myself "it's my last pack of cigarettes". But it was not true, cause  I was always buying a pack the day after. And then, 6 years later I found myself saying the same thing. I realised that time goes so fast, and I started to imagine what 6 years of smoking did to my body.

At the end, I was smoking 15-20 cigarettes per day. Smoking took control of my life. I was always searching for opportunities to smoke.

To be honest, I liked smoking so much but I was feeling like shit while doing so and I knew it was lame.

Recently, I decided it was time for me to stop, cause I know that the longer you smoke, the harder it is to stop. I wanted to take control of my life, and I didn't want to live with a dependence.

First 2 days of smoke free, I was so nervous. I didn't sleep at all for the first 2 nights. I'm lucky to have good friends who understand my struggle, cause I was not myself. I was angry all the time. My friends supported me, and that helped me a lot. 

After the 2 first days, it was still difficult, but easier cause I was saying to myself "if you smoke, you will have to go through the 2 firsts days again, and you don't want that, cause it was the longest 48hours of your life"

Now, after 8 days, I just feel good. Everytime I have a temptation and I resist, it's an accomplishment. I had couple of drinks last night, and I was still able to resist the temptations. I took control of my life.

I'm so proud of myself because I know that it is over for good, and starting to smoke was the worst mistake of my life. I know I was young and stupid when I started, but now I'm 22 years old, and I want to live an healthy life.

Thanks guys, I read all your posts and because of that I don't feel alone. We all can do it, we just always have to remember that it is possible, and it's for the best. 

"You only fail when you stop trying to quit"




