Been battling the habit for over 5 years now, and am finally there!

Hey r/stopsmoking,
So I became a smoker at around 20yo during my time at college. I found cigarettes to be an amazingly enjoyable, social activity (I was a stereotypical party-er/bar-goer) and enjoyed them with friends and strangers alike the entire time.

My problems began with smoking the first year out of college, living by myself in a new city. It was Autumn when I moved there, so everything was going great, but as winter came things drastically changed. I would be out in the freezing cold, be it raining or just at freezing temperatures (or most likely both), by myself next to our apartment's dumpster. It was here that I began to despise cigarettes, but in no way could I pull myself away from them.

So the battle began to rage on, yet still my smoking was between 10 a day (my worst) or 5 a day (my least), all the while having negative self talk every time I did it - mind you though, this was only at times by myself as whenever I would go out for a night and do anything involving alcohol, even just two drinks after work, my habit would be front and center and I could care less.

Well, time moves on and years go by (surprising fast) and I finally discovered this subreddit. If I knew how to change my badge I would but I asked for a badge the first time I came here and never put the effort forward to fix it (If you read this and have the power to change it, I'd be very happy!). I did though read this page every day to get attitude support, positive reinforcement, and news on the negative aspects of smoke. In time, over the course os this last year in which 

Although I smoked occasionally, I fought hard and long and won this battle. It started in January 2013 when I finally began the mental obstacle course for the change required to conquer it. I would find myself buying a pack, and then immediately after getting home and smoking one I would feel disgusted with myself and what I was doing and pour water on the pack and throw it away (expensive, I know, but it's the only act I knew to demean those fucking death sticks!). Sure, I had my triggers such as post-workout (however contradictory that sounds), with my morning coffee, after a good meal, and eventually alcohol which was the hardest of all.

In time, I was able to get myself down to just two a day, and then finally one a day, and eventually just 1 at random times when I'd have two drinks with my roommate and beg him to give me one of the Nat Sherman rainbow ones he keeps for special occasions. Well, now as of October 25th I haven't smoked a single one and haven't had a trigger at all even when I'm out drinking, or even just A drink anymore. The funniest thing I find though, is that after I walk by someone smoking a nice cigarette, I breathe it in and truly enjoy the smell yet am able to think to myself, "mmmmm, nice! Although fuck those things, so happy I'm over them!"

So a big thanks to this community, and all the love/support to those of you that tune in to fight this habit. I am proud to say that I now personally know it's doable, it may take time, but it is most definitely, 100% doable! Happy holidays everyone, and well wishes to you, your friends, and your loved ones.



TL/DR: Over came habit but took time. Still enjoys the smell (although outdoor only). This subreddit takes a lot of credit for my success - love you guys!