Flushed tobacco down the toilet! This time I mean business (23 yo f asthmatic smoker, starting age 15)

I'm 23 F and have been smoking since age 15. I've been trying on and off for a few years to quit - once I went on holiday and stopped for 3 weeks, felt amazing, but I thought I had it under control and started again when I came back to England. I have been miserably smoking for one year now after my asthma took a down turn and I had to go on steroids etc for a while and was bed bound for a few weeks. Though it physically hurt me to smoke I made one cigarette last all day - felt awful. 

Since then I have dramatically decreased the amount I smoke by setting myself time limits for smoking. First was 1pm then went up to 7pm. However, what happened was I started seeing evenings for smoking. I'd rush home after school (always leave my tobacco at home) and sit watching online TV and basically chain smoking. I then limited myself to 2 per day. During all this time... I didn't want to smoke at all. I'm basically forcing myself to smoke. The fight isn't against smoking but for smoking. The difficult part is stopping fighting to smoke. I'm sick of blocking my mind out by smoking and I'm sick of the psychological effects it's having on me. I'm pretty sure I'm an awesome person smoking makes me pretty pathetic. Not entirely sure how much as have smoked all of my adult life. Anyone who has successfully quit have any insight into the way it makes you feel psychologically/ emotionally? Did it change your motivation? Self image? 

Anyway, I've had enough of being a non-smoker during the day and a secret evening smoker. I wanna live! I wanna breathe dammit! 

So last night I flushed 20 grams of tobacco down the toilet (should have given it to a homeless person, but I needed it out of my life instantly) Its that time again though - evening smoke o clock - I could go out and buy another packet - but I ain't gonna - I laugh in your face smoking cravings, you can't fool me no longer! (I think...)

Basically - this time I'm going to do it - but I admit it, I need help. My friends are either non smokers or confirmed smokers - no one else is in the same position as me so it would be great to have a support group - thought I'd try here.