I had my last cigarette

Ten minutes ago I had my last cigarette. I want to keep it that way from now on. I desperately need to quit smoking. It's eating away my wallet and every time I go to bed I keep wondering what my lungs must look like now and when I'll get cancer.

The problem is, well, quitting. A little back story: I started smoking around November 2012. At the time I had pretty much hit rock bottom, I was suffering from a major depressive episode and I was at a point where I didn't give a fuck about things any more, one of which was smoking. Whenever other students and friends at university would ask if I smoked, I'd proudly say no and I wanted to keep it that way. Until that day when I said fuck it and decided to give one a try (what a dumb person I am.) I was having 1-4 every other day. But by December I was admitted to psych ward and I became a heavy smoker (20+ a day.)

Now I am in a slightly better place and smoking doesn't do what it did before. Last year I quit for 3.5 weeks and then I blew it all up because I was down spiralling again. And here I am now wanting to give it another shot. But I am not sure how. I feel like tobacco controls my every day life and I hate it. I don't want to look back but just the fact that I told myself I'm quitting is already making me anxious. 

I want to kick the habit once and for all. I'm going to visit my aunt on Monday and she doesn't know I smoke (no one in my family does, at least I don't think so) so I figured it's a great time to do it. I'll be staying for about 10 days or so and I'm hoping this will give me the kickstart. The problem is, I tried this approach before when I first quit. I stayed at my parents' for two weeks during which I didn't smoke and didn't think much about it. But when I travelled back to my current place, it was only 2 weeks later that I restarted. How do I avoid this pitfall this time? I really need any sort of advice. Thanks.

tl;dr: I had my last cigarette today and I want it to be my last this time. I quit before but it lasted only nearly a month. I want to avoid it this time around. Any advice? 