802 Days Later

I quit smoking 802 days ago after 38 years of smoking (I'm a young 60 year old … my mind says I'm 40).  I smoked about a pack a day.  I have not cheated at all, not even 1 puff, and really can't believe it.  I lost my job (plant closure) and had been in an executive position, so I received 6 months of full pay after my last day of work, which was nice.  During those 6 months I was trying to figure out what I wanted to do next.  I felt I needed to work a couple more years before I could retire, but had NO desire to go back into a 50-60 hour/week high stress job and would just work part-time.  I just made up my mind that I couldn't afford to spend over $200/month on cigarettes anymore, and decided to quit.  How did I do it?  Well, being unemployed, I had the luxury of being able to play video games on my computer pretty much all day, which kept my hands and mind busy.  Yes, I'm a woman and 60 years old and like to play video games!!  I played video games full time for about a month, and I also used a nicotine patch the first three days and whenever I went out so I wouldn't have the urge to stop and buy a pack. I stayed away from smokers during this time too.  After about two months, I really had no desire to smoke anymore, plus my cough was all but gone which was another motivator.  I hated that darn smoker's cough and was really self conscious about it.  I also kept a really dirty ashtray on the counter for a few months as a reminder of what I didn't want to go back to.  I'm sure being away from the high stress job also helped me quit.

I don't miss those coughing attacks I used to have in the dry winter months -- I had a few embarrassing moments in the grocery store, at work and other places.  I don't miss cleaning up the ashes that I dropped on the floor and between the seats in my car, or having to clean the yellow smoke film off my windows.  I ESPECIALLY don't miss having to make sure I had my cigarettes and lighter with me at all times, or having to run to the store because I was almost out!

I did put on 27 pounds, which I'm trying to take off now.  The only reason I really think about smoking when it does pop into my mind is that it would probably help me lose weight.  I think about it for a minute and realize there is no way I will go back to smoking, because I feel so lucky that I was FINALLY ABLE TO QUIT.   My doctor says it will be three years before I'm back to 80% (= to a non-smoker) (two down, one to go).  I don't think food actually tastes better or that I can smell better, other than I surely do notice cigarette smells now where I didn't before (maybe I CAN smell better after all).  I did quit snoring I think (I no longer wake myself up snorting), probably because I'm not all stuffed up at night from smoking.  My gums bled for a good year after I quit … wish I had realized, when I was young, how damaging smoking is to your gums and teeth.  I did have a chest x-ray a few months ago and my lungs didn't show any abnormalities -- hoping that continues.  

I remember being able to smoke at my desk at work, smoke on an airplane, smoke in a bar, and pretty much anywhere I wanted.  I remember when cigarettes were 45 cents a pack and cigarette machines were everywhere.  I remember how many times I wanted to quit, and I finally did.  I hope I wasn't too late.