Feeling So Good!!!

Feeling like a Boss!!!                                                     13 13days 2hrs 7m Smoke Free

I smoked for 23 years at least 10 to 15 cigarettes a day.... (I know shaking my head too now lol...)

I am now smoke free for 13 days 2hrs 7m... 

Whilst I get that it's a mind over matter / willpower / habit changing issue.... 

I write this to let you know it can be done... Hell I am doing it and if you knew me you would understand that it can be done even for the most stubborn minded of person...  (&amp; lawd I could dig my heels in even for my bad habits I owned mine lol)....

&amp; don't think for a minute I did not have my moments of weakness / craving oooohhhh lawd I did.... 

So here is how I went about it.... (Use it or don't use it... Either way... I know you can do it...)

#One day at a time and for the 1st week it was more like one moment at a time... 

#Meditation (oh wow is all I can say about that... just try it...)

#Colour therapy... Both physical  &amp; digital... (It kept my mind busy and I impressed myself with some of my works...)

#Quit smoking ear magnet / magnetic ear acupressure zero stop smoking, that cost me £2.49 on eBay... (Even though I only used it for a week it really distracted and kept me focus at the same time...)

#Lavender bag... (Its a great go too when you phyiscial needed to smell something strong that takes the edge off...)

#Quit smoking app... (Allowed me to see my achievements in real time... Which felt good...)

#Affirmations... (Find one that works for you... Mine was "I am stronger then a cigarette"...)

#Cycling... (For this I can only thank my partner as cycling is his thing but his eagerness to teach me was another distraction from moving away from the habit...)

#Nature walks... (Including just hugging a tree.. Just try it... It's works...)

It also helps to have an amazing partner that happily rewards you with an  "I am proud of you gifts" when he can... but don't wait for that...  reward your dam self because you deserve it .... because you are doing good for yourself... (just not with too much sweets &amp; chocolates because I am 2 kg heavier now... not that i am bothered as i know i will find my balance soon...) Yay me!!!

Let me know if any of the above helped you to kick the habit and feel like a boss..

Much love light n peace always
xoxo








