Looks like I picked the wrong day to quit smoking... but I made it through

I finished my last pack yesterday morning and decided that I would use going on vacation as a way to get over the first week hump. It's always a hassle to smoke while flying, so armed with a pack of nicotine lozenges, I commenced quit day one. 

Silly, naive, little me...

The day started smoothly enough, we made it to the airport with plenty of time to spare, I smugly waltzed passed the smokers outside and zipped through security. Cool - low stress travel so far, this frigid canadian weather is making me feel of about my decision to not smoke... anyways, I'm trapped now so it simply doesn't matter.

Our flight gets delayed an hour, no big deal... we've got a 6 hour layover. 

Ok, 2 hours... helloooo nicotine lozenge

Alright, we're boarding I'm feeling good.

Another hour delay... and now we're getting off of the plane. Excuse me while I go and get the biggest bag of m&amp;m's I can find. 

3 nicotine lozenges , 1 giant coffee, and a family sized bag of m&amp;m's we are back on the plane... definitely missed my connection. And I'm wondering if the fellow next to me chewing tobacco would be into giving me some (what?!? Who am I?)

My husband is the loudest breather on planet. Ugh! Now he's gently and lovingly stroking my hair... I'm going to chop this idiot's hand off! 

3 hour line up to rebook our flight. I wonder if I can double up nicotine lozenges.

I feel nauseous 

My husband has the worst breath, something died in his mouth, I'm getting him mints.

If he offers me one more altoid, I swear I will punch him right in his stupid face.

I ate all of his altoids... 

Flight's rebooked, it's 1AM and they're putting us up in a hotel room for the night. The line was almost a little fun, there was a real sense of camaraderie. This sucks and we're all in this together. 

My husband is "exploring" the shuttle area. This whole situation is a shit show! Why is there no clear place for the shuttle to stop! Why is he running away! What an idiot! I could kill him!! Omg, do you think he'll notice if I bum a smoke from those people waiting for the shuttle over there? No... it's cold, I'm sticking to this. Fuuuuuuuuck. 

Tired. Headache. Want nicotine.

Would the shuttle driver be up for stoping for a pack of smokes? Wait... that's not how this works.

Ahh... in the hotel room, everything is sorted and we are eating microwaved burritos. I start thinking about the people downstairs smoking, how easy it would be to  just run downstairs and, charmingly lamenting this day we've all had, ask for a spare smoke. Instead, I turn to my wonderful, but cosmically irritating husband and say "Babe, I really want a cigarette" 

"I can imagine"

So, we fall asleep watching bad cable instead. I can't fathom WHY I picked a day of flying to quit, but I stuck to my guns, got so grumpy my husband just started laughing at me, and I made it through.





