Dating, Pride, and a Lifetime of Poor Health.

I started when I was 15. My friend gave me a pack of cigarettes and I liked the feeling of that buzz so much I smoked them all in a couple of hours.

I've smoked 1-3 packs a day since then, and I'm almost thirty. 

I told myself, "I'll stop after five years."

"I'll stop after ten years."

"I don't really need to stop - I'm healthy regardless.

I was diagnosed with RA a few years ago, and along with recurring back problems, a horrific accident, and unsupportive partners in the past, I've become this endless pit of self-destruction. I *know* it's aging my skin prematurely. I *know* it makes my RA flare-ups worse and more frequent. *I know it doesn't help my moods, my body, or my pride.*

My recent ex pushed for me to quit, I asked him to help me along by cutting out his own tobacco use. Nah. "It's mostly weed anyway, you just need self-control."

I've been single for over a year now, and I have gained weight, been in pain, and felt as though there was no way I could start looking to be with anyone in the state I was in. What did I have to offer to anyone, like this? I need to get my shit together. I need to lose weight. I need to be more attractive. It's so hard to run and work out though. I'm too fat, it's hard to breathe. The stress is too much and I just want to sit around and chain smoke and drink.

I know this may be vapid, but I met someone that brings out the best in me. I mentioned how I've wanted to quit for awhile, and he admitted it was hard to kiss me because I smoked so much. I promised him I wouldn't smoke around him - because oh man I want those kisses.

It made me start thinking about it every time I lit up. I started thinking about how I was obsessed with smelling nice and having white, perfect teeth, and how both of those things were a constant uphill battle. Within a day of tell him I wouldn't smoke around him - I hadn't seen him once, and neither had I seen a cigarette.

I know, it's only been three days, but I've never really *wanted* to before. I've quit because I was broke, or because I was sick, or because I was in the hospital. Never because *I don't want to smoke anymore.*

The rewards?

Physically? Nothing yet. I'm coughing, I'm sneezing. I can't sleep through the night. The slightest noise wakes me up. I'm so full of energy that I'm finding myself pacing around and generally annoying everyone around me.

Mentally? I'm proud. I'm excited. I've already saved $20 and stashed it away. I'm stoked!

Emotionally? Man those kisses are so worth it. The wake-up texts asking me how "quitting is going, gorgeous?" So worth it.

I'm scared I'll fall back into it. I really *really* don't want to. I think this is it.