I started again after almost 6 months being smoke-free. Surprisingly it feels better than being a non-smoker. Advice? [Deep]

I stopped smoking in March. After all the urges I withstood, like 1 or 2 months in, I didn't feel any better about being a non-smoker. Sure I saw the benefits, I barely made it through the last months financially and god only knows the mess I would have had to deal with.

I remember in June or July, I was at work and went outside to catch some air so I went to the designated smoking spot where everyone goes no matter if they smoke or not. Important to note I am almost always anxious of my coworkers and rarely feel comfortable around allthough most of them are pretty chill most of the time. I felt like an impostor when I refused a cigarette, thoughts like "I am better than them because I don't smoke" and "I'm sure they judge/hate/envy me because I quit". It was so awkward for me and one brute and always grim looking guy I am really intimidated by made a sarcastic comment that goes like this "4 months? Stop for 4 years and we can talk about quitting". That comment hit me like a punch. I felt bad. I think I value others opinion higher than mine. Or it is connected to my self-image, will explain that deeper in the next paragraph.

Now I feel like "That's how it should be". It might sound strange but I felt like I was walking forward in terms of self-improvement but the a rubber band hold me back more and more until I broke. Now I don't feel content at all but better than most of the time this year. This includes all habits I wanted to establish, I don't write in my diary anymore, quit meditating, stopped brushing my teeth and don't exercise or run anymore. All I think is "fuck it, it didn't help you anyway and you just wanted attention and validation". I am even as aggressive as before and don't care about consequences anymore. I had a huge argument with my pregnant sister and don't feel sorry for her. I turned stubborn again and want to push through the mental prison I feel I'm in my families presence. What I meant with self-image is that I think I subconsciously denied the whole process I went through. I noticed no improvement where was some. Frustration was my best friend and he walked with me everywhere I went. I tried to push him away but he just mocked me. I think I wanted to STOP, as if I needed to go back so I can just REST. So one thing led to another and here I am lying in my bed, same habits and behaviour but still kinda improved in terms of interpersonal relationships and communication and that makes me happier than all the half-assed accomplishments in the past. In summary I think that the exterior (behaviour etc) always aligns to the interior (self-image and beliefs etc.) which is nothing new of course but experiencing and realizing it is finally a nice experience I got and that should be fine. But I am trapped.


I definitely want to quit again and improve, but in the right direction. But here I lay still in my bed hoping for it to get better but I don't know how... I'm a pessimisst in that matter and that fucks me up. What advice can you guys give me?