2 years smoke free. My thoughts.

I had my last cigarette on Dec. 31, 2013 at 5:06 PM EST at work in the parking lot. I quit cold turkey. No patches. No medicine. No meditation. 

I smoked for 10 years - 18 yr old to 28 yr old averaged a pack every 2 days. It was common for me to smoke an entire back in 1 night if I was drinking.

I use to play sports when I was younger and I thought I was in perfect shape until I joined my company soccer team and I couldn't even run for 5 minutes on the field. 5 god damn minutes. I use to play TWO 90 minutes games every week!

I know everyone's journey is different, but from what I have read here, my journey was bad. I was angry every time I went out drinking and everyone would go smoke. I would watch them and want to break so bad. I felt like something was missing from my life every time I went out. It didn't feel fun. It felt like I going out to have drinks on a Monday and realizing you had work the next day. I stopped going out at work to the smokers pit and would go for a short walk around the building instead. I felt miserable. It is lasted several months.

But you know what. I knew it was for the best. I wasn't doing it for the present me. This my gift to myself for the future. And now I look back on how hard I fought to be where I am at today and I am fucking proud of myself. I went through, what at the time I thought was hell. Looking back on it now, it is almost comical. But my best advice is just live in that moment. Feel the anger,frustration and pleading for a cigarette and then tell yourself "Nope. I'm stronger than you" cause you are.

I write this now because cigarettes are so far out my life and thoughts that I honestly forgot about this subreddit. But I have a co-worker trying to quit and told him that this where I started my journey and I felt like I needed to let everyone know that I was exactly where you are. Staring at my Day 1 flair and thinking "fuck. ok. i got this"

Fight the urge. It goes away. and comes back with a vengeance. then it goes away again. and the more you fight it, the easier it will become. then one day you will be reminded of a cigarette and realize you havent even thought about smoking in so long and that's when you know you are free.

im rooting for all of you. there is hope. 


PS: you will find yourself smoking in your dreams thinking you just fucked up and ruined your streak...then you wake up...pretty scary/funny. happened to me about 5-6 times during the first year.


edit: got my dates all fucked up yo
