The cigarette devil on our shoulders.

I smoked for 16 years and it took over my life. Planning my day around when I could have my next cigarette and stressed out when I couldn't get one in. It was more than a routine it was an obsession, a complete addiction and when I think about it now I can't believe how much of my life revolved around smoking. 

Me and my partner both smoked, chain-smoked when drinking...in the mornings I would cough up a storm but I still got up for my morning cigarette. Why?

The price went up to $56.00(NZ) for a 30g of tobacco and we'd buy two or three pouches between us a week without question (talk about money down the drain). I have a trip back to England to see my family and friends after 4 years of being in New Zealand and I had to save the money to go home for my 30th birthday. This was my priority so this was my starting block to quit.

We went to the medical centre together and met with a lady who helps you quit smoking, she was firm but fair about our addiction and we all decided on a quit date (Sunday 19th Feb at 8pm). 

We were given a bag with patches, gum, lozenges and leaflets etc and she said we could text her day or night if we needed any help.

The first three days were awful, I went to work as normal but the smell of smoke seemed to be everywhere and I thought I was going to have a breakdown, I felt stressed and depressed, really short-tempered. I tried to keep myself busy but just kept thinking about going for a cigarette. I didn't. 

I have replaced the normal cigarette times with other things i.e. morning cigarette get up and go straight to the gym, after food chew some gum, before bed drink a large glass of water. 

I have a list of the reasons I quit on my fridge so I look at it every day, I use a quit smoking app to keep my progress up and I've cut down to drinking just a couple of beers once a week in which I use an ecig just to replace that beer and cigarette combo. 

I'm on day 19 and feeling great but I will have to stay strong and slowly cut down on my patches until I don't need them anymore. I intend to quit once and for all and now that they are not part of my routine this is the road to recovery.

I keep reminding myself that smoking is not a 'stress reliever' but in fact the need for the next smoke is the reason for feeling stressed in the first place. So no cigarette = no stress. 

Best of luck to you all