ANXIETY AFTER QUITTING? HOW LONG DOES IT LAST?

Hey all, 

Just joined reddit today and found this sub which i'm super pumped actually exists. 

Anyways... 

I was a pack a day smoker for 8 years (i'm 26) and on new years eve, just like all my fellow smokers, I decided to quit...but actually did.

Besides one bad day where I fell off the wagon (had 4 a sporting event tailgate) I have been a little over 4 months cigarette habit free.

Those 1st couple weeks that we all read about on the quitting sites sucked. Sweats, couldn't sleep, anger, lack of focus, cravings, etc. But I toughed through it and it was certainly worth it. 

I can taste again, I can walk without feeling like I ran a marathon, I can smell. All the things we lose with smoking I'm truly happy to be enjoying again. 

But one side affect has lingered- Anxiety

Shortly after I quit I began to have full blown panic attacks. I would shoot up in the middle of the night feeling like I couldn't breath, that I was about to faint, that I was having a heart attack, that I was going to die. 

During the first one I went to the er, thinking I was having an asthma attack, only to have the doctors tell me that my lungs actually sound fine. For a couple months my panic attacks were frequent at least 2 a week. 

I learned to calm myself during them, to focus my breathing, and after about an hour the feeling reside. 

The point of the whole post: My anxiety attacks have subsided at this point. I haven't had a full blown attack in some time. But everyday, usually at work, I get the feeling I would right before I would have an attack. It doesn't last very long, a few seconds to a few minutes, and then it goes away.

I never had these before I started smoking so I'm assuming that they derive from cigarettes. 

Has any other quitter experienced this? If so how long does it continue for? Or does it go away at all? When did you start feeling 100% back to normal?

Sorry about the long post. But If I can quit all of you can as well. Stay strong.          