Why the hell did I not do this years ago???

Hey everyone.

I know there are some pretty mixed opinions on here regarding ecigarettes as a tool to stop smoking, but I wanted to let you all know my story.

I am 41 years old, been smoking since the age of 13, and since the age of 16 been on at least a pack a day. I have lost a parent and 2 grandparents to smoking related lung cancer.

I have tried numerous times to quit, using all sorts of aids like hypnotherapy, nicotine replacement, Allen Carrs book etc etc. Nothing has ever worked for me. It got to the stage where I figured I would never quit, and would likely die within the next 10 years (over the last couple of years I have been able to feel the changes in my body due to tobacco, and cant remember the last time I felt truly healthy!)

A few weeks ago I stumbled across some info on ecigarettes and vaping, and was intrigued. I started reading and researching, particularly in /r/electronic_cigarette/. 
I figured I had nothing to lose, and went out yesterday and bought an ecig, juice etc etc. I told myself I was not quitting smoking, I just wanted to try it out, and would have a smoke anytime I fancied one.

I got home at around 13.30 yesterday with my ecig, and since then I have not touched an analogue cigarette, and more importantly I have not wanted one. IT IS SO EASY! I am honestly amazed at how good these things are.

I know some of you are saying its just swapping one addiction for another, and you are right up to a point, but its no different from using gum or patches. You can buy juice in different strengths and flavours, and I intend to cut down on the nicotine strength gradually.
Even if I cant do this though, it is much much much safer to use these than regular tobacco. I already feel better in myself, and for the first time in a long time I can imagine a future that doesnt involve me dying early!

My partner is also a hardened smoker, and was very very cynical about this, but we had to go back to the shop today to get her a kit too!

Please guys, dont procrastinate anymore. Get yourself an ecig and stop smoking analogues. I promise you its easier than you could imagine.

**TL:DR: Get an ecig. They are awesome!**