Dumbest Comparison EVAR...

So has anyone seen/read Twilight? Yeah, yeah, save the hate, I don't care. That one part where Edward gets a whiff of Bella for the first time and he's absolutely overcome by the smell, has to hold his breath for the rest of the class... 

That was me walking into Joann Fabrics today while someone was smoking nearby. I'm on day (I don't fucking know, I'm in The Suck, I quit on 8/1) and I didn't see the person. I'd have waited in my car to go in. I'd have walked quicker into the store. I'd have done damn near anything to avoid. But I missed it, walked halfway to the door, and got a whiff. 

God, I love that smell. I have always loved that smell. And the moment it hit my nose, as I was already having a bad/rough day, I immediately stopped breathing and booked it for the door. I'm a grown ass woman running to the doors. I got inside and smelled the fake perfumey smell of the artificial flowers and was fine. 

The patch has started to itch. I don't know if it's placement or what, the insert was unclear about where it can go, but I can't duplicate the same spot for 72 hours. I also have a job where a significant portion of my upper torso is exposed and most people don't know I smoked let alone quit, so I can't have it visible. I have put it on my thighs and upper arms (on the days I'm not working that job). It says "upper body" but where exactly does that mean? Stomach? I'm pretty fat, so I'd imagine that would cause problems with absorbtion. Can't reach my back, I know I shouldn't put it on my boobs. #firstworldproblems?

I didn't celebrate my 1 week. I wanted to, but I've been working 10-12 hour days, 7 days a week. My celebration was actually eating dinner that day. At 2 weeks I get to order new Converse. Additional goals set for 1 month, 2 months, 3 months. I was rewarded daily for my first week with pictures of my nephew. 

I'm tired and rambling and like dumping my feelings here. Read, scroll, whatever, I don't have anyone to talk to about this, so I put it in the ether.