Tried many a times. Trying again.

Oddly enough, this is my first post ever on reddit. 
My name is Sarah and I am a heavy tobacco user. I was introduced to cigarettes by my parents. My mother is a heavy tobacco smoker and has been since I was a wee lad. So I grew up around it. I tried my first cigarette when I was at a party when I was 16. It was something all the cool kids were doing, so I wanted to fit in. Bad choice. 
I am 22 years old now and started smoking daily after I turned 18. Been smoking for 4 years. I've said many times that I'm gonna quit, but it seems like the addiction gets the better of me. I quit for 6 months last year in February. I used Chantix and was able to kick the habit by using it and moving in with my non smoker boyfriend (who is my ex now but we are still great friends) 
Getting away from those around me who smoked helped out a lot because I wasn't reminded of it. However, when I got a job as a delivery truck driver at an auto parts store, I ended up getting stressed more than usual. So I bought a vape. 
Another bad choice. 
The vape was more addicting than the cigarettes and I would have an anxiety attack if I misplaced it or didn't take it to work with me. I would even take it with me on my deliveries and smoke it while I drove (which was grounds for termination). So I stayed addicted to that for 6 months. 
After the break up I moved back home withy parents and traded the vape for cigarettes. I found it hard to break free from the vape. 
So yesterday I decided to set me a date to quit again. I want to live a healthier life for me, my family, and my friends. I want a better life than being dependent on cigarettes. I'm just afraid I won't follow through, even though I'm preparing more this time than the last time. 
The last time I quit was because it was mandatory to quit if I wanted bariatric surgery (which I didn't follow through with because of health reasons). 
But I feel this time, I can do it because I'm doing it for me and not for a surgery. I've asked my friends to be my support team and I downloaded a stop smoking app on my phone that gives me daily missions. 
My quit date is May 22nd 2015. 
Just thought I would share my story. 