I quit cold turkey (without medication) 4 months ago. I've had no cravings, and no slip ups. It's not impossible.

Hello, I just stumbled on this subreddit today and figured i'd share my story of quitting.

So here is my back story... I have been an active local musician for the past 20+ years.  I also have severe social anxiety, which is weird because why would someone who gets up on stage every week in front of sometimes as many as 25 people, have social anxiety??  Well, I do and the music is just an escape from the anxiety and helps me deal with it.  But anyways,  I picked up the smoking habit as a casual, social thing because being an active local musician, you spend lots of time in bars and around people who smoke.  I also started as a means to help with my social anxiety.  I used cigarettes as an ice breaker.  Because when I was smoking and drinking, or performing, my anxiety would be suppressed enough that I could function socially on a normal level. So gradually, that social smoking that I enjoyed at bars during gigs developed into an everyday habit.  Now, it was not a 2 pack a day habit, but I was smoking about a pack every 3-5 days.  This went on for several years.  Fast forward to July of 2015.  I am having a talk with a fellow band member at a bar.  For some reason we were talking about family members that we had lost over the past few years and sort of comparing stores (we each lost someone) and they were telling me the story of how their sibling had passed away from Cancer.  They talked about what it was like to watch someone that they loved being slowly taken away from their family and friends against their will with nothing that could be done no matter how hard they fought.  For some reason it all hit me at that moment.  I put myself into the role of the person lying on their death bed, dying of cancer from smoking.  I thought about how stupid it was that this was preventable.  I thought about the pain and suffering I was putting my family and loved ones through.  I thought about having my own life stolen away from me and not being able to stop it.  And at that moment, I decided I had smoked my last cig.  I am not sure why it took that specific conversation to do it.  I have lost family members before from cancer in the past, but they lived far away and their stories were tales told by relatives at annual family gatherings.  For reason, the story my band member told me had an incredible impact on me, and I don’t know why.  So July 2015 was when I smoked my last cig and I have not had a craving since.  I still hang out in bars and play music, and I still have social anxiety but I do not smoke… and I live with a  housemate that smokes!

Here is what I went through the first week of quitting.  My emotions skyrocketed.  Super high happiness, super low depression all seeming at random and I would never know which emotion was going to spike and when.  I tried to keep to myself mostly and ride it out.  I lost my appetite.  I went from eating 3 meals a day to less than one a day.  That lasted about 2 weeks.  My energy skyrocketed.  My heart was racing 24 hours a day.  It felt like it was trying to leap out of my chest.  I could not sleep, I was restless.  Endless pacing at night, never able to catch my breath.  I started jogging during this to deal with amount of energy I had…. I was never a jogging person or someone who jogged before, but no matter how much I jogged, I my heart was still racing and I still had tons of energy and I have no idea where it was coming from.  I should also point out that the same time I decided to quit smoking, I also decided to quit caffeine.  So I’m pretty sure all of what I was experiencing physically and emotionally was a combination of the both.  All of these symptoms settled down over the next 4-8 weeks.  My appetite came back, my heart settled down, my energy came down but it’s still up from where it used to be.  I know walk an average of 15000 steps a day, 5 -6 days a week.  I changed my diet.  I eat mostly salads and skinless chicken now.  So quitting smoking has been sort of a gateway to a healthier lifestyle.  A lifestyle that I used to criticize others for having.
I now, it’s November 2015.  I still have not had a cig.  I now get an occasional craving when I smell that “cigarette odor” when I’m at a bar hanging out or playing a gig, but It’s not like it was before.  Any time I get a craving I have a rationalization trick that I use to deal with it.  The trick is, I equate smoking to an impossible task… something that I will never, ever be able to do.  And that has helped.   Here is an example,  and it’s going to sound silly, but it worked for me.  I could never ever eat a building… no matter how hard I try.  And by that same logic, I can never ever smoke a cigarette.  Simple.  The craving is gone, out of my mind, I don’t even dwell on it.  I have always done well with pneumonic devices when it comes to memorization and this little trick is kind of my own “logical pneumonic device” for dealing with cigarette cravings. 
Now, I am not flawless. Quitting caffeine has proved to be the tougher beast to conquer.  I went from 4 cans of monster energy drink a day, down to 1 diet mountain dew every couple of days.  While that is an improvement, I am still working on 100% caffeine removal from my diet and lifestyle.  But honestly, it’s hard.  I play lots of late gigs where I am driving home exhausted after gigs and need some way to stay awake while I drive.  That is usually where my caffeine “Slip ups” occur, or in the morning at work the next day following a gig.
So quitting cold turkey is possible.  I am not going to pass judgment on anyone.  If you want to smoke, that’s your decision and fine with me.  But if you are serious about quitting maybe my story can help in some way.
