Some PRICELESS advice for your quit start

This will be long but I have a feeling you'll learn a few things you never knew. 

You know the exhaustion, brain fog, shaking, jitters, listlessness, crabbiness, irritability and so on that shows soon as you quit? 
The crash is due to one horrific fact :

When we smoke our blood sugar rises one minute after lighting up.
Non smokers blood sugar rises 18 minutes after eating.

So cigs deactivate the bodies self regulation of when our blood sugar rises. Fully. Our blood sugar gets on "cig time" instead of natural "body time".

The body WILL relearn how to regulate the sugar in 3 to 7 days after we quit.  Til then, drink plenty of 100% Juices (cranberry is best as it'll flush the chems and Nic out of our system faster and more efficiently) but orange juice, apple juice, mango juice etc works wonders also.  It'll stop the crashing as the sugar in the Juices will keep our blood sugar up.

After a week or so, stop drinking as much juice. Weight gain comes from too much Juices.

One more thing: eat. Eat breakfast (oatmeal or/and fruits, blended fruit smoothies etc) and lunch and dinner. Smokers, due to the cig time blood sugar rising, end up feeling not hungry so we don't eat a lot. Eating like a non smoker WILL keep energy up, also help the body relearn how to regulate its own blood sugar rises and it'll also stop cravings.  Snack. Snack on celery, grapes, apple slices, peaches, pears, peanut butter on celery, raw cauliflower or brocolli (those give us the farts but hell - I'm sure farts smell a little better than smoking..... Well...... Maybe not....)

Caffeine : if you're a Soda/coffee lover, watch out.

To a smoker, we can drink quite a few cups/bottles.

To a non smoker, one cup is equivalent to 2-3cups.

Fked up how cigs completely change our bodies, isn't it? Even our heart rates go up immensely like we just ran a mile in 2 minutes. So expect a bit of a slower heart rate when quit. It's a good thing. Our heart is also going back to "body time" instead of "cig time".

Real Talk:

Look at smoking like heroin.  If your friends say "Omg you quit? You havent even had ONE cigarette?" or "Damn, you're so cranky /impossible to deal with. Just start smoking again ffs.." get FURIOUS  at them. It's the same as saying to a recovering heroin, meth or coke addict, "You've quit? You've haven't even had ONE snort/shoot up?" or  "You may as well start up again, you're so miserable." 

We would never EVER say that to a street drug addict. And smoking is actually WORSE than any street drug. There have been more deaths and complications from cigarette use than from meth and heroin combined. First and foremost we NEED to admit that we have a drug addiction to cigarettes. 

Just never take another puff. It's all you gotta do. Sadly if you relapse and smoke again (even one puff) you have to go thru the withdrawal again. I know you all hate the feelings of withdrawal. You'll NEVER have to feel them again long as you don't take another puff.

Use your won't power. Fuck willpower.
You WON'T take another puff.
You WON'T use again. 
You WON'T allow the addiction to cause you to relapse.
You WON'T ever withdrawal again.

Remember, every ex smoker is always constantly ONE puff away from a 1, 2, 3+ pack a day addiction.
Forever. 
You can easily prevent that fact from becoming your reality:
Never take another puff.

You got this.
It don't got you.
(bad grammar BUT it'll stick in your head).