I moved recently and stuff that went wrong made me want to smoke badly but I didn't, I am slowly gaining new coping skills.

I recently moved apartments basically by myself for the most part, it's just a bach to a small 1 bdrm so I did all my smaller boxed stuff and furniture in my suv while hiring a truck for my bed and bookcase. The 1st truck guy I hired from kijiji no showed me, the 2nd showed up but nearly broke my bookcase trying to get it out and when I complained about it he ditched my bedframe from his truck and sped off. He did send an apology text a few minutes later offering to come back even but I ignored it.

It was at this point that I was near tears and totally stressed out, my old building was one of the worst rental experiences I've had in 11 years of renting and I just wanted to get my stuff out and done with. So I called my friend and just vented and said over and over how I wanted to smoke and he told me not to. It felt better talking to my friend, well really having him talk me down from the ledge and practicing some deep breathing. 

Finally I called a 3rd guy and he was more expensive but showed up an hour later with all the proper supplies and we got my items moved over in no time. He smoked, it was incredible how strong the inside of his vehicle smelled when I put my picture in the cab. I saw two packs and smelled what seemed like 10 years of stale cigarettes, it was awful. I can't believe how much more I can smell nowadays.

At the end of the day I realized that I got through another trigger(s). Moving has always been broken up by smoke breaks and although I found myself craving them often throughout I didn't smoke any. I've always handled stress with smoking but now I have to learn new ways to deal with stress, anger, frustration, anxiety etc. It's honestly been really challenging, sometimes I feel scared by my lack of proper coping skills and other times empowered by my ability to adapt and grow. 

I'm missing the habit of smoking often but really enjoying all the new things I've gained like being able to run, not being out of breath moving, better digestion and less acne to name a few. It's been really helpful having this sub to come back to and read or vent to, I like being able to help others when I feel like I have a comment worth adding. I never understood support groups for quitting smoking til this time around and it's been an enormous help so thank you to everyone in here.