I've hit 11 days today and it's been a rollercoaster..

I can't say it's been a perfect journey, I've snapped at people at the odd time or wanted to hide in my house some moments but overall it's been my smoothest stop to date. I think I finally got to a point of maturity that I could understand and fully absorb the Allen Carr book, it's reframed things about smoking and stopping it that have kept me much less depressed and deprived than every previous quit. 

I'm on a road trip right now and there's the odd moment I've really missed cigarettes but if I'm in honest my car smells like shit, I'm gonna have to get it detailed at some point because when I turn the heat on the stale cigarette smell makes me feel nauseous. 

I decided to get on the treadmill today because in the first week especially I was eating more than I usually do and thought I should avoid the depression resulting from weight gain. Anyways, I was absolutely shocked when I was warmed up and passed the 2 minute mark of straight running without needing to walk. I actually ran for about 7 minutes before stopping and it was more because my legs were burning than my chest was, I can't believe my lungs are doing that well after only 11 days. And I didn't get day long horrific sneezing/allergy fits after the long cardio like I normally would, plus my red face went back to normal in about 40 minutes instead of two hours. 

I am still vaping because it's been a major comfort and I think the thing I needed to make the jump but I've been cutting down my nicotine level quickly. My goal is to be done with the vape within two months or less, I'd like to take planes, eat a meal or watch a show without wishing it'd end faster so I can go outside and vape. I'm doing what feels right for me though, we all have a success story I think and sometimes it includes cessation products and sometimes it doesn't, I just support people leaving the cigarettes behind. 

I'm so glad this sub exists and people post in here, I've been back quite often every day since just before I had my last cigarette and every single post and person has helped me.