4 Year Of Smoking &amp; Today I Complete 1 Week Of No Smoking

From the early teen days I was that fat kid. I was not cool(that's what I thought) and because of being overweight, the cool kids were not my friends. Then at the age of 14, I got introduced to smoking. I don't call peer pressure the cause of my smoking rather I blame myself. I wanted to be the part of the kids who never talked to me but I was now sitting with them and smoking cigarettes. One positive thing with me was I never got addicted to drinking. After 2 years of smoking everyone in my family knew I smoke. One day I asked my mom money and she refused cause she knew I was going to smoke again. I had a fight that day with my mom and in anger I hit her. Just for fucking 5 ruppes(I am an Indian). That day I understood how much I was addicted to Cigarettes. So time flew by and by the end of 2017 I was smoking 10-12 cigarettes a day and was overweight. So I started Jogging. That's when I understood how much effect smoking has on me. I couldn't run even for a minute without taking breaks. So first I tried leaving cigarettes by reducing the numbers everyday. For a few days it would work but when the motivation of leaving smoking faded I was back at smoking a pack of cigarettes everyday. 

I live in Kolkata. Here we have a festival called Durga Puja which just ended a week back. The festival goes on for 6 days. So what I did is I smoked as many cigarettes as I can in the festival removing the guilt from inside (from last few months I had a guilt in me that if I smoke so much and die who would take care of my parents, my sister, my family). So I smoked freely but made a promise to myself that I would stop smoking after the festival ends i.e., 18 October 2018. I wanted to be ready so I bought 1 pack of nicotine gum and went to sleep. The next day I spent by hiding in my room re-watching Daredevil s1&amp;s2 cause season 3 was just going to release on Netflix. The first 3 days were just hiding inside my room. Then I was ready to face the world. Now I have slowly started going out. I have cut ties with people who were just "Smoke Buddies" of mine. Day 5 I joined a gym. Today after one whole week of no smoking I am proud of my self.♥️♥️

Pro Tip- When you want to stop smoking do it at once and don't think about cigarettes too much. Do something different. Keep your mind totally away from any thought of cigarettes. Daredevil and Nicotine Gum helped me doing so. 