20 year smoker, 140 hours clean now

This subreddit is helping me a lot. I've made a few posts/comments here and there to help beat some urges/cravings and help encourage some others who are struggling like we all are. Kinda like a public journal that's weirdly satisfying to write in.

Somehow when I feel like a complete fuckin monster of an asshole, coming on here and reading other people's struggles is making me give myself a break. Like it's a reminder I need to chill and not be so hard on myself, and I get motivation to move out of that negative head space to try to be positive for some of you strangers here, if not for myself. I can be a right asshole to myself, but it's way harder for me to be an ass to some poor faceless person on reddit. Well, to any of you nice people in this sub just trying to improve their life anyway.

I also wanted to give myself some kudos for getting through my first day back at work since quitting. Been off for almost a week, and going back today was one 8 hour long trigger. My daily job duties are very rhythm based, so smoking cigarettes was a very *very* integral part of my old routine.

Going back today was not easy. Being off for almost a week and playing catch-up, plus normal duties, plus planning out the week ahead, minus smoking made for a craving filled day. Every hour my brain kept telling me to go smoke, and every hour I told my brain to shut the fuck up. Instead I went and drank a few cups of water, very slowly. The weather was nice today so I also walked around the building. I walked down and checked the mail when it was still quiet this morning and I could enjoy the peace of the early day. I stood in the warm sun and looked at the bluebonnets blooming. I watched some birds play in a puddle.

Y'ALL IT WAS FUCKIN BORING AS SHIT BUT I DIDN'T SMOKE.

I didn't bum, I didn't go the gas station, I just told all my coworkers I haven't smoked in 5 days and apologized for being fuckin weird. Cuz I feel like I've been in a room alone doing drugs for a week, my mind is all whacked out. The breathing and skin and heart rate and all that going back to normal is a nice plus, but personally I'm more than f'n ready to be back to my old self mentally. Cuz I feel hella weird and do not like it.

If you're still reading this rambling, this is where I tell YOU, my dear reader trying to quit smoking, I just did one of the hardest days I've ever done, and if my weak ass can do it, your strong ass definitely can.

I really liked the point made on my other post about how when we smoke we're chasing the feeling of being a non-smoker. It's not like being an alcoholic or drug addict - there's no high for us to chase. It's us wanting that feeling of *not wanting* a cigarette. That feeling of being a *non-smoker* is what we're really chasing when we smoke. That stuck with me real hard and I love it because it's brilliant. Fuck the tobacco companies: don't give them thousands to chase the feeling of being a non-smoker. Cut them out entirely and let's do this shit for free. Every single one of us is capable of doing it. And it's okay if we struggle. Not everything has to be easy and it's okay for it to be hard.