Smoker for 20 years, now with 36 hours clean

I've tried to quit several times over the last 20 years and have failed each and every time. About 48 hours is my max time for quitting in the past. Another 12 hours today and I'll have tied my previous best!

This time feels different though. Yesterday was the easiest day one I have ever had. Probably because yesterday morning I had wisdom teeth out and spent most of yesterday in a fog. I am also hella scared of dry socket, so I am taking the "no smoking" portion of my aftercare very, very seriously and am spinning that into quitting for good. I figured if I couldn't smoke for 3-5 days why the hell not just quit??? Seriously, what would be the point of getting through five of the hardest days and going back?

And, if I'm being perfectly honest, I think the pain pills have taken a bit of the edge off, making it these first couple of days a bit easier. My cravings to smoke weed have been stronger than those to have a cigarette, but the cigarette cravings are still there.

I think that now that I'm in my 30s my own mortality is becoming much more of a reality, which is another reason this latest resolution to quit has been my strongest. Coughing in the mornings has become more regular and stronger, and that feeling of being indestructible is growing weaker and weaker as I start to move away from my 20s and closer to my 40s. I love my wife very dearly and the thought of dying and leaving her alone is a horrifically terrible thought.

If I'm continuing to be honest though this second day isn't quite as easy as yesterday was and I guess that's why I'm here letting it all out. I'm at home still recovering from my dental surgery and am alone and bored and just needed to get this out there. If only for my own personal feelings of gratification and a distraction from a craving. I'm trying to keep myself busy with chores and maybe I'll turn on a video game or something, but sitting alone in my quiet house is tough.

But I can do it. I know I can. I just need to keep telling myself I don't need cigarettes to live. It's the opposite! Cigarettes are killing me! And they're costing me pointless money!

Anyway, thanks for letting me vent here. It's about the only place I've seen on reddit full of people who understand what this is like and honestly it makes it easier to let this out to where it will be understood. I can do this, I can do this, I can do this!