I find it so hard to quit

I've talked to all my friends about it, I'm young, in college and I've been smoking ever since I started school. I got too wild with drinking when I first started going out, and I was told that I had some really bad social behavior. But when I learned about that, I just was so upset at myself, I never had the chance to apologize, I never really knew what to do because it happened so long ago. And at that moment I just quit drinking so much and started to smoke socially. It was a stupid decision to even start but I found that I drank less and didn't have much fun. I was so hung up on that incident and just drifted away from those people that I embarrassed myself in front of. At that point, it was too late to apologize, it had been two months. And I felt it would have just made things worse if I said something about it so I just moved away from it. I became depressed, my girlfriend at the time found out about it broke up with me, she didn't understand what it was. I didn't cheat. It was just something I said that I never recalled saying. 

I slowly started smoking more and more, at work, on the way to class, and smoking more than drinking. I was afraid of making other people feel uncomfortable because I couldn't handle drinking. I can control my drinking now, it's just that I can't stop my smoking. It just feels natural to me now that I'm just so used to it. I hate myself for it. When I'm home my family doesn't know that I smoke but the people around me do, and it's starting to get around. Whenever I come home I don't smoke at all, but sometimes I sneak out at night to smoke. 

I have a vape but it isn't the same as smoking a cigarette. I'm going to try and go to my schools quit tobacco program but I honestly don't know if it will help. I quit for two days and just picked up another pack because of how stressed I was. Those two days felt like a week. I feel shitty for smoking, my attractiveness goes down, my breath smells, my car smells, and sometimes my apartment smells. I went to my doctor yesterday for a strep throat probably bc of smoking, I learned that she used to smoke in college too. She quit cold turkey after undergrad. 

I just feel like absolute shit today. I didn't have enough time to finish my exam and I didn't even fill in half of my answers. I was studying hard for a week only to fail because I was too slow. I'm just venting right now, but I really want to quit. Thanks for listening. 