Back to Square One. But Learning from Mistakes

I am a serial-quitter, unfortunately. Must have 'quit' 50 times in the last one year. Never lasted more than 6 days with 2 days being the average. After which the urge for "Just one puff" has caused me to spiral back into the smoking trap.

I first tried quitting last year after reading Allen Carr's book. Needless to say, the book worked like magic and by the time I finished it I was up and ready to quit the same day. 

Mistake 1: I did not quit the same day. I waited for some meaningless day after a week to signify the end of my smoking stint. 

The problem with this is that by setting a quit date, I made it feel smoking is an important (good or bad) part of my life. The constant feeling of "giving up" and the last cigarette ceremony made me realize I did not actually comprehend the book completely.

So I read Allen's other book - The Only Way

This was a longer read, but nonetheless almost as effective as the first one. Focussed on points I missed during the first read. Took about a week to complete the book and I was up and ready to quit smoking again!

And I did for 3 days.

Mistake no. 2 : I upped my intake of weed to compensate the loss in nicotine. Bad bad decision. 

This can't be qualified as an attempt to quit as I just replaced nicotine with THC. Different drugs, different feeling, but the same problem. Addiction. 

The next quit attempt was fuelled by wife, who got so angry at me not sticking to my quit resolve that she almost, almost had to respect for me anymore. That hurt. 

So I quit again. This was the longest one. 6 days. You ask why 6 days? Because my wife went out of town for 3 days on the 7th day and I had a field day smoking and smoking up the entire fucking weekend hoping I'll quit once my wife is back and she wont know a thing. On Monday, I was sheepishly asking for cigarette from a friend at work. This quit attempt was the lowest point in my life.

Mistake 3: I did not plan my initial days of withdrawal. Had no clue what to do when home alone for 3 days. So stuck to my routine of smoking and smoking up.

Some other mistakes I've made:

1.Pushing the quit date by one day everyday to make it almost a year now
2. Getting distraught at the thought of not smoking at future events. I know this is stupid and its the nicotine speaking and not me
3. Lying to people, my wife especially. 
4. Getting influenced by others, especially co-workers at work

The list is long and I probably can write a book on how not to quit.

But, this time I feel it's different. 

I am tired of the constant battle in my mind - smoke, dont smoke

I am tired of the weakness in me calling for a cigarette everytime there's a small problem in my life

I am tired of lying to people, most importantly myself

I am just tired of quitting! 

I get a feel this is the last time I quit. Wish me luck guys :)







