How 2/26/17 became day 1. (rambly af)

I apologize if this is too rambly but I needed it all in writing and out of my head.

I guess my first tobacco was hookah, when I smoked periodically, and never felt any cravings or anything. A lot of my friends smoked cigarettes and I made it a point to never touch one. Was proud in the fact that I hadn't. I'd occasionally smoke cigarillo wrap while smoking other stuff but preferred glass due to the tobacco thing. I really started smoking when I was about 18-19. My college roomates smokes Black and Milds and I thought they smelled wonderful. The hookah lounge directly across the street from my apartment sold filter tips in singles and I got hooked  shortly thereafter. I got to the point that I knew I was spending too much money, but I enjoyed the taste and the aroma. 

Eventually, I bought a corncob pipe from a local tobacconist and made pretty good friends with the guy. Pipe smoking was kind of his thing, and he sold his pipe tobacco at a marginal mark-up because that was his passion, the rest of the shop was his business. So at $2 per oz, I could smoke good tobacco from a nice pipe, basically as often as I cared to, and didn't bother much about the health concerns. 

Before too long, SO told me that she was pregnant, so we both ended up moving back home to prepare for a baby. Needless to say, not only did we need to save all the money we could, I couldn't smoke around her so I had to quit. I already had a shitty temp job lined up and a prospective less shitty job in the works. I knew going cold turkey would suck, so I bought a pack of American Spirits black. My buddy smoked them fairly regularly, and the few times I tried them, it was pretty reminiscent of my pipe, and I thought it'd be a good way to wein(sp?). The plan was 1 cigarette after a shift, to relax and let the parking lot clear, and once the pack was done, no more. And I stuck to the plan. My daily smoke was ritual, not habitual and when the pack ran out, I was done.

 My work buddy began requesting rides to and from work and smoked on the way in and out. He would offer me a cig and I'd accept. Relapse. Fast forward to just over one year later and I'm still trying. I've success for about a month at a time a couple times but always broke down. I had an accountabili-buddy, but he sucked at that and it never went anywhere and he quit recently anyway.

 As of right now, SO thinks I finally put it down a month or so ago, and I'm basically all alone. I bought a pack this morning, smoked my daily 6, and gave the whole rest of the pack away. I'm here because I don't have the discipline to do it alone, but I don't have anyone else irl. Thank you for being here. Wish me luck.

tl;dr today is day 1 and I need your help.