I'm on my third day. Feeling great.

Hey all, just wanted to share my story and maybe pass on some tips.

A little background. Started 5 years ago in college. First 2 years were light, 2-4 cigarettes a day, but I slowly worked my way up to half/full pack a day. I've tried quitting before with limited success (a week or two without) and I had just bought a pack last week after going for 10 days or so without.

I'm going to succeed this time, and there are two reasons why.

1: After I bought that last pack, some of my coworkers were giving my some shit about smoking and how I was going well. One of them asked for my pack of smokes. I gave them to her and she have them right back. All she said was "Here, take them. It is YOUR CHOICE," and for some reason it resonated powerfully within me. 

2: This last stint that I tried quitting I was an eye opener. I was having a hard time coming to terms with never smoking again. Then it hit me. I need to be ready to smoke my last cigarette. I need to remember my last. I need to remember that content feeling I had knowing that I was done. I can't just keep track of the days that I haven't smoked long enough to justify having another cigarette.

 So after getting into a small spat with my girlfriend (non-smoker) about having tobacco in the house, I felt ready. Ready to smoke my last. Ready to make that memory. I was lucky to have Mother Nature on my side, because when I went to put my cigarettes in my car, it started raining. 

I will always remember rolling myself an extra fat cigarette. I will always remember standing in a light rain. I will always remember how that streetlight looked. And most importantly, I will always remember curling up on the couch with the woman of my dreams. Content. 

Today I walked past a man smoking and had a strong urge to bum one, but those memories flashed in my head. They stopped me when I was feeling weak. They reminded me of why I truly quit smoking. They reminded me of her.


Sorry, I'm a little drunk and this was an outlet.

**tl;dr: attach a memory of why you quit to your last cigarette and be comfortable with the thought of never smoking again**