Checking in after 2 years

It's been two years now and while I don't post and comment much here anymore, thought I'd share this milestone.  Probably already told my story in my one year post, but here’s a summary for any new folks working on quitting.

Smoked from age 16-28.  Near the end, right after buying my house, I started rolling my own to save money and afford house things.  Think that was what contributed to final straw: the chore of rolling my daily allowance every morning or evening, and by then I could never go back to store bought since I had already rebudgeted the money I was saving from rolling.  I had finally had enough and decided to buy one last pack.

When I was down to my last I went to the conveniance store and got a bag of hard candy and a pack of gum.  For over a month I went nuts chewing gum and chewing on coffee stirrers from my office.  Remember in the first week my girlfriend asked what was wrong with me.  I hadn’t told anyone in case I failed.  She had noticed though that my energy levels were through the roof and I was eating more.  Gotta say, those two things alone are what I think about when I consider smoking again - the difference in energy and my appetite / how much better food tasted.  After a week or so I had downloaded one of those apps to track my days & money saved.  Once my friends and family noticed they would always ask how it was going.  Now failing not only meant erasing my progress, but also letting them down too.

Some of my struggles were continuing to drink while I was quitting, going to pool league and smelling the smokers when they would come back in.  Leaving and walking past a group of smokers was torture.  Golfing with my buddies and riding in the cart while they smoked sucked.  Driving for hours on end on vacations.

But I can tell you with certainty it gets easier and I very rarely get that feeling that I actually want one anymore.  I’ve gained some 30 pounds and look and feel healthier than I’ve ever felt in my life.  I work out several times a week and walk every day.  My health is my new addiction, and it’s one I plan to keep.

Good luck to everyone trying to quit!  It gets better!

[TL;DR](http://imgur.com/PAsLnmu)