What's your motivation? Checking in 4 years later.

I had it marked on my work calendar for the past couple months that today was "4 years no smoking," but I'm apparently not as good at math as I thought since *tomorrow* is 1460 days according to my badge on here.  Regardless I've been thinking about it a lot lately, especially having just gone on a week long camping trip with friends who are mostly smokers.  What it was like when I was a smoker and differences it's made in my life being a non-smoker.  Been thinking about what someone four years in could contribute to a community that's struggling with their quits, maybe only a day or two in, maybe a week.  What I could say to motivate you.  So I thought I'd share what helped me.  What I thought about every time I'd get an urge to give up.

Think one of my big motivators initially was that I had just bought a house.  I was trying to wrap my head around affording it while continuing to own a motorcycle, enjoy my hobbies like golf and fishing, and save for any potential home repairs.  Then here I am spending what, $6.85/pack how many times a week?  That's how many times I'm walking into convenience stores, and I sure as hell more often than not was getting something else, a soda or coffee.  Think I figured I was spending $200-250/mo just at convenience stores.  Quitting smoking meant no more regular convenience store visits.  Even if you're not budgeting for something like a house maybe think about the costs of quitting, what you're saving.  Put those funds toward something that will help remind you why quitting is worth it.

My other big motivator was getting healthy.  I wasn't overweight but I sure wasn't keeping up running around with our friends' kids.  Running up the steps in our house would have me winded.  Since quitting I've made a conscious effort to eat better, drink mostly water (and beer lol), and exercise daily whether that's walking my dog or lifting.  I've noticed a huge difference in my energy levels and moods.  Would recommend to get active and exercise while you're getting past those first couple months.  It's a great stress reliever and a great use of the extra energy you're sure to have.

As for advice for the new quitters, my big recommendation has always been to get a few packs of gum, a bag of jolly ranchers, things to chew on - and keep them with you everywhere you go.  When I first quit I would grab a handful of coffee stirrers from my office and cut them in half so they were pocket size, and I'd chew the shit out of them while driving to and from work.  My right pocket that was always home to my cigarettes and lighter was now full of jolly ranchers and gum.  I stopped drinking for a couple weeks so I wouldn't have a lapse of judgement at the bar.

Can't say it enough - your struggle will be worth it!  Your family and friends will be proud.  You'll feel better in no time and you won't imagine returning to the terrible habit of smoking.  Stay strong everyone and good luck!