So proud of my husband!

TLDR: My husband has quit smoking after 35 years, it seems to be sticking, and I'm so proud of him!!!

*****

My husband's 45 and started using tabacco products at about age 10 (sneaking butts out of his parents' ashtray, chewing snuff when he could get it). He smoked rollies but figures he smoked about 1-1.5 packs a day. He's tried quitting numerous times but it never stuck, so eventually I stopped getting excited when he'd try again (it got emotionally draining to keep getting excited and then crushed with disappointment, plus he never really seemed to *want* to quit). But this time seems different. He hasn't had a cigarette in 8 days, whereas previously he'd either wean off and never actually quit, or else  give up within 24 hours if he was going cold turkey.

He read the Allen Carr book about a million times, and also tons of online resources. Now he's starting to get all kinds of interesting withdrawal effects (sore mouth with peeling, twitchy and can't sit still). The oil in his skin used to smell rancid (his words) and that went away after 2 days. He can smell cigarette smoke from 200 metres away.

For the most part, I've been offering encouragement and congrats whenever he brings it up, but trying not to mention it otherwise in case he happens not to be thinking about cigarettes right that second. He's been on vacation so it's been relatively easy to stay away from exposure. The real battle will begin when he goes back to work. He's a railroader so there's smoking everywhere, since they're outside all the time, and it's just a smokers culture there. But we have 2 more weeks on vacation in Thailand, and he's saying he can actually picture himself enjoying it without a cigarette in his hand, so hopefully by the time he's back to work and has been off nicotine for over 3 weeks, he'll be able to resist the temptation.

While I can't claim to know exactly what he's going through, I myself have overcome an addiction to junk food so I have a glimmer. A little-known fact is that sugar is more chemically addictive than cocaine, so it wasn't easy. What helped me was progressing from "I should quit eating junk food" to "I want to quit" to "I have quit" mentality. There's a thing in psychology that you sort of have a "quota" of decision willpower, and every "good" decision draws it down, which is why you should never try to quit multiple things (e.g. drinking and smoking) at the same time. So if you're trying to "cut back" on bad things, then you have to keep making the decision whether to have the bad thing in each moment; whereas if you've just made one decision never to have it again, then you just need willpower to stick to the one decision. Hopefully that makes sense, I'm probably not explaining it very well.