Trouble getting a deep breath immediately after my last cigarette

I remember ever since I was a kid, periodically I've had trouble getting a deep breath.  The only way I know to describe it is this: I'm breathing, deeply - trying to get that "full, deep" breath, like I'm about to climb over the last foot of a mountain to gaze over the peak, but something stops me.  I can't get anymore air; it's like my breat just stops.  It's just like that when I'm breathing...I have just a little bit more to go to get that full, deep breath when your lungs will and then you feel that little release because your lungs are fully expanded, but it stops just short.  Make sense?

Fast forward to my early 20s, I start smoking.  I got up to about 3/4 of a pack a day.  I never notice the deep breath issue any longer; it seems to have gone away.  Well, since quitting, the problem has returned and I feel it much MUCH worse.  I quit two years ago for about a year, and it got so bad that I went to a pulmonologist.  I have above average lung capacity and nothing bad on an xray.  During that time I quit for about a year, two years ago, I was using a vape, but not for that whole time when Iw as off actual cigarettes.  The breathing problem got so bad that I just started smoking again and it appeared to go away - not completely, but it drastically reduced so much that I hardly noticed it like when I was smoking for the first time.

Well, I'm trying to quit smoking again, and guess what, the breathing problem has returned.  It's driving me insane.  It's causing anxiety, I'm freaking out in my head about simple things that give me trouble/are hard to understand; sometimes it feels like I'm about to have a panic attack.

Does anyone know anything about this/what causes it/how long it will last/is it just my lungs repairing themselves (I hear they can do that)/do I need to go back to a pulmonologist and get a second opinion/or what?  I appreciate any help any fellow quitter can give my way.  Thanks.