2000 Hours Smoke Free

It's my first time posting on Reddit, but when I got the notification today that I was 2000 hours smoke free. I spent a lot of time in the few days after quitting lurking around this subreddit, and I figured that maybe sharing my progress could help other people like it helped me.

I started smoking when I was 17 and carried on for five years, I've tried quitting a few times before – most recently in March – but stress or something always ended up bringing me back to smoking. 

One of the biggest mistakes that I made was that I'd always let myself cheat a little at the pub, I'd stop smoking but come the weekend I'd buy a pack and have a few cigarettes at the pub, then the next morning I'd still have a fair amount in the pack in my coat pocket. This time I totally cut that out because I realised that by still smoking a couple of times a week, I'm still used to the taste, the smell, all that stuff. I bought a packet of cigarettes to use in a video I made about my quitting journey a couple of weeks ago ([shameless plug](https://youtu.be/gmbFxINu3nk)) and found the smell to be totally disgusting, which isn't something I've noticed in years.

I also truly 100% committed to my e-cig. I tried using the little vape pens before, but there's not quite enough nicotine in there to put much more than a little dent in nicotine cravings. This time I shelled out for an absolute beast which keeps its charge most of the day, and which gives me the nicotine I need. I'm now at the stage where I'm cutting back on nicotine, and ideally I'd like to start cutting back on using the ecig in a months. I know it's not for everyone, but having tried to quit cold turkey in the past, this was a total lifesaver.

I had a group of friends and family members that I'd share my progress with. I'd send screenshots from the Smoke Free app every time I unlocked a new achievement – there was one pal who didn't believe that I could do it this time, and so there's a very real satisfaction every time I send her a picture of another milestone that I've passed so she can suck on it.

The first few days were equal parts horrible and disgusting, I live in China so I had the double whammy of the nasty gunk I was coughing up from my lungs getting rid of all the nasties from the cigarettes combined with the gunk I cough up anyway from the pollution. I had a killer sore throat and I was coughing a lot for two weeks. That all made it really difficult to sleep so I was surviving on three or four hours for the first few days. It was totally grim, but a few horrible days is entirely worth it for how I'm feeling now.

A couple of weeks after I quit I heard about a 5K which was hosted by my employer, and I jumped on it. I'd say that having something to aim for where you really can't be a smoker anymore really helped encourage me to stay away from smoking. Running 5K might not be for everyone, but part of the reason I quit was because I had to stop to catch my breath walking up six flights of stairs to my apartment one day when the lift was out, and couldn't believe how massively out of shape I'd become, so it seemed like a pretty cool goal with that in mind.

Quitting was horrible to begin with, and the first two weeks are pretty horrible, but once you get past that everything gets better. Tasting food again has been amazing. Not stinking of stale smoke all the time has been great. Feeling healthier and being able to exercise has been brilliant. I have friends now that've never seen me smoke, and that's something that I'm still struggling to get my head around. It's difficult and miserable when you quit, but if you can get past the initial cravings, it's amazing how good you can feel by the end. 