I'm trying Chantix. Just started Week 2 of 12.

TL;DR: So far so good, noticing a range of effects. 

I would like to document my progress with Chantix and share it. If you guys are interested I'll answer questions and post updates. This is kind of long. Mostly about the drug, relevant background info about me is at the end. 

I'm currently starting my second week. This is day 1 of full dose and no cigarettes. 

Week 1 was mostly uneventful. During Week 1 I was allowed to smoke, and the dosage gradually increased.

First I'll go over the side effects. I had some oddly vivid dreams on Day 6. Slightly more vivid and memorable than usual. The kind that you still remember a few days later. Nothing major, first one was kinda sexual, second one was kinda violent. I was an observer, not a participant. I remembered more detail than usual and the content was interesting and a little disturbing, but these definitely were not nightmares. 

As for the desired effect, it's working very well. After a few days I started to lose interest in cigarrettes. On Day 4 I stayed up late drinking and smoked a pack (probably close to 2 total that day, plus vaping). The next day I only had 3 cigarettes. I smoked no more than 5 a day on the remaining two days. Today I've had zero, with one very minimal urge during lunch. Every time I smoked after day 4 it tasted bad, felt toxic and harmful, and had no reward to mask what the cigarettes were really doing to my body. 

There are also unexpected but desirable effects. It seems like Chantix has curbed my addictive personality entirely. I have a broad range of unhealthy habits that I've been wrestling with for years. I've found that every urge is weaker, and in most cases there is significantly less payoff when I act on them. I feel like I can finally exert control over several areas of my life without draining my willpower. I'm not any more motivated than I already was, I'm simply less drained from fighting with myself all the time. However, this can be a bad thing because I suspect Chantix indiscriminately interferes with established reward circuits. If I had a ton if good habits, or habits I didn't want to break, I'd be calling this anhedonia, which I believe is a commonly reported side effect. 

I researched the side effects and I'm reasonably concerned about them. I have a history of depression and I drink. I've had other mental health issues in the past where I mildly hallucinated and experienced intense paranoia and panic attacks coupled with manic episodes. It was a bad reaction to medication. If this works for me hopefully this will become a good account of the effects of this drug for people that may benefit from it. If not this will become yet another cautionary tale about the dangers of taking Chantix.

My impression at this point is the nicotine withdrawal will trigger the intense dreams, because the first oddly vivid ones happened on Day 6, after my nicotine intake had dropped significantly. I've read accounts where the dreams started several weeks in, and others where bad side effects started almost right away and they had to quit after a few days of taking the full dose.

I'm expecting the side effects I've been warned about to manifest at some point, but I've mostly kept it together through some pretty intense episodes in the past so it will take a lot to make me stop.

Background: 

Been smoking for 6-7 years, gradually smoking more and more. Started passing the pack a day mark recently. I'll go through a pack in a few hours on weekends when I'm drinking. Basically chain smoking whenever I have time, and often when I don't have time. I also vape while indoors.

I'm a big guy, athletic and muscular build with a little extra fluff. 6'3", 255 lbs, late 20's. The dose appears to be the same for everyone, so I wonder if my extremely mild side effects are related to my size and age.  


