1 month without cigarettes, no self-confidence

Hi all, I've never used Reddit before but am here on suggestion of my SmokeFree app.


It's been a month today since I stopped smoking cold turkey, after 5 years of being on about 10-15 a day. In all honesty, I haven't found the physical side of quitting very difficult; my cravings haven't been so bad, at least not bad enough that I'd be tempted to start again. But the psychological side has just been...ahh, pretty crushing tbh.


For a little bit of back-story, I was bullied very badly at school, so bad that I had to be removed when I was 14. I was too mentally unwell to go back or even to transfer, and so my anxieties sort of festered and I spent the next 3 years as a shut-in with no friends. Never went out, couldn't take public transport, didn't really know how to talk to anybody. It finally reached a breaking point where I just had to go out and start living my life, so I applied to go to college and was accepted. And that's why I started smoking.


I started smoking to make friends, to talk to people, because even if you have zero in common with a fellow smoker, at least you can talk about smoking, right? When you have serious anxiety, sometimes you walk funny or look unnatural and uncomfortable and looks from strangers just scream "what are you doing?"- but when you smoke, that's what you're doing. You're smoking. You can never look out-of-place when you smoke.
I have to say, my strategy worked. My confidence grew massively, I started taking the bus with ease, and I made some smoking friends (90% were complete dicks, 10% still my friends)- but 5 years down the line I just didn't want to do it anymore. I'm happier, I have some nice friends, a lovely boyfriend, hopes and dreams for the future, so why do I need this stupid habit anymore?


Well since I stopped I think I might be more miserable than I've ever felt in my life, because my confidence has just taken a complete nosedive. Now that the security blanket is gone, it's increasingly difficult to go outside on my own. I'm fine if I'm around other people, but on my own is just becoming impossible. For somebody that used to comfortably take several buses a day, I struggle to make it more than 10 minutes away from my house without wanting to crawl up in a ball and hyperventilate. I had to go into town to get my hair cut today and I had such an anxious cold sweat that the hairdresser was looking at me funny as it was all dripping into my fringe. I feel uglier without cigarettes, I feel more pointless without cigarettes, I feel more on show without cigarettes, because I have nothing to hide behind anymore. I've never made a friend, had a job, taken a bus as a "non-smoker". I've never properly lived as a "non-smoker".


I don't even know where I'm going with this to be perfectly honest, maybe I wanna know other people have felt the same, or some advice, or maybe I just need to get it out there to feel better. I don't know. I just knew I needed to write it all down somewhere.



TL;DR: I have zero confidence as a "non-smoker", and I have no idea how to move forward and become a confident, functioning human being without cigarettes.