Long post about my second half of 2015

About six months ago some friends really started getting on me to quit smoking, so I decided I would give it a true effort. Not like before where I was just thought to myself, "oh yea I can quit it's not a big deal." I mean a real try. I accepted and admitted that I was addicted, joined this sub, did NRT research, picked a quit date the whole shebang. With friends support and a little help from the patch I made it around 5 weeks. 

I was a pack a day smoker and I used the level two patch for about a week and a half. I was often forgetting to change it and that would turn into not wanting to wear the same patch for two days so I would just take it off. On the days I didn't have it on I didn't realize that I wasn't thinking about smoking. I eventually decided that I didn't need it anymore and quit wearing it all together.  Surprisingly it worked out just fine. I didn't have cravings nor did I worry about slipping. I was so over smoking, the smell the feeling the social stigma. I wanted nothing to do with it. Then work asked me to go back to night shift temporarily...

I had no idea that just going to night shift would be my downfall. I was right back on the bus. I couldn't exactly and I still don't really understand why I wanted to smoke so bad, but I did and I caved. I started thinking it would be alright if I just had one but that led to not wanting to be the guy bumming one or two smokes multiple times a week, so I ended up buying them again. I was only on nights for 5 weeks, but it ruined all my work. Maybe I'm just making an excuse for being weak. I'm not really sure. Everyone has their triggers and I'm sure you know what yours are. 

I started dating this girl right after I had quit smoking and she didn't approve of smoking so that helped a lot. But it also made me a piece of shit because when I got back on the bus she knew. She was like a bloodhound. Even if I only had one, two days before seeing her she could smell it. So I started chewing. I started hiding my smoking. Brushing constantly just to hide the smell, using mouthwash. Changing my socks just to make sure... I sound abso-fuckin-lutely ridiculous don't I? But that's what nicotine will do to you. All you worry about is when you are gonna get your next fix and you don't give a shit how. 

Today marks one week of zero nicotine for me. I haven't used the patch. I used my own will. If you want to quit smoking you can quit. But if you just think you'll give it a try you'll never make it. YOU HAVE TO WANT IT! I feel really good about this. And I'm really surprised how well it's been going! I even spent the first few days drunk on vacation and I didn't want it! At this point smoking smells horrible to me, thinking about chewing just makes me think about all the sores I had in my lip, and thinking that if I started again I would be hiding it from my wonderful girlfriend just makes me so disappointed. How could I do that to someone that supported me quitting so much?? 

Anyways I apologize for the long rant. I didn't post last time I quit, and I figure if I make a sort of announcement like this then I will feel more obliged to stick to my guns when that craving does come. If you read all this and you are already long done with tobacco, thanks for reading, and congratulations on quitting! I look so forward to being in your spot and saying I have been quit for x amount of time (x=really long time haha) if you read all this and you are considering quitting, try to take a couple things from me. Obviously I'm not a pro quitter yet but here's two things I realized; it's probably going to take more than one try to quit and stay quit, and also you have to want it. Mentally prepare yourself just like you did for the big game in high school. Just do whatever it may be that you need to do to get through your head that you are better without this shit! Seriously! I feel a million times better already and I'm only a week in! 

Thanks for reading, sorry for long ass post, congrats if you have quit, you can do it if you haven't, and all that other good shit that I should say at the end of this bastard of a post. 

🖕🏼🚬