Here we go again...*again*

Hi, it's me again.  Wasn't smoking, wasn't drinking, wasn't gaming, wasn't carbing.  Until I fell of the wagon *hard.*

My frequent and apparently half-hearted attempts to quit on or all of these things... over and over.. my entire adult life has left me a neurotic mess.  But I can't give up.  I know I'm driving my wife, my son, my coworkers and my family nuts with this shit.  I know the wife wishes to herself that I'd just be ok with smoking and drinking.  She smokes and drinks.  I can't be happy doing it any more.  How can you be satisfied knowing your a slave to an addictive poison?  That you're a chump being played and preyed on by the 'state sanctioned' addiction industry?  Once you peek under the attractive mask, how can you be okay with the horror you saw underneath?

I can't.  I'm either going to get stuffed into a nut-house, or I'm going to succeed and get off these drugs.  So!  Tomorrow is the 4th of July, and I'm trying again.  Here's to Un-Dependance day.

P.S.  I would have spared you all and posted this to r/stopdrinking, but I'm pretty sure the by-laws would mean a ban for me.  If anyone reading this is an stopdrinking mod, Hi!  It's me again.  Yes, *I know.*  ...and I'm sorry for all the work.

So, since I'm trying the patches again, I'll be putting one on tonight right before I go to bed.  I'll see you all tomorrow.

P.P.S.  Yes, I know about Alan Carr. I've read him multiple times.  It just doesn't work for me.  I've tried.  Several times.  Cold turkey I'm not even going to go near.  Hypnosis?  Been there, done that, no effect.  Acupuncture?  Ditto.  Lozenges?  Nah, like the patches better.  I can eat at the same time!  What I think *would* work for me would be a large, brooding man that would follow me around 24/7, night and day, and would just BitchSlap (tm) me any time I so much as entertained the thought.

Anyway... sorry for dragging it out.  I'll have a patch on tomorrow, hopefully in better spirits.  I found out yesterday my son has apparently moved up from vaping to smoking.  Let me tell you about how proud a parent I am right now.

TL;DR: I'm trying again, tomorrow.