Today, I'm finally done with smoking[DAY 1]

After months smoking, I finally decided to quit to this day and hopefully not touch a cigarette ever again. 

I started smoking when I got to the lowest point in my life, I started skipping school, the first-ever time that came to my realization that I was actually depressed, socially anxious and just fed up with everything happening around me. But luckily after a couple of months of feeling so down, I expressed my emotions towards my friends, which actually helped me a lot and motivated me to care about my future career plans as I am in my last year of college, started going to the gym again, eating healthily and making use of my time effectively, however, some days when I wake up, the feeling of depression still arises, and to this day I was still smoking regularly, often times a 30g pouch of tobacco will be gone by the end of the week. Somehow, it helped me relax and destress out, especially during the times when I was working, as my workplace was a bar/restaurant where I am dealing with an immense number of people coming in and out, accumulating stress but smoking was a very relieving process to cope with the this.

I knew that cigarettes had no beneficial impact at all and I continued doing it, and the side effects were becoming clear to me as my cardiovascular health was not as efficient as before during my gym workouts, often times the meals I use to enjoy started to taste very bland and other general things like my hygiene as I smelt like smoke most of the time. Nonetheless, I still didn't stop until deciding today. I rolled a straight like I usually do but after taking a few tokes from this, I felt very nauseous and sick. This made me realized and questioned myself, why the fuck did I start smoking when nothing positive comes from it. This was enough to discourage me to touch any tobacco product again and hopefully stop forever. I am very glad making this decision and felt a huge surge of motivation of keeping my life straight together and a step forward to help with my mental health problems.
I will be updating this sub every day so I will be disciplined enough!.
Thank you for reading guys, I hope you make the same decision with me :). 
