4 days in.. Good lord..

I've been smoking close to a pack a day since I was 19, I'm 27 now. I have tried to quit a few times but could never last that long. On wednesday I had my last two wisdom teeth removed. They strongly advise you not to smoke after the procedure but when I had my first two pulled a year ago I smoked right after by simultaneously biting down on a wet gauze over the open wounds. I really did not want to risk getting a dry socket this time though, I felt like I got lucky last year.. So I decided not to smoke. Not because I am super consciously motivated to quit, but more due to the circumstances I just mentioned. I didn't have my "last cigarette", in my mind. But I guess people that do have theirs go through the same feelings I am right now so who knows if that even makes a difference.. 

Over the past few months I keep getting told that I need to quit soon, primarily by my parents, my girlfriend, and her parents.. and they are all very involved right now encouraging me to keep this going. So it has however been a thought in the back of my mind for a while. I do want to quit before the age of 30 at the latest. My girlfriend likes to hint at me that if I want to have kids I need to quit a while before that. Which gets to me because I would love to have children with her at one point. But man I feel like shit. I am not getting any enjoyment out of anything. I have pretty intense nightmares every night (wake up twice minimum), and I'm just paranoid about every little thing during the day. It hasn't been excruciating but it has been difficult. Yesterday was the worst, I just bitched and whined constantly. I'm restless and anxious because I think I get so unbearable I'll ruin all the great things I have in my life.. Which is probably very far from the truth. I keep thinking that having one cigarette will make everything alright. I am quite proud of myself for having gotten through these couple days, but I am scared that I'll just go back to my same old habit once the wounds in my mouth are fully healed up (they are closed enough to smoke already now).. Which would not be worth it. I would love to get to the point where I could treat cigarettes similarly to the way I treat weed (which I was also addicted to in my university years, smoked it every day) but now I just smoke it every once in a while, always in a social setting and there is never less than a month between the times I do either. So like maybe if I have a few drinks with other people I have one.. Or just never smoke again.. I don't know, I'm going slightly crazy. I would love for this to be the end of me being a smoker. I guess I wanted to post this here because I really wanted to go off about it. And I very much wanted to know if others also had/are having problems sleeping and what they did/do to help this.. Sleeping pills? And what about all the mood swings? How long do these last? Thank you thank you thank you. 