I just need to vent my frustrations because I am having a lot of anxiety and smoking is part of that anxiety...its long

I smoked for 10 years and quit almost 5 years ago. Best decision I have ever made. For those of you out there that are just beginning their quit or struggling to maintain a quit keep at it. It really does get much easier as time goes on. The first month is the hardest but it does get much easier and I enjoy commenting on these posts and congratulating people for making the decision to quit and maintaining a quit. I also like to post encouragement to those who have relapsed but are trying again. And I love congratulating people hitting those milestones. I remember how excited I was to make it to the one year mark! Quitting will be the best decision you have ever made!

This post is not about my persoal quit (well, it plays a part but it is not the whole story). I just need support and this has been the most supportive community I have ever been a part of and I just need to get this out. This will be long. You don't have to read it. I just need to post it.

I quit smoking when I was 27 and am now 32, coming up on that five year milestone! I couldn't be more proud of myself for maintaining my quit. There have been a few times that I have thought about picking up a cigarette, but I am always able to remind myself that I am not a smoker anymore and to start again would be have devastating consequences. But those random cravings are very, very few and very, very far apart and they are not at all like the cravings I had as a smoker.

So much has happened in my life since I have quit! Good things. Things that make me happy. I am bipolar type 1 and since quitting I have been free of mania for years now and have been able to keep the depression at bay (most of the time). But now I feel like I am slipping. I am crying as I type this because I feel so overwhelmed with things going on in my life and I am beginning to struggle with depression again. I was doing so well that I had even forgotten what depression feels like. I can hide it, for the most part but it comes out in other ways. I am gaining weight again. I haven't been doing any physical activity despite paying for a gym membership every month...despite paying for a personal trainer to help motivate me...despite paying for weight watchers while I continue to gain weight because I always tell myself that I will get back on track next week..or the week after next knowing full well the health consequences like heart or vascular disease and diabetes. I do not take care of myself despite knowing that I am ruining my body. Quitting smoking and maintaining my quit is the only healthy thing I have done for myself in the past year. But I replaced the addiction with food. I have struggled with my weight since jr high when I was put on all kinds of medications to try to treat my mental health issues. I actually did not get an accurate diagnosis until I was in my 20s. The drs kept putting me on antidepressants which made it hard to control my weight and caused me to be even more manic and psychotic. It was really, really hard. Especially since I didn't realize that what I was going through was cycles of mental health crsis. I thought I was just a really bad, horrible person who would one day go to hell for being such a bad person. I had several suicide attempts and many, many stays in psych hospitals. Actually, psych hospitals encouraged me to smoke because at that time nurses would still take people out for cigarette breaks and I had already started smoking now and then but I became more addicted in the psych hospitals because smoking meant I got to go outside and it provided distraction.

When I was in my mid twenties I discovered that my mom was a closet smoker. My dad even started smoking. I have no idea how long my mom had been smoking. I think she used it as a way to decompress after dealing with a severely mentally ill child. My parents were always on the verge of losing the house and not having money to buy food and pay the bills. My dad wasn't working and we were living off my mom's walmart paycheck. Not just the three of us but 6 of us. I have 3 younger brothers. All of them hated me growing up. I felt like my family hated me in general. When I realized that my mom was smoking I would join her for a cigarette or two several times a day because I wanted so badly to bond with her. I ended up moving in with my grandma. My aunt was also there. She was a heavy smoker despite battling terminal cancer. She would always let me smoke with her. It became a social thing. My aunt was a very mentally ill person who created a lot of hateful drama within the family, but she was someone I could talk to. She ended up passing a way shortly after my quit. It was not cancer related, it was murder. But that is another story and not the focus of this.

So eventually I found a medication combo that worked for me. I finally was being appropriately treated thanks to an amazing psychiatrist, some really great social workers and lots of therapy. I was granted disability and am even in the process of getting my student loans that I wracked up forgiven. I was never able to stay stable enough to finish classes, despite how hard I tried. Its a new chance at life. After my loans are forgiven I will have another shot at going to school. I have plans. And I know I will be stable enough to achieve my goals. I also met a wonderful man who became my best friend. We talk every day and over the past 7 years he has been my rock and we have spent almost every day together since then. And if we don't see each other we still talk on the phone and text. I cannot even begin to express what a blessing he has been in my life. He even helped my come out to my family and was very supportive through the whole thing (he was the first person I came out to). I also started building positive relationships with my parents, grandmother and brothers. Something I had never had before. I feel like we are finally a family.

But my mom still smokes. She switched to vaping but vaping is just as bad as cigarettes. It is also as addictive as cigarettes. It carries the same health risks. What people think is vapor they are breathing in is actually aerosol and there are still cancer causing chemicals in the "vapor". It is not widely regulated so there is no standard of ingredients or doses but it is just as if not more deadly. I see my mom taking hits off the e cigarette constantly. Even more than I ever saw her smoke when she was still smoking traditional cigarettes. I breaks my heart. It makes me break down in tears when I think about it. 

My mom is the best person you will ever meet. She is so selfless. She does everything for everyone and asks nothing in return. She works hospice and I know that she is a blessing to her clients and the families she works with, often staying in touch with family members long after their loved ones have passed. Since I have become stable my relationship with my parents has blossomed.  I do everything with them. I talk to them every day and stay at their house sometimes for a week just so I can spend time bonding with them. I finally have a good, healthy relationship with my mom and dad. My dad quit smoking when I did and I am not sure how long he was a smoker before then. I have no idea how long my mom has been smoking. I know she smoked before she was pregnant with me and I think she started picking up smoking again when I was beginning to slip into major mental illness around age 11. I tell her to quit almost every time I see her vaping. I tell her how much I love her and how I need her around in my life and that I do not want her to get cancer and suffer. She tells me to be quiet. I don't know how to handle that because I don't want to let this drive a wedge between us when we have worked so hard to rebuild our relationship. My mom doesn't eat any sugar or carbs. She is very healthy despite being a little overweight. She is active. She is always doing something for someone. She works hospice and sees what cancer does to people in their last stages of life. But she still won't quit.

My dad's step brother's wife is in the process of dying form breast cancer that spread to her brain and spine. She has two teenage daughters. Her youngest daughter will be having a birthday in two days and they don't know if she will live to see her daughter's 15th birthday. Though we are not close with my dad's side of the family my mom is friends with her on facebook and when she read the post about being in end stages of cancer my mom took it hard. Because my mom has seen it before in other families. My mom has been reading her journal entries, documenting every part of her journey since the fist diagnosis. My mom is a very empathetic person. My mom feels for those girls and their father and grandparents. 

Even though I quit 5 years ago I know I still have an elevated risk of cancer. So does every smoker. A lot of people diagnosed with cancer caused by smoking had quit years, if not decades before. It happens. It's a real thing. That makes me so incredibly scared, not just for myself but for my mom. I don't know if I would ever be able to "handle" it if my mom was diagnosed with devastating health issues from smoking god damn mother fucking cigarettes or vape. I think about it all the time and it makes me instantly feel like I am having a panic attack. I just cry.

Since getting stable I have been tutoring in adult literacy and volunteering at a local suicide hotline with my parents support. I don't drive. I had a seizure 10 years ago and even though I am on meds for bipolar disorder that are also used to treat seizures I was too scared to get behind the wheel again. I have also developed a permanent neurological condition as a side effect of my meds. Several times a day, sometimes for hours at a time, my eyes will roll back in  my head and get stuck there for hours. It is painful and scary and I did not feel safe driving in case it would happen while I was driving. The good news is that I found a medication to manage the symptoms and haven't had an episode in over a year. It's incredible. My parents drive me 40 minutes one way so I can work my scheduled shifts at the hotline. They are very supportive. But it can be a very stressful job. They encourage and support me in every way that I need to be successful. I talk to people at their lowest point in their lives and hopefully by the end of the conversation they take away something positive. But there are hard calls, including one I had today from a woman dying of cancer.

As I mentioned, I don't drive or work. I do want to find a part time job but I need to be able to drive first. I put a lot of effort into finding a dr and getting everything I needed to do (3 EEGs) but have not been able to find a new primary care dr to sign my paperwork. I tell everyone I am still working on it, but I am not. It's not that I don't want to drive. I know it would be very freeing for me and open the door to more opportunities and I know my grandmother really wants me to take over driving for her. But I am just so anxious and depressed and I am trying to hide it and I am desperately trying to find a new psychiatrist to fill my life saving medications but I keep getting passed around within the nonprofits and it is a constant battle to get mental health care. So I just gave up on the driving. I gave up on weight watchers. I gave up working out. I gave up eating healthy even though I know it will lead to type two diabetes. My sleep is erratic and all over the place. I am on edge all the time. I actually had a fucking cigarette craving the other day when I smelled someone smoking. What the fuck!

I just needed to get all of this off my chest. My mom's dependence on nicotine scares the shit out of me. Knowing that I can still get cancer doesn't scare me as much as my mom possibly getting cancer. I don't know how to cope with this new wave of depression. I am trying not to let it derail me, but its hard.

Cigarettes are fucking evil. They rob us of our health. They rob us of our loved ones' health. They tear people apart. But they are so addictive that even people who see what cancer does to the human body rationalize that it is still ok for them to smoke. That it happens to other people. Not them. It's insane. People who smoke are insane. But I have been there, I was a smoker. I quit. I know there are still consequences. But my quitting smoking does not make me happy because I know how nicotine can lie to you and makes you believe nothing will happen to you, that it only happens to other people.... rational people still think they can quit before anything bad happens. It's all bullshit. It's insane. And even though I quit almost 5 years ago it still makes me unravel. I will never be free of it as long as my loved ones continue to smoke/vape. It is so incredibly toxic. I just want to be free of it, but I know that I never will be. I will never smoke again. But as long as people I know and love still smoke, even if they quit now, I will never be free of it. It will always be looming over me.

If you are having trouble quitting, reach out. The people on this sub are amazing. They will help give you the support you need to be successful. I know everyone says that you can't quit for other people and that you have to want to quit for yourself. I think that is bullshit too. You absolutely should think about the people in your life and how devastating it would be to them if you developed serious health consequences. If you can't keep it together enough to quir for yourself, do it for your loved ones. Don't let cigarettes rob you of your health. Don't let cigarettes rob your loved ones of the precious gift of your life. Don't let it rob of you of your life and quality of life. If you can't quit smoking for yourself, think of your family and friends. Smoking really is very selfish when it comes down to it. If you stumble along the path of your quit, get up and try, try again! Your life depends on it.

For more information on quitting smoking visit whyquit.com
It has a lot of great information. It helped me maintain my quit after I initially quit. 

TL;DR Smoking can still have devastating consequences for you and your loved ones even if you do quit. The damage is done. To minimize the effects of smoking related health issues...QUIT NOW! 
Do it for you, but also do it for your loved ones. Speaking from personal experience, they are all worried about you and your smoking addiction. 
