Quit Smoking with Hypnosis

I wrote this for a friend but thought it might be helpful here - please excuse the stream of consciousness:

Here's a little summary of my feelings about this.  Since it's only been a little over a month, I'm still in touch with my feelings prior to quitting vs. now.  I hope you excuse the length but I've been thinking about this for some time and it's interesting for me to write this down.

When I was smoking I was stuck in this kind of "vicious circle".  Intellectually I knew that I probably would not like to smoke on some abstract/rational/health related level.  However, on a lower level that I could not control, I was a slave to having that next cigarette.  This "lower level" was deeper than I generally could access with my conscious/rational mind.  But it exists and it is deeply influenced by the physical addiction to nicotine.  Now, I also very much recognized that my desire to have that next cigarette was created SOLELY by the fact that I have recently had cigarettes in my past.  Cigarettes are fulfilling the need that they themselves create - so if I could just break that subconscious/physical cycle for a few days, I would have a chance to let my rational mind take over.  Then I could make a more conscious decision to stop smoking.

I think the thing that happens when your conscious mind starts thinking about QUITTING is this kind of deep underlying SUBCONSCIOUS FEAR that appears uncontrollably in your mind.  The subconscious mind is WAITING and EXPECTING that next fix.  Now the conscious mind starts saying, the word QUIT.  This is what the subconscious mind hears - you are not allowed to have another cigarette to satisfy your needs for THE REST OF YOUR LIFE.  Just thinking about this subconsciously causes PANIC and most likely without you knowing, you will be urged to have your next cigarette IMMEDIATELY so that the subconscious can prove to itself that this notion of quitting is baloney and prove via action that you are not going to quit.  I think hypnosis can address this fear.  Note also that this fear is really UNFOUNDED.  The reason it is unfounded is because, as was noted, cigarettes themselves create the need for cigarettes.  So if you can break that cycle, it will not be scary to you to think that you will never have another cigarette in your life.  It is only scary to your subconscious now because of the current addiction.

Now, I'm still feeling some pangs and there are days when I think that rationally choosing to smoke is not such a bad idea.  Smoking for me takes my mind off of other worries, since my worrying module in my mind is mostly fixated on when I am going to have that next cigarette.  However, I am  noticing benefits that I forgot about when I was not smoking - these include enjoying some of the smaller details of life like eating, sleeping better and even being with my children more (instead of fixating always on when can I get away from them to have my next cigarette break for example).  So overall, I think rationally it still makes sense to stop (so far :->).  Who knows, I may consciously choose to relapse at some point in the future.  However, I need to be aware that having that next puff should probably be deemed a decision to say that I am back to being a heavy smoker.

Now, I was never a big believer in things like Hypnosis or for example Accupuncture - being a very rational minded/non mystic/atheistic type person.  However, I am now a believer in both (accupuncture is a different story).  I recently read a few books on the brain that were really interesting - a book I highly recommend is called "On Intelligence" by Jeff Hawkins - who invented the palm pilot.  Reading these books (which were really great), reinforced the idea to me that there are portions of my mind that just operate without my conscious/rational thinking.  I am not in control of myself it seems, but perhaps I often do things without knowing why and then rationalize why I did them afterwards!

Now, I did have great success with hypnosis about 8 years ago when my first son was born.  I went to a hypnotist ONE time and quit for the next 5 years.  Then I relapsed for the last few years.  During the relapse, I went to the same hypnotist and the session did NOT work.  This time, I went to a different hypnotist and I'm over the first few days (been a month).  I'll detail why I think that one session was different and failed vs. the two successful ones.

I think hypnosis speaks to that uncontrollable lower level of the mind.  I go in with a very open mind and try to relax and get into a quasi dreamlike state where my mind is wandering and almost not listening at all to what the hypnotist is saying.  If it works, it feels like my mind is drifting as if I am half asleep and half awake, and the words that the hypnotist are saying are not even registering but washing over me.  I think this state is a GOOD thing where you are not focusing but just being relaxed.  The hypnosis session that did NOT work, I was not comfortable in the chair and could not get into that dreamlike state and every word she said registered.  The two sessions that work, I went into that dreamlike state at least for a short time during the session.  The recent hypnotist that I went to had a very comfortable cot and a blanket - I think that part about being comfortable for me is very important.  So an uncomfortable chair is enough to ruin the session whereas lying down in a comfortable cot helped a lot.

Now some people probably are not going to be as suggestible as I am, but it's worth a shot I believe with a VERY OPEN mind - if you have too much skepticism, I think that will detract from the session which requires relaxation and TRUST in the hypnotist.  For me it is the ONLY thing that has worked to make me stop smoking for over 24 hours in the last 3 years.  Actually, I think it is OK to be a bit skeptical which you may not be able to help, but you should be OPEN to trying to do the things the hypnotist is saying to you as  much as possible - i.e. when they tell you to relax, you really try to relax as much as you can.  That is probably what is important as opposed to trying to convince yourself a priori that it is going to work.

The things I asked this hypnotist to talk about are things like:  
- I want to break the vicious circle.
- I want to address the fear and show that the
  fear is UNFOUNDED because of the
  false "need" that cigarettes themselves
  create.
- I should feel sorry for people still trapped
  in the vicious cycle.
- So mostly focusing on benefits of not
  smoking + the fact that the NEED is not
  a real need but a self perpetuating need
  that CAN be broken.

So I would recommend doing some research and finding a good hypnotist that does stop smoking sessions and go in with an open mind and see if you can get into this dreamlike state.  It's almost miraculous that I can go in and listen to some person for 30 minutes and have that help me stop smoking.  This works whereas, filters/patches/willpower/gum etc.. don't work at all for me.  My mind is a fucked up and bizarre thing.  Maybe it's just me though...
