Smoked for 20 years, secret smoker for 2.5 years.. finally quit two weeks ago but have noone to talk to about it.

Hi /r/stopsmoking, this is a throwaway account as I don't want my wife, family or friends to know about my shame.

I have been smoking cigarettes and tobacco since I was 14 years old, almost 20 years. Since I was 19 I have also smoked weed. My wife, whom I have been with since 2008, is a non smoker and hated the fact that I smoked. She would constantly tell me that I smell disgusting and to change my top after every cig or let her rage get the better of her if I had a joint and spark up a fight.

When our son was born, I had completely given up the weed and even attempted to stop smoking the cigs. The thing is, I couldn't stop and my wife told me this when we found out we were expecting...

"If you don't stop smoking, you can't see your baby".

I didn't know what to do... so I fucking lied about it. I lied through my teeth and told her I stopped smoking. It is probably the worst thing I could have done... I told her I had quit ... but I didn't tell her I still smoked at work. 

I have been secretly smoking for 2.5 years.

I was in a very high stress job where the only release from the stress was to take 5 and go outside for a smoke break (its either that or bang your head on the wall). I couldn't quit right there and then, my head just kind of... stopped me, convinced me that I need the nicotene to stay on top of my game. I can't explain it but my brain just told me to keep going. I was ashamed of this, of what I had become in order to avoid an argument and fights about it. I used to carry alcohol hand gel and sprays in my work bag, wash my hands and face thoroughly before leaving work everyday, make sure there was at least an hour of no smoking before I got home... it was a life of misery, shame and I was not proud of it. All because I wanted to put this stupid white tube to my mouth and breath in the fumes.. it doesn't make sense when I think about it.. when my son was born that should have been the complete end of it all.. but no... I couldn't do it.

Another thing I did was make excuses to do things that would get me out of the house for an hour or so. I would offer to go out and do the grocery shopping, do recycling runs in the car, donate old books... whatever.. I didn't care.. as long as I got out of the house for a bit so I could have my smoke, do the thing I said that I went out to do and then return home not smelling at all. Eventually we bought our first house when my son was a bit older. There was a period of about 6 weeks before we moved in and the house needed a lot of work. Of course I jumped onto that and pretty much spent all my free time there doing the house up but of course.. having smoke breaks when needed. Eventually we moved in so I just carried on smoking at work and that ritual of washing my hands and face before coming home.

There were several problems from doing all this secret smoking: Every night, I would crave the nicotene, get itchy, fidget on the sofa, find ways to distract my mind from wanting to just tell my wife that I wanted to smoke and be done with it... but I knew that if I did, she would find out that I had been lying to her for 2 and a half years and that would be it.. divorced, single parent and a mortgage that can only be afforded by both of us (seriously, she would if she ever found out I was lying to her).

I have now been smoke free since just before Christmas (hooray for me?).

The only problem with this is that I have absolutely noone to talk to about this (this is my own doing and I take full responsibility for that) as its my secret shame and noone knows about it. I want to tell people 'hey, i am now 2-3 weeks smoke free and i feel AMAZING!' but I do not have that option due to the secrecy and for fear that my wife will ever find out.

But you know what.. I actually feel really good about myself since I got over the initial cravings. I am starting to feel like I don't need nicotene at all.. but I still crave them.. all my friends smoke, a lot at work too.

So, that is my story up until recently. I had to use a throwaway for obvious reasons and there is a lot more to this than what I have splurged out in my text above. Please feel free to ask me anything and I will do my best to answer your questions (or even give me some encouragement to keep going if you like!). Please don't gift gold or anything like that, just donate money to a charity instead.

TLDR: Been smoking 20 years, secret smoking for 2.5 years. Had secret rituals and habits that I was not proud of. Quit just before Christmas but got noone to talk to.