A user guide to help you quit - 1 puff is enough - hope this helps

During my journey, I have found alot of " quit" information that is general, but never provides you with a walkthrough or guide to help. Its sad that the resources spent on trying to help smokers leave this addiction dont really help us ( in my opinion) 

This is to be meant as a userguide or manual that helped me, short and sweet to help you drive away this addiction. 

I am not a doctor, always speak with a medical professional about all of this stuff and what im saying is my opinion. 

12 steps 

1) I made the decision to quit
2) I slowly weened myself off cigarettes to a lower amount, approximately 6 per day. 
3) I switched to salt nicotine and a vaping device. Understand though that this is a crutch, it helped me BUT you will still crave a cigarette, but you must fight through it. 
4) the rule of 3's will hit you. 3 days (chemical addiction), 3 weeks ( psychological) , 3 months ( the let your guard down).... DONT TOUCH A CIGARETTE. 
5) be ready for the rollercoaster, your mind will trick you in ways you never thought possible to get you to have a cigarette.  Depression, crying, anger, and most importantly anxiety will have you thinking you wont be able to handle life without it is only in your head. 
6) gums, patches, any type of NRT may assist, use whatever works for you to help. 
7) accupuncture, hypnosis, counselling may assist you as well
8) read allen carrs the easy way, it will help you understand that smoking is a facade, and when you reacg the moments of clarity when you are cigarette free, you will understand what hes talking about. Smoking is in your head, and what it does " for you" is a parlour trick. 
9) this is a bumpy ride, if you fall off, get back on immediately, you can do it. Understand that you have associated going for a walk outside everyhour or before bed or in the morning with a reward of engineered dopamine that tricks your mind into developing an emotional addiction. The longer and more you have smoked is something to be aware of and to understand this helps you move through the process. 
10) watch youtube videos, google articles about how these cigarettes are engineered to mind F%#k you and hook you. 
11) you will be ok, if you fall talk to friends, family, online forums, treat this like an addiction because it is an insidious nightmare that continuously tries to mind f&amp;%k you. 
12) accept all the madness that goes through your mind and push through, when you get the first " i dont crave a cigarette right now" which happened for me at 3 weeks, you will know youre doing something right and continue to push through the storm, ride it out and use the disctractions. Put into your mind that 1 puff is enough to hook you back in but dont be afraid, eventually you'll get there. 


Hope this helps anybody going through the journey 


Cheers 