Enough is Enough, Today is my Day

10 year (gosh...) pack a day smoker (American Spirits)

I was going to quick tomorrow after a big thing I have due. But no more excuses, I need to saddle up.

I used to have the most beautiful smile. Over the last year or so, I'd catch it in the mirror and ask myself, "Are my teeth really that yellow, or is it the lighting?" Now, I've noticed I have a receding gum line and I cannot let myself lose teeth for such a dumb habit.

I have missed so many opportunities due to a smaller budget to make room for this habit! At $10 a day, it comes out to roughly $300 per month, or $3,600 a year (not including days I bought two packs because of drinking or I was way over-stressed)! I could have traveled with friends! I could have eaten delicious food at higher end restaurants. Hell, I could have even gotten a decent down payment on a new car.

I've lost love over this... I've had smoking contribute to varying degrees to two break ups over the last three years. One of the women was wife material, and because of the smell she was disgusted. Because of my limited funds, I couldn't treat her to more dates, gifts, etc. that I feel she really deserved. 

I used to be fit! Back in college, I was an avid runner and played lacrosse. Now... ugh, I have trouble chasing my nephew around. I'm winded after little exertion. It's a disgrace to let the human body degrade faster than time will inevitably force, especially when I was so handsome and healthy!

Time... I could have been working on projects to better my life instead of outside smoking away. 

And it made me a liar. "Semihomemade, did you smoke?" "No/Yeah, a while ago, I don't know why it's still on me..." I try to be the best and most moral form of myself and I'm a liar to the people who care about me? Come on, get yourself together... you know better.

So today is it. No more excuses. No more allowances of "just one more." I kicked the habit for 6 months a few years ago, that was my first opportunity and one that could have avoided a lot of issues I'll see in the future if I don't quit. I owe it to myself to be better and to live a happier/healthier life.

So, that last cigarette was my last one. I promise.