Is it normal to feel like this after quitting?

Quick summary of my smoking habit; started smoking last year around March after a nasty breakup as a way to cope I guess, I've been smoking around 4\-6 cigarettes a day for a whole year, which isn't too much compared to other folks. I decided to go cold turkey after a heavy night of drinking and smoking exactly a month ago today. No smoking, no caffeine, no alcohol. First week was good, despite having cold\-like symptoms like a scratchy throat with thick clear mucus \(sorry if its tmi\). This lasted for about a week and then I was good for another week, although I've started noticing some light symptoms like slight light\-headedness when I stood up and sometimes general brain fog would creep in. I ignored them and got on with my work in school, until I woke up with muscle stiffness, a headache, dizziness and extreme brain fog followed with bouts of anxiety because I thought I was having a stroke or something. I went to get blood tests done, everything came back clear, and I just shook it off. The brain fog is the worst and fatigue too. I could sleep for 9\+ hours and wake up still tired and could barely keep my eyes open for the entire day, I'd also experience light headedness when I'd stand up and my blood sugars seem to be whack, which gets better once I eat but eventually it would wear off. While I smoked I use to be able to to go almost and entire day if I so pleased without eating just surviving on cigarettes but that was rare, now I cant go 3 hours without eating. The first week of this was the worst, and now Im nearing the end of the second week of this nightmare, while the dizziness is gone I still get brain fog and fatigue and irritability, headaches and sinus pressure but it is starting to get a little manageable. Its kind of like a one step forward two steps back kind of process. Im considering just starting smoking again just to get rid of this feeling. Anyone else have stories like this? I need a bit of light for this never ending tunnel.