Seven whole days!

Yay! One whole week!

I've written before that I don't really remember much from my failed quit of 8 years back other than it being not a lot of fun, but I do know that a lot of the things people say to expect the first week of quitting is not accurate to my experience.

I'm still not sleeping properly, and while it is better than it was on the 2nd and 3rd night, I am still waking up - which is something I never do. It has nothing to do with what I'm eating, drinking or doing beforehand - I've had the same schedule for the better part of my life. I *really* hope that this stops soon, because it is frustrating as hell. With this said, I do *not* want to take medicine in order to sleep throughout the night.

Caffeine has absolutely no more effect on me than it did when I was smoking, however coffee itself tastes much more strongly than it did before.

I still have very frequent daily cravings, but for me they do not last "3 to 5 minutes". They last at least an hour if not more, and are especially bad after I eat. I noticed that during the last 3 days, two were pretty good (with lesser cravings) and the one in between them was a nightmare. And yes - these cravings are timed. I don't mean that they *feel* as though they last an hour.

With that negative stuff said, everything tastes and smells more vibrant, which is really awesome.

I can't tolerate the smell of cigarette smoke from a fresh exhale at all, even outside. It makes me want to throw up. Lingering smoke doesn't bother me at all, and that includes being a trigger - so that's pretty great.

My mood is loads better than it was - I don't feel like crying any longer, and I haven't gotten oddly angry at little things in several days.

My bathroom trips are (*thankfully*) stablized again. I'm *fairly* more focused than I've been since I quit, and I'm neither restless or have strong feelings of anxiety.

All in all, it is going pretty great, and I'm proud of myself. A big thanks to those of you who have taken the time to respond to my moaning last week - it helped and I needed it.

/ end of attention whoring post