90 Days!

I hit 90 Days today and wanted to drop in to give some encouragement to everyone out there just starting, or struggling to keep their quit.  I'm still very protective of my quit, because 90 Days really isn't all that long, but I no longer FEEL like a smoker.  My triggers are few and far between now adays and when they come I know how to handle them and get through them without smoking.

I've been through several very intensely stressful and emotional situations in the past 2 months and managed through all of it without picking up a cigarette. Situations that would have had me smoking like a chimney before...and this for me has been my biggest success.  This for me has been the psychological change, I really DON'T  need cigarettes. I don't want them.  I hate them.  I really do.

My trick for handling cravings is active distraction.  Every time I want to smoke (which is rare, haven't had a craving in weeks now) I actively do something else.  I started running when I quit smoking and I still do that, it REALLY helps. Puzzles, origami, knitting, crosswords, house cleaning....anything really.  The craving DOES pass.  Just get through each one, one at a time.

I also had to quit with cigarettes all around me.  My husband is still a smoker, so they were always available. I saw them, I smelled them, I watched my hubby go through all of the smoking 'rituals' a I went through. I bought a massive bag of Popsicles and ate those in replacement of smoking... I forced myself to go outside with him while he smoked, I'd  see the pack on the counter and resist...in the beginning it was so hard and I was so pissed I remember screaming and crying into a pillow because it was SO FUCKING HARD.  Now? I toss full packs aside while I'm cleaning house without even thinking about it....they're in coat pockets or the car and I don't even give it a second thought.  IT DOES  get better,  so much easier.

I am FREE. Living with a smoker is revealing.  I no longer have to go outside when it's 15 degrees to smoke.  I don't need to worry about running to the store on a holiday because a I ran out of smokes, or be pissed because I lost my lighter.  I don't have to make excuses and "white lies" to my kids to sneak outside to smoke before we watch a movie. I don't have to worry about my breath when I want to tackle my husband for a kiss. I don't smell like an ashtray.  I can kiss and hug my kids whenever I want to without guilt that they're going to smell like cigarettes. I'm not chained to the number of cigarettes in my pack...and I'm not throwing thousands of dollars into something that will do nothing FOR ME in the long run but make me sick. I am FREE.  

So today at day 90 I just wanted to say that it gets easier.  The anger goes away, the cravings tame some and your daily life doesn't involve cigarettes anymore and it's normal to not think about it for days at a time. Cravings come, it's important to stay vigilant, but it's so, so much easier.  Keep it up.  You can do it! It's worth  it! BE FREE!!!