The Opportunity of Environment - Take the Red Pill

Hello fellow quitters -- Day 5 guy of non-smoking here, and around the same for non-drinking...oof. I'd like to share what I currently consider to be an important piece of my experience in the hopes it can help others entering (or soon choosing to enter) into a similar situation.

(And selfishly, writing to you all really helps keep me honest)

The short of it -- I'm 29, and recently moved back in with my NJ dad this past weekend from my apt in Manhattan. The plan is for it to be relatively short stint, but currently indefinite. Without belaboring all the facets of why the move just occurred, I wanted to acknowledge something I guess I'll call, "the opportunity of environment."

Nothing super new here -- but we all experience classic conditioning without realizing it:
*The morning coffee smoke in the same spot on the street.
*The relief smoke after completing a task at work.
*(For me) The run to grab a six-pack so I could time it to my evening Netflix. Blah, blah, blah -- many other mundane things. 

Routines, habits, triggers. I've been such a slave to them.

Last week, I was HEAVILY wavering about my move -- mostly due to constantly concealing my very bad habits from those around me -- and how I would handle those addictions...my future with or without them. I finally decided the opportunity of a changing environment was far too great to let go, and therefore, so was the related opportunity of forming new, better, lifelong habits.

I'm still in the DEEP end of fighting the fight, and cravings have been brutal at times...but I have to believe I flipped the switch that has put my train on a different track. I need that to be so.

So lastly, I want to make clear -- I don't believe in running away from problems is ever the healthy way (I've got a lot of that, and lost a lot of good people in the process), but IF an environmental change presents itself to you soon...don't waste it. And if it doesn't, don't waste your time waiting for one. (I can tell you I've been on both sides of that choice, and so far, I like this one better. :) )

Thank you to everyone on this sub and /r/stopdrinking -- I owe your kind words and pieces of advice so dearly, and no doubt, will continue to need help. You're invaluable. Onto day 6!

tldr; Red or blue pill. If an opportunity to change your environment presents itself (without hurting other parts of your life) -- use it as a baptism to forming new routines. :) Much love.