My Story

I had never smoked a cigarette until I went to College. It was around this time exactly five years ago that I picked up the habit. I just moved to a new city, and I met up with a friend who I hadn't seen in years. He had bummed a Djarum Black off of one of the kids from his dorm. He offered me a puff. I wouldn't say I was naive, but I wanted to experience it for myself. I really don't remember if it was that night or a night shortly after that, but we walked everywhere around town looking for this particular brand of cigarette. When we finally got our hands on them, I smoked one to myself. I couldn't even walk straight, and it felt pretty amazing. At this point in my life, I hadn't even experienced being drunk. My friend and I didn't live in the same dorm, but we spent a lot of time sitting outside which inevitably led to both of us smoking. I told myself for a long time that I wasn't addicted, yadda, yadda.

I guess that's the crazy thing with addiction; you never know when it actually gets out of control. I quickly fell in love with the flavored cigarettes. I remember within a few months I had made the transition to Marlboro Reds. I was smoking around half a pack a day at this point, sometimes more if my friends and I were hanging out outside. I could smoke a whole pack in a given night of being at a party. I absolutely loved it. I was a socially inept kid, and smoking allowed me to quickly develop a connection with people at parties. I also thought it was helping me to control my anxiety. 

Nobody in my family besides my brother knows that I smoke. The first summer that I went home, I can remember only having a few cigarettes. While I took a pack, I was so afraid that my parents would find out that I simply didn't smoke them. It wasn't that they could prevent me from smoking or anything, but throughout my life, I had associated smoking with those individuals that were unintelligent and weak; I had become one of them. Being able to go that summer signified to me that I wasn't addicted. When I came back from break, however, the first thing that I did when my parents left was walk to the store to buy a pack.

Once I moved out of the dorms and no longer had to go home for breaks, I didn't have a reason not to smoke. The majority of my friends smoked, including one of my roommates, and I still used it as a way to bond with people. A lot of great talks all started with going outside to have a smoke.

The first time I quit was during the summer. I didn't have a job at the time, because I was blessed to be getting paid to go to school. I didn't have a reason to leave the house every single day other than to buy cigarettes, so I eventually just stopped making the trek to the store. As soon as my roommate and other friends came back for the school year, it was game-on again. This happened the following summer as well. Each time I had not had a cigarette in over a month, but I hadn't really said to myself that I was quitting.

I then started working at a restaurant. The habit picked up even more in this environment. It was a stressful job, and it seemed like more than half of the employees smoked. The job had a lot of downtime, and I went outside a heck of a lot. 

I've pretty much always had that little voice inside of my head telling me that I needed to quit smoking before it was too late, but the cigarettes always seemed to be able to silence him. Around Thanksgiving of last year, I began seriously thinking about quitting. It wasn't all at once. I can remember waking up several mornings and feeling a tightness in my chest. The voice in my head kept getting louder. During the winter, I had developed a cough that simply wouldn't stop. It seemed like I was coughing all of the time, and it scared me a lot. I hated being a smoker, and it was only getting worse. Even though I was able to smoke only half a pack a day for quite some time, this job among other things quickly pushed that to a whole pack. I couldn't believe I was smoking a whole pack a day!

Anyways, I "quit" sometime in December. I put quit in quotation marks, because, looking back on this attempt, I hadn't actually quit. I can remember bumming about a cigarette a day off of my roommate. I remember thinking it was easy, because it was the first time I had it in my head that I actually wanted to quit which I had always heard had to happen before you actually could. This time did feel different, but I, like so many others, felt like they could have a few puffs here and there and be fine. It wasn't. After a month and a half of not buying a pack, I picked right back up where I left off. It was humiliating defeat, because I had told so many of my friends that I was quitting, many of which didn't seem like they had confidence in me.

There's something funny about people who smoke. I believe I am guilty of this as well. When somebody tells you that they are quitting, and they are smokers themselves, no matter what you tell them it seems like they want to keep you addicted. I don't know if it's a matter of wanting others to share in your misery or you don't want to miss out on having a smoke buddy.

Anyways, I graduated in May of this year and am now in a graduate program. Most of my friends that smoke, with the exception of my roommate, have left town, and even he is leaving town in a couple of weeks. I have started to get more serious about life. I have been wanting to quit for the last few months, but that tricky brain of mine has always gotten the best of me. I went on a little vacation to my parents house where I knew I wouldn't be able to smoke. I had left half of a pack in my room at home, which I smoked in the matter of a couple of hours after having come back. I didn't go to buy a pack for several days. 

I went on a camping trip the weekend before last. I bought a pack for that thinking that I would kill myself being outside that long without a smoke. I didn't buy another pack after that, though. I bummed a smoke from my roommate on Sunday, and one Monday morning. When I came home from school Monday, I started browsing reddit. I came across a post by somebody that expressed why so many people fall down the slippery slope of smoking. They told of how much fun smoking was, and how it was absolutely the best thing in the world. I found myself agreeing wholeheartedly, and wanting a cigarette. I somehow got linked to a stop smoking website and started reading about quitting. I became determined to quit. I was/am completely in love with something that is absolutely going to kill me, not to mention rob me blind. As intelligent as I am, I fell into the trap. I hate myself for it, but the only thing I can do is quit. It's scary, but it's something I have to do.

I know it hasn't been very long, but everybody has to start somewhere. This time feels different, though. It has been almost three days without one. Like last time, I feel like I am actually ready to quit. I know I'm not going to fall back into my brain's trap of rewarding my success with another cigarette. So many times prior I felt that just one more smoke wasn't going to hurt me. I can't have even one more puff.

It's so scary to give up something you love so much. It's so weird, but it's almost like losing your best friend. That little pack that I carried in my pocket for five years has always been there for me, comforting me. All you hear about smoking is how bad it is for you. Nobody ever tells you how incredible it is. I know it's not going to get easier, but I'm finished. I have so many reasons to quit but none to continue smoking. I'm sure this won't be my last post as I continue my journey, but I wanted to post this here. Even if nobody reads this huge wall of text, it has helped me to get my thoughts out. 

tldr; after many attempts at quitting. This time feels different.