Almost 2 Weeks

I've been almost two weeks without a smoke, and I am loving every minute of it. I enjoy counting the days without one; however, it doesn't really matter, because I know that I am completely done with cigarettes. Every day I am reminded of just how amazing it is that I quit, and I wanted to share a couple of them.

I was required to attend an eight hour seminar the other day with about 35 of my colleagues. During intermissions, there were three individuals who kept stepping outside to smoke. I couldn't help but smile thinking about how I didn't have any desire to join them. When they came in, I was able to notice, more than ever before, just how foul those cancer sticks really are. Plus, I was sitting beside one of them, and the smell lingered for the entire program. I could smell it on his breath every time he leaned over to talk to me. Just a few weeks ago, I would have been right there with him.

Saturday, I went out to the bar and got fairly tipsy. We sat right beside of the window so we could watch outside. All night, I kept watching smokers walking in and out, in and out. I had absolutely no desire to join in on their misery, not even in the slightest. It was such an inconvenience.

Tonight, as I sat at my desk doing schoolwork, I realized how much more enjoyable it was. I believe that this was the trigger that haunted me the most. It seemed like every half an hour I was going out to take a smoke break to "clear my head." I was brainwashed into thinking that I just needed to take a five minute break to give my brain a rest. Boy was I kidding myself. I sat here for two full hours, not once thinking about it. Usually, while I was a smoker, I would tell myself, "just finish one more problem." That usually caused me even more stress, and I would give in to go have a smoke. It really is liberating to not feel stressed all of the time.

Now, I want to propose a question. It seems like every single night I have been having the most vivid dreams. They haven't been about anything in particular, but I wanted to know if anyone has experienced this. I know that once we quit we chalk a lot of things up to our body not getting the nicotine, but I want to know if anyone has had similar experiences. It seems like almost every other dream has been about me smoking again. Last night, I dreamed that I was drunk, my roommate offered me a cigarette, and just like that, I was hooked again. I remember getting half way through the cigarette, looking down at it, and then just completely breaking, crying, really beating myself up over it. I woke up in a panic, and I was so relieved that it was only a dream - a nightmare in fact.

I read an interesting article today about how we are basically all in this alone. Almost all of my friends that are smokers have moved away, and even the ones that are currently smoking don't have any encouragement, because they haven't ever quit before. I don't need a party thrown in my honor or anything, but I am finding people aren't as elated as I am. I really want to tell my parents, because I know they would be so happy, but, they don't know I was a smoker for five years in the first place, and I don't want to tell them just yet. I know that you can only truly understand when you have quit. I guess that's why I write posts like this. I truly want to thank everyone in this subreddit, and I don't know that I have ever been more proud of myself in my entire life. The stress associated with smoking has been lifted, and I feel absolutely amazing!