Day 1 - 2 pack a day smoker stuck in bed

I'm just SICK of how this stupid drug dominates my every thought. Lately I've caught myself chain-smoking 4 cigarettes in a row. I'm recovering from surgery not really moving, and I'm just fucking DONE with this. I'll be checking in to report my progress.

EDIT: Off to my operation, in tears from all the emotions I have experienced the last 5 days (got confirmation my ex-fiancee is seeing someone new 2 hours ago). That said, I WILL do this.

EDIT 2: My operation was postponed since I have too much swelling in the affected areas. I am extremely emotional from the medications/life situation/sleep depravation, but I can say this: officially not smoking again.

EDIT 3: 1 hour smoke-free. 

EDIT 4: First time in 3 days I don't feel like I am having a full-blown panic attack.

EDIT 5: I just don't care anymore if I am perceived to be unstable right now, I am basically immobile between two major surgeries and two different rough personal situations that are playing out as I write this, along with severe sleep deprivation. I lasted over 4 hours not smoking, then caved. I accidentally ripped off several stitches in an extremely sensitive area, and told myself "I'd have just one" since I'd had such a traumatic day, and pick up full steam the next morning. My impulse control isn't great yet, I actually lit up before I cleaned up all the blood and pus that came out. Whereas historically I was a lighter smoker, as of recently that is no longer the case. I have to recognize the fact that currently, I am a compulsive chain smoker. Just one puff led to me smoking 4 cigarettes in an hour or so. I don't care if it takes 100 edits to get to where I'm not smoking at all. Given things, I took some steps forward today and am back to not smoking. Thanks for reading and cheering me on. This is really hard for me. 

EDIT 6: 1 hour in again. Recovering from my first surgery, and postponing the 2nd for a few weeks so that I can give my life some semblance of order. 