I can't think of anything else. This stupid addiction is cracking me up.

Alright. Here we go.

I quit 28 hours ago because my lungs started hurting (more precisely: burning) badly about a week ago. 

I've been struggling since. :/ 
I'm not able to think of anything else. I started drinking tea and going for walks to distract myself. Yesterday for example I was visiting a [ruin](http://imgur.com/a/spAYa) in the woods nearby. But it only works for very short time periods, sometimes not even minutes. :/ I made some apple-walnut-cinnamon-muffins today to take my mind off things, but afterwards I wanted to smoke so badly.. I'm not sure distraction actually helps. This stupid addiction is controlling my life. :( Cigarettes were never supposed to take over control. 

It's ridiculous how often I feel the urge to smoke: 
After waking up, while drinking coffee, after drinking coffee, while watching TV when there are commercials, while reading a book, after reading a book, when leaving the house, when spending time outdoors, when it's raining, when I'm bored, after talking to someone, before eating, after eating, before taking a shower, after taking a shower, ... 

It drives me nuts! I realized today that it's not only my addiction that bothers me... it's the rituals. So many things feel wrong now that I'm doing them differently. I'm trying to overwrite my memories by starting new habits (like the tea drinking thing. Instead of going outside and having a smoke I go outside to drink some tea), but I guess that will take like forever. 

To be honest, I'm quite proud of myself already. This is the second time I've been trying to quit. Last time I didn't even accomplish 4 hours. This is the first time I haven't smoked for more than a few hours. Even when I was sick I used to smoke. 

The only thing that really keeps me from smoking right now are my hurting lungs. I'm worried about the damage I've done to myself by smoking. I should see a doctor. But to be honest: I like smoking. I miss it. And I'm sure I'll miss it whenever I'm drinking a beer or standing in the crowd at a concert or festival. I connect smoking with enjoying life and living moments. I don't think I'm emotionally ready to quit, but my body needs me to. As soon as possible. And truth be told... I don't think I'll ever be emotionally ready to quit. Or, at least I doubt it. 

Any advice? :/ 