Stopped because of illness

Hey guys, i read some awesome post about how long you have been clean but I also read most of you felt better after 3 days. How is it possible?  A bit more then two weeks ago I went sick and got a serious bronchitis, so I went to doctor who prescribed  me some antibiotics. However I still smoked 1-3 ciggarettes till last Sunday. I also went to a house party with a fog machine, smoking a pack of ciggs one day after I got the antibiotics. FF to Sunday I felt even more sick, could hear my own lung and decided I need some other treatmeant and stopped because I couldn't smoke anymore. Again I went to the doc, who prescribed another type of antibiotics and said my lungs sound like shit. Addingly he also metioned I am at the edge of pleumonia with an already formed bronchitis, sinutusitis and all this shit. He described the sound to me like the rattle of rattlesnake, some crackles etc . So I decided not to smoke. Now today is like 6 days I haven't smoked, but I continuesly think about it like nothing else. Thinking of litting one as soon as I am back to square one is the only thing I can do. I already got the symtomps of withdrawel after the 3/4 day of smoking only 1 cigarette and now after 6 days of cold turkey I feel even worse. Every day I feel like it's getting worse. Dizziness, Cough although my lungs is free of slime (Doctor said), headache, can't concentrate, feel like shit. Sleep every once in a feel so I can't sleep at night. Night sweating like all withdrawel symtomps combined. And I only feel like getting worse. First time I quit cold turkey was for two weeks at a family weeding becuase I had to as it wasn't appropiate to smoke for me in this country. There I hadn't had any symptoms until week two where shit went down like hell. Had problems to remember names of some people^^  Now it expotionally gets worse and I like literally dream and think about it every day&night.  Im going to see doctor on monday and I am thinking about starting it as soon as I get the ok. However I don't want too as I want to at the same time. It was my stress preventer when shit went crazy. 

Started smoking occasionally with 15-16 at partys, then I smoked a few months with 17 before stopping for half a year( about a package a day=21 ciggs). Now smoking for a bit more then 2 years in a row. In the first half of a year it was like 10 ciggs a day and then it got worse until I smoked like a pack of 38g tobacco + bit extra a day for bit more then half a year, all in all between 60-100(80) cigarettes a day. After half a year I cut down to like 30-50 (40)cigarettes a day and again continued for another half of a year. The last year I smoked daily between 20-40(25) but more like 25, dependend on my level of stress. Is it normal to feel worse every day physically as some other smoker who quit after 30 years had less influence of withdrawel then myself.

I accumulated round about 33000 cigarettes in round about 2 years and 3 or 4 months.

TL;DR: Quit smoking cold turkey because of illness; today is day 6; and it gets worse with every day and I know it's only going to start after two weeks or so

Don't know any further