A start to a better, healthier lifestyle

Recently I've been worrying more about my health, I am a south Asian male reaching the age of 25 and I have put on some weight since my college days. Part of the reason was no exercise and a high amount of fatty, greasy foods/snacks. But I also want to blame my smoking habit. In order to stop myself from smoking as much, I would buy snacks (especially sweets) to substitute cigarettes for sugar. My dad has diabetes (type 2 I believe, the one you develop in later years of life) and there is a high risk of me also getting diabetes. Right now I am shifting towards a new diet (most likely a 1500 calorie diet, as opposed to my current 2400 or so) and the first step before I start any of that is to reduce/remove the need for addictions.

I have not smoked for about 3 weeks now (i'll update with a badge since the exact date is early July around a celebration), when I was smoking I would smoke a maximum of 10 cigarettes a week and never at home on weekends since my parents would have killed me for it, I've been smoking for a good 5 years but it's time to let go. I'm trying to go cold turkey and it seems to be working so far but is there any advice people can give me if I start craving? the first week was probably the worst but right now the cravings are less, usually whilst I'm at work I crave them on my breaks since that's when I would smoke but haven't yet given in.

I suppose the important thing is to just say no when offered. I'm definitely feeling a lot better than I used to.

Another goal at the moment is to reduce the amount of time I spend on gaming. I went from 12 hours a day to now around 1 hour a day - and sometimes not even that. But I seem to have replaced it with Netflix and Anime, which is just as bad if not worse. I don't particularly like "going out" since I only drink once every few months to celebrate special occasions. I think in general all I'm trying to do is better my lifestyle. The problem with how I live is that I impose no limits on myself, and have not done so since a young age. I'm now beginning to understand that this can have serious effects on my relationships and life, and so I've decided its time to change it up.

**TL;DR**: I'm on a mission to stop smoking, reduce gaming, and get healthier within the next year in order to retain good habits once I leave university and want to know if anyone has any pointers.