18yo and need some advice

So I'll try to make this short but cant make any promises haha.

I am 18yo and have suffered with depression sine I was 14. I tried cigarettes when I was 14 (only a few cigs), then stopped. I stopped mainly cuz it was too hard to get and too risky of getting caught. Then when I was 16 I got a pack and smoked almost the whole thing. Then stopped, and smoked hookah for a while. Only on occasion but I ended up stopping that too.

So, I've never really been "addicted" in the sense that I have ever constantly been smoking tobacco. I have never and will never do any other drugs including pot. But for some reason, I really enjoy smoking cigarettes. I like the feeling, the taste, etc.

I just have not been able to get the desire to smoke out of my head since I first smoked. I now occasionally smoke e-cigs. but just finished up my first one and it was small.

I have always decided to stop smoking on my own without others persuading me or helping me. But I just cant shake this desire. I truly enjoy smoking.

I dont know if its just my depression, my age, or maybe even a mixture of both plus something else I dont know. I just cant seem to find a way to stop the desire. Ive tried looking at the repercussions of smoking, the statistics, people I know that smoke, etc. Nothing has worked. I sometimes wonder if I should just pick up a cigarette or maybe a cigar if I like them (never tried cigars) every now and then. Maybe only when Im offered or only on vacation.

I dont have an addictive personality, Ive been able to stop smoking for extended periods of time with no problems other than the desire to smoke. The fact that I dont have an addictive personality makes me wonder if I should just smoke every once in a while to make the mental cravings stop. Ive never had physical cravings just fyi.

My girlfriend hates smoking because her parents both smoke and my parents dont smoke and are against it. My best friend smokes.

There is just something about smoking that I enjoy. The packs, the lighters, the act of just relaxing and smoking and being able to clear my thoughts (especially when I feel depressed).

I know I shouldnt smoke. But I just **cant** stop the mental cravings. Please help me, any advice is really appreciated!

edit: nobody knows but my best friend that I started vaping with e-cigs.