After 16 years of smoking daily, I've been nicotine-free for the past 11 days.. Until now

I quit cold turkey about 11 days ago, I still have my last half a pack of cigarettes I bought just sitting there on my dresser so I can tell myself I'm quitting because I want to. They don't have any affect on me so I keep them there, it's kind of a mental thing.

My way of quitting was a little different than most, not only did I quit smoking but I quit everything that triggered it as a habit, I limited my driving, coffee, even eating. It may sound extreme but it definitely helped and it drastically lessened the frequency of cravings for me. For the times that I did eat, I immediately replaced the after smoking ritual with just eating cinammon fireballs or gum.

The driving and eating triggers were taken care of so I figured I'd have my first cup of decaf coffee in 11 days today, and boy was that a bad idea. I got so flustered and couldn't stop pacing from room to room until I finally caved in and took one out of that pack. The good part though was that I couldn't even finish a quarter of the cigarette before I started getting dizzy and nauseous. It's been 15 years since my first cigarette, but smoking this one was exactly how that first one taste. This time though, instead of pushing myself through the disgusting taste and dizzying headache to finish it for the sake of my reputation among my teenage peers, I quickly put it out and threw it away. Part of me feels ashamed that I gave in, but another part of me feels OK that It showed me the true repulsive taste I have been masking by habit all these years.

I was never a morning person, or so I thought. The biggest pro of quitting has been waking up in the morning so easily it amazes me. Now instead of waking up to a big headache and heading outside to smoke the first cigarette of the day, I wake up and go have breakfast with my kids, instead of feeling ashamed to be around them wondering how bad I smell like tobacco to them. Even if I get a less than ideal amount of hours of sleep I still wake up 100x better than if I would've if I would've gotten a full nights rest as a a smoker. Stay strong... Those first 3-4 days are the only days you'll feel it, and even then don't worry about tomorrow, just worry about getting passed the next 15 minutes when you're having a craving.. I've been smoking so long everyone I know doubted I could quit, so If I could do it you definitely can. 