47 days through. Does this look normal?

Hey everyone. So I wanted to share how I've been feeling, because it seems like not many people feel the same way as I do at this point in the quit. Perhaps I'm wrong, which is why I'm bringing it up now!

So I smoked for about 10 years, tried to quit before. Ultimately went with the cold turkey, which has worked as I really, truly wanted it. At no point have I been afraid of relapse. I felt like shit, but I had made my choice, and I was not going to smoke. I still feel this way, even while drinking.

So let's go to now. Honestly, I haven't felt too many positive changes. I am still congested. It's better, but it's still there. I can run better, sure, but it's not much better as I have always been a runner, so smoking didn't have a noticeable effect on running.
Physically, I feel no different otherwise. Energy is the same, still get tired when I'm at work, sleeping is the same. I don't taste better, and smelling is a little better, but mainly when it comes to smelling cigarettes. 

Ok fine. So what's going on? Well the only real change is how much of a dick I've become. I expected it obviously. But this rage that I feel.... I feel it all the time now. I go from 0 to absolutely irate In no time flat. Many times it evolves into being depressed/angry, which tends to happen with me sometimes anyways. But now it's all the time.
Also, and what has been really killing me, is that my relationship with my SO has taken a huge hit. Not gonna lie, I just haven't been feeling it since I quit. I don't have much drive... Or passion... In the relationship anymore. The little things about her I was able to get passed before have become the most obnoxious part of my day. At risk of TMI, our sex life is essentially non existent at this point. I guess my point here is to ask if This is normal for some people. I see a lot of people sound so excited about the quit. And I am proud/excited at my level of domination over tobacco. But I feel like shit all the time.

Is this just who I am now? As a non smoker, is this just...who I really am?