Looking for alternatives.

Hey all, I was laying in bed just fifteen or twenty minutes ago when I was suddenly hit with a craving for a cigarette. Now, I'm not actively looking to quit, but I realized just how much I hated the fact that I had to get out of bed, smoke a cigarette, then get myself comfortable again. It's awful, and I really, really hate that. Not to mention all the other negative effects smoking has on your body. It burns a hole in my pocket, I smell awful, as does my home. I want to quit. But the problem is that I don't think I'd be able to. No, I know I wouldn't be able to. At least not with help. And I don't mean from others in the form of support, but alternatives such as patches, vaping, lozenges, etc. The fact of the matter is that I'm a big wuss when it comes to pain, and if there's anything to make the road easier, then I would very much so like to take that route.

That said, I feel that a part of my addiction is the idea of puffing on something, like a cigarette, along with the nicotine itself. So, that brings me to my first question. Are vapes effective? I really want to quit, and if I can wean myself off using a vape rather than going cold turkey, that'd be amazing.

I'm also wondering how expensive a decent vape is. How difficult is the maintenance? I've been told that it is much cheaper in the long run, is this true? And how long do they usually last before I have to replace some parts? I think it's the atomizer that goes out. I could be wrong on that, but that's why I'm here, to educate myself properly before buying something and messing it up, only to fall back on cigarettes while I work out my budget to get another.

Also, I don't mean to sound rude, but I'm not looking for encouraging comments to quit cold turkey. I simply can not do it. The headaches, the nausea, all of it. I wouldn't be able to handle it. I've been in situations where I've been unable to smoke for a couple of days, and I always had a cigarette the first moment I was able to.

From what I've seen so far by browsing, you all seem like a lovely bunch, and I'd be extremely grateful if you could answer my questions and point me in the right direction. The healthier direction. Thanks for your time.