We filed a missing person report. 

I am on day 19. 

Today was absolutely horrible. My 16 yo son goes to college in another town nearby. He typically gets picked up by me at the ferry/bus station. He texts me every day so I know he is on his way and can time it well. He didn't text at his normal time. He didn't show. He didn't respond to texts or repeated calls. I waited for next ferry. No show, no call, no text, no response.

I text his girlfriend of 1.5 years and ask if she has talked to him today. She says no but she will try to call. Best friend since birth is trying to call him as well. No answer. Voicemail every time. No response to texts. Friends start a chain mail thing to find him. 

Because he is in college, his information is private, even to me. I raced to his school, while my husband filed a missing person report (yes, they will do this if something causes them to believe it is out of character.) My boy is responsible, and always lets me know what is going on. He is systematic. Hard to explain but best way is he has NEVER missed a bus. EVER. He has never tried to run away, never been in trouble with law or anything like that. 

I self talk as much as possible. Maybe his phone died. But he would call me from a borrowed phone. Maybe he lost it and doesn't know. He would know, he is a 16 yo boy in the 21st cent. with a smart phone and has had a cell phone for 5 years and never misplaced it. 

My brother works at the college and is looking for him. My son doesn't "hang out" at the college. He goes, does his classes, and comes back. He doesn't want to do clubs or anything there. He even checks with security. ' Any mishaps or any call seeing if there phone was found?' No.

While the police were taking the report, I am checking the bus terminal to see if he had been there, checking the transit pass to see if it had been used. No. All deck hands are now on watch for him. I am trying to not be hysterical. I am calling the library where he sometimes waits for me and they page him. No response. And the he is now only 90 minutes "late" for his normal pick up.  He has never ever been late or out of contact.

So I follow the path to his school and park. It occurs to me f I can find the chemistry lab he could maybe be in there. He has only stayed after normal time for this one class in 4 months but MAYBE!!! Security won't help me and give me wrong information. I looking forward to filling out that complaint!

I go to registration desk. Luckily I know one of the ladies very well and she is distressed with me. I explain I just want to know where the lab is, that they don't have to give me any personal information. At first they had a hard time helping me but after explaining I will bang on every science room door they figure out a way to help. Because I know his class numbers we are able to deduce where A chem lab would be (wink wink)

I run to the science building. 

And see him in a glass walled room doing his school work. I pull myself together enough to mumble something about police and ask him to come out.

He had texted but it just didn't send due to low service. The buildings suck his batteries so he was in airplane mode. He was kissed all over like a baby in front of over 50 fellow students and handled it very well.

It was 110 minutes of torture, crying, praying and the scumbag brain time in the world. 

I never smoked. 

I only had one thought of a cigarette and in my panic actually was able to think, "that won't bring my boy back to me alive, it won't relieve any of this stress, and will only enslave me".... I ACTUALLY THOUGHT THAT.  (thank you Allen Carr)

Sorry so long but I am still crying. Not smoking in car is hard. Not smoking in bar is hard. 

Not smoking when you believe your entire world is smashing down around you??? I am stunned how not hard it was to think no.

I cannot believe how quickly the bonds of slavery weaken. I know I am not out of danger of being tempted again, but if I can make it thru today.... I know I can make it.


Edit: Wow, I guess you have to be there. I am no drama queen nor is my husband who filed the report. I hope no one ever goes thru the panic of their child missing. 

I was understanding of all of their policies and never asked anyone to violate them however I find it ridiculous that no one would tell me where a lab is in the science building. 

Thank you to those of you that read though my "drama" and understood that it was one the most terrifying moments in my life and I was delighted my brain was able to know that smoking was no solution.


To those that are worried that I am overprotective, I can only say it is not so nor does my son think so based on the day. My son has very few rules. 1. Nothing permanent. 2.I know where you are 3. Follow the laws of the land even if stupid (this one is the newest due to pot smoking lol!)

That is the end of me being defensive.