Feeling that "I want one" reflex and posting here instead (long and rambling, working out some thoughts)

So, I'm sitting in the same cafe I was in Thursday morning when I decided that I was done for real.

I used to have a routine of sitting here all morning and going outside every half hour or so to light up. It's such a thoughtless reflex like, I'll stop reading or typing or whatever and look out the window and think "Hmm, I could go for a smoke..." and then it's like, oh yeah, I'm not a smoker anymore.

I began smoking six years ago and I started seriously planning to quit last month because I was up all night a few days in a row with a really terrible cough. I blamed it on allergies, but I knew it had more to do with the cigarettes than the flowers. It was just awful and scary and I was so mad at myself for still smoking even while I was coughing my face off.

I, like a lot of folks around here, have been using Carr's book. He points out fairly early on and then reiterates throughout that every smoker quits while they're sleeping. It's something I *knew* but I started really thinking about it. Like, the fact that our bodies can go a whole night without physical discomfort from not smoking? That proves physical withdrawal is super manageable and slight and that it's all mental.

So after I really internalized that concept, I just started questioning (with Carr) this whole idea of quitting being so difficult and impossible.

I think I still have to work on not associating the act of smoking itself with pleasure. The person who got me into smoking used to defend their addiction by spewing a lot of bullshit about how enjoyable smoking is and I think a part of my head is still trying to hold onto that. 

But hey, it's been over three days, everything tastes and smells better, everyone in my life is super proud of me, and this really hasn't been super difficult, just mildly uncomfortable at moments when I'm used to smoking rather than sitting still. 

Anyway, if you happened to read all this, thanks for listening. 