Forgot my pack at home this morning, so I quit.

I realized today I've been smoking for 20 years. 

20. I'm not even 35. 

I've gone through spurts of quitting. Went on a vaping kick, but lost my set up, and too tempted to have a ciggy when batteries out, etc. It was always so easy to go back to smoking, especially under stress. 

I've been practicing yoga for the last several years, and as a New Years Resolution recently began regular meditation with breathing exercises, which has rekindled my own faith in my mental fortitude. So I figured I'd try again. 

I was going to try the halvsies thing. Yesterday I only had 10 cigarettes instead of the full 20. Planned to only have 10 today, then cut to 5. 
I did have 2 this morning. 

I then walked to the bus stop two and a half hours ago and realized I left rest of pack at home. Made the decision to not go back. Made the decision to not buy a new pack. Made the decision to cold turkey it right then and there. 

I am currently standing outside the complex where my yoga place is, watching 3 people smoke (most I've ever seen at once around here smoking at once, of course) making the choice not to bum one. I've made that choice at least six times in a row now while furiously typing this into my phone. Why am I outside? Cause I'd usually be that chick smoking before and after yoga. I should go inside. 

Anyways, your inspiration and ideas and support throughout today would be tremendous. Gratitude in advance. 

[Edit 1: It's almost 3pm. Still haven't smoked. Got an apple in my pocket for if it gets rough. Thanks for your encouragement, the three of you who have commented.]

[Edit 2: 7pm. Waiting for the bus is a tremendous trigger. I'm focusing on how nice my hair smells and how deeply I can breath, which is almost like smoking a cigarette if you think about it. I'm out of fruit.]

[Edit 3: Panicked slightly when I remembered I had my half a pack at home. I got home and took it to the dumpster. It is dumped, irretrievably. I can do this.]

[Edit 4: Day 2. I can already breath better upon waking which is solid motivation. No scratchy throat, less sinus congestion. I'm going on almost 24 hours now. I'm going to go rewatch one of those videos that tell you what happens hour by hour when you stop smoking.] 

[Edit 5: 9am-ish. 24.5hrs. WHEN DID EVERYONE IN THIS CITY START SMOKING?? I can do this I can do this. Here comes bus YES!]

[Edit 6: 6pm on day 2. Celery helps.] 

[Edit 7: I'm coming on 48 hours. It's not too bad. I did notice some initial physical restlessness at night before sleep last night and night before, the urge to move, stretch, kick, etc. Progressive muscle relaxation helped with that. I'm definitely getting kinda congested and phlegmy.]

[Edit 8: STILL QUITTED. I'm going to stop updating here, but much much gratitude to all of you for your tips, encouragement and kind words. Let us all stay smoke free, happy, and healthy for years to come.]