When things are weird, acid makes them weirder

I was 22 days smoke free and really proud of myself. But I had a rough fucking weekend. Not the worst I've ever had, but certainly a roller coaster:

Saturday afternoon: Ex-boyfriend (as of only a couple days ago) comes over to drop off some of my stuff. We talk and I tell him that I would like to give it one more shot if he's game too. My decision to break up, while it was to honor my emotional needs, was also a bit impulsive. We talk it over and decide to stay broken up. The whole ordeal is incredibly respectful. He forgot to takes his things from my house. 

Saturday night: I go to a concert with some friends. A mutual friend passed me a capsule of mushrooms for free. Fun night, but I call it in early since I was tired and the long walk home sounded really nice. 

Saturday at mightnight: I get home to find that my dog has eaten two whole bags of Reese's with the tinfoil and left nothing behind - not a single wrapper. I cry - no, bawl - because I'm broke, and this means a visit to the vet ER. I'm also slightly tripping still. 

All my friends are definitely not sober and I needed moral support so I call my ex. While we are waiting for the vet to bring out my dog, I mention that I took mushrooms to my ex. Ex goes to the bathroom, comes back, and says, "I just took a half tab of acid." Well. Fuck. We are just about to leave the vet's and I'm ready for bed. My ex fronted my dog's vet bill which was so kind of him. He's a great dude. 

What did I do when we got home? I ate the other half tab of acid. Why? Well, I love acid, I love tripping with people I love, and I didn't want my ex to be in a trip alone. We figured it would be a fun night. And it was! We sat on the floor cuddling my dog and eating meatballs. We giggled. We climbed in bed and watched Archer. Love that show, but neither of us are paying attention at this point. 

Things started to heat up between us. But then I stopped. I knew if it went any farther, it would make the reality of the break up that much harder the next day. Acid does that to me, it allows experiences to penetrate my emotions so much deeper. 

And that's when things get weird. We couldn't touch each other, talk, or even really look at each other. He goes completely silent. We both kinda snapped back to reality and it was **so uncomfortable.**

Sunday morning: Sometime around 5 am, I fell asleep. Around 7:30 am, I woke up and he's gone. Disappeared. No note, no text, nothing. Didn't even take his stuff with him... And it crushed me. 

I cry for two hours straight. The emotional pain was so raw and overwhelming and opened the floodgate. I was stuck in an acid crying loop, so around 10 AM I head to the corner store and buy a case of beer and a pack of cigarettes. I smoke them all throughout the day, in the company of my amazing friends who pretty much didn't leave my side all day. 

Anyways, today is Day 1 again. This morning, I finished the last of two packs that I bought. My lungs feel terrible, my mouth feels gross no matter how many time I've brushed my teeth, and I'm disappointed that I ruined a 22 day streak. But. I'm determined not to give up on quitting! 

Tl;dr - took acid with my ex, things got weird, smoked a whole pack of cigs in a day after 3 weeks of no cigs