How I became an asshole because of smoking

Just wanted to share this with the world. It is going to be a long post and keep in mind that English is not even my second language :) 

I have been a smoker for about 17 years. When I met my wife, I was at about a pack a day. The wife hated it but we made it work somehow.
In 2012 my wifes father died of lung cancer - that sadly happens when you smoke a lot for longer periods of your life

After the sad news got to us, I understandably promised my wife to quit. At first I was doing great but as you may or may not know, if you don't have the right reasons behind your attempt, you'll slip back. This probably sounds cynical but the death of my father in law was not enough of a wake up call nor was the grief of my wife a good enough reason to quit smoking. 

So I became a secret smoker. I reasoned with myself that as long as my wife doesn't know, I can smoke a few. At first, it was a couple at work, then I already started looking for opportunities of getting away from my wife to have a smoke. 
I remember going to the gym on weekends just to have a plausible excuse to get out of the house and smoke. PE inbetween cigarettes was just something I was willing to do to feed my addiction. 

My smoking turned in to real addict behaviour. At some point I thought I needed to have a cigarette in the evenings, so how can I make this happen. 
Since I have some chronic back pain due to my office job, I convinced my wife that I needed to smoke pot before I go to sleep to ease the pain and get better rest. 
Since pot is highly illegal in our country, my wife has no idea about pot and how it smells. I just smoked cigarettes on the balcony and told her the smell was pot. And I actually don't like smoking pot.

I work in sales and I am pretty good at it, but convincing your spouse that you need to consume illegal substances and risk getting prosecuted and possibly go to jail just to have a cigarette in the evenings might be impressive salesmanship but truly idiotic on the same time. 

Of course you can't actually be a secret smoker and in a relationship. My wife was fully aware that I smoked when I had been a drinking alcohol. And somehow she tolerated me smelling of the stuff that she hated all her life and that killed her beloved father. And probably she knew more about my smoking than she let me to believe. 

So to sum things up - throughout my marriage now is the first time I truly can call myself a non smoker. 

Not smoking cigarettes has caused a different set of problems for me. Now that I don't have to worry about the smell on me or my clothes, I am all touchy-feely. And because I don't need to go out for a smoke on a bullshit excuse, I actually want to do stuff together. Without the constant need for nicotine, I am all chill and friendly as opposed to the sarcastic and twitchy guy I was before. When the need for nicotine got so bad that I couldn't take anymore, I just started a fight at home to have a legitimate reason to walk out. 

So now that everything has turned for the better, my wife actually thinks I have been cheating on her. As she said to me - for the past three weeks I have been so nice and such a pleasure to be around that there has to be some dark and ugly secret behind the change. 
And she is right. 

Quitting smoking has been the best decision in my life. I can now fully appreciate the awesomeness of my wife and the cool and loving person she is.  

Thanks for reading and join me in not smoking and not being an asshole today! 
