I made it one month!!!

Quitting smoking has been a journey so far. The one thing that's lacking from this sub is documentation of not only the mental but physical withdrawals. I smoked about 3 to 4 packs a week for about 16 years. The first week without cigarettes for me was cake. The first three days were pretty challenging but I pretty much locked myself in the house with Netflix and video games for distraction and powered through. At the 2 week mark, I started to develop smoker's flu. The cough was the worse part. I eventually broke down and saw my primary Dr. and she diagnosed me with acute bronchitis, acute sinusitis, asthma and bronchospasms. I was prescribed Ventolin HFA inhaler, an antibiotic and sent on my way. I felt fine the next few days, I finished my round of antibiotics but started to develop shortness of breath pretty bad. I broke down and went to urgent care. I was diagnosed the same but this time the Dr. prescribed me an steroid, Prednisone, and another round of antibiotics. I finished that round of steroids (which did help my breathing) and the antibiotic but my shortness of breath wasn't getting any better. Fearing for my health and thinking the worse, I decided it was best to go to the ER and get a full work up to ease my mind that I hadn't developed something worse. I had a blood panel, EKG, X-rays, the works. Everything came back ok but they could see the fluid buildup in my chest. They said it was still acute bronchitis. They prescribed me with albuterol and iptrium bromide combination breathing treatment to be taken every 4 hours. I did this for a little less that a week and the shortness of breath got better. Thankfully was on vacation from work because I couldn't do anything for about 3 days but eat and sleep. The medicine opened up my lungs which was a relief but I could feel the damage. It felt like my lungs were on fire but I keep telling myself that it was the cilia in my lungs regrowing. Since then every day has been a challenge. I have good days and I have bad days. There have been positives. I can breath again and food has never tasted better. I've read that it takes 3 months to a year to start feeling normal again. I feel like I'm breathing better but do have coughing fits at night before bed. I've read that this might be my asthma that was masked by my smoking habit. I just wanted to share my experience in the chance someone else out there is going through the same health issues while quitting smoking. It finally feels like its getting better. I'll check back in a month.