4 days smoke free with NRT. Had a few questions for those who have used NRT in their journey.

Never thought I’d go this long and it feels so refreshing to just.. breathe! I feel like I have unlocked a whole new lung capacity. 

I have been smoking for a few years now, reaching a pack a day for almost two years. Had the intent to quit for almost a year- tried vaping - but simply kept failing again and again and again. The addiction simply had taken control of me. I know four days isn’t the longest of battles, but boy it still feels like a massive victory!

I took therapy recently and they advised me to use patches, lozenge and gum. It’s turning out to be quite helpful. I have been using it for the past two weeks - with a gradual reduction in smoking. The last four days were completely cigarette, if not nicotine, free.

I had a few questions though for those who have used it before.

I was advised to start with the 21 mg patch and 2 mg gum+lozenge as and when I get cravings. I smoked Marlboro lights. At 0.8 mg nicotine per cigg and a pack a day, I feel like I am currently overdosing on nicotine with the whole therapy thing. And I feel so, given certain symptoms I have witnessed over the past couple of weeks.

1. A tiny headache as soon as I put on a new patch every day. 
2. There were two instances over the past weeks when I traveled outside and forgot to carry the patch. I suffer from vertigo and the minute I woke up on the days when I didn’t have a patch on, I suffered from dizziness. At first I felt it was due to the old vertigo problem. But the second time, I felt it might be due to the nicotine or lack thereof. 

Has somebody else felt such symptoms? Does anybody else feel it might be due to the excess nicotine? Any advice on what should be the way ahead? The therapy definitely is helping in keeping away from smoking but I am not sure if I am doing it the right way. 

Another reservation with the whole NRT has been that despite being smoke free, given that nicotine is still running through my body, I might still end up getting cravings after I am done away with the NRT products. How have you all transitioned through this process?

Another completely tangential question: Been coughing quite a bit for the past couple of days. I know it’s a symptom of cessation but any idea when it goes? My voice gets all coughy whenever I speak. 

Thank you for your help and sorry for the long post. Other folks trying to quit, hit me up if you want to team up on this fight!