About to give in... need help

The cravings are so bad right now. This will be day 2 (I relapsed earlier in the week) and it’s just... ugh. I know it gets better, but spring break is almost up, meaning it’s time to get back to the semester. I have no idea how I’m going to handle it with these cravings, it’s such an added level of stress that I really don’t need, even though I know that the stress is from the nicotine withdrawal. It doesn’t help that my dumb ass developed the habit of vaping while doing work or writing a paper, it’s going to be so hardI’m quitting vaping, and it doesn’t help that there are 3 people who JUUL in my house, or that I can make a hookah whenever I want (Arab), or that my roomate has a JUUL too back at school, it’s just too easy to break. There’s a JUUL sitting on the kitchen table right now that I could go use. Part of me wants to stay strong, I want to prove to myself that I can do it, and that same part of me is screaming at me to not go use the JUUL even if it’s just one hit, because that will just make me have to start over. But at the same time... I don’t really believe that vaping is bad for me, so I think that part of me rationalizes the “just one hit” thought process I have, even though I know it’s just going to be a cycle. In one of my past attempts, I even tried to convince myself that I could just taper down and uses that as justification for buying a pack of pods... lol. Cold turkey is the only way for me. Patches are not an option because a) I’m quitting because of the nicotine, not just the vapor. There is a risk of heart disease in my family and I don’t need to be using something like nicotine, making that worse, and b) money. I go through a pack of pods in about 2 days. That’s $20 every 2 days, basically a pack a day, even though each pack has 4 pods which are supposed to be equivalent to the nicotine in one pack of cigarettes. It’s pretty bad. My hope was writing this would take long enough to distract me... but no, it took me 20 minutes to write this damn post and it’s only worse. And I just ate, an obvious trigger for me, makes food feel so nice in my stomach. I’m about to go crazy, this feels like I’m stuck in the come up of acid, the tingling feeling in my body and head that I can’t quite put my finger on or get rid of, except unlike acid, I know how to get rid of the feeling now. Please help. I have all my reasons for quitting written down but I just stare at them.. they’re just meaningless words, not motivators, when my body and mind are in this state. Sorry for any spelling or grammar errors, I can’t be bothered to proofread right now