Day 19, here are my thoughts about the past ~3 weeks

21 years old, been on roughly a pack a day for almost 4 years. When I smoked my last cigarette 19 days ago, I was scared. I had tried to quit three times previously, all attempts lasting anywhere from 3-7 days. Each and every time, I wound up at the mini-mart, head hung in shame buying a pack of Turkish Golds. I knew I was killing myself slowly, and was starting to see my health, both mental and physical, deteriorate in front of my eyes. So I decided to take the plunge once and for all. No gimmicks, no bullshit. Here are some tips for those of you just starting out:

1) Read Allen Carr. It's not hypnotism, and it's not going to be the miracle technique that it's made out to be. But the overall mindset that he preaches about is absolutely essential to a successful attempt. Understand that you're not "giving anything up" but instead, you're gaining everything back. Be excited about quitting!


2) One thing that I noticed is that for the first few days, time will seem to slow to a crawl. By day 4, it felt like I had been at it for a month. It can be discouraging, but just know that this while pass within the first week, and then it's smooth sailing. I didn't even realize I was on day 19 until I checked my iPhone app. 


3) Go out and exercise. Thankfully I am still spry enough to get right back into running/lifting, but even if you're an overweight, lifetime smoker: get your heart rate up. Cough the shit out of your lungs. You might feel depressed during the first week or two due to a lack of dopamine that you've been used to. Getting exercise and endorphins flowing will help with this immensely and will help reaffirm why you're doing what you're doing. The first day I went out for a run I was crippled by chest cramps in the first 1/4 mile. Now I can run a full mile before that happens. You'll be amazed at how quickly your body will began to repair itself.


4) Pick a quitting buddy. It's incredibly helpful to be able to bounce your thoughts of each other. Use each other to press through the hard times and to celebrate the small successes. I started a Google Doc with a buddy of mine who goes to college a few hours away. It's been great to check in from time to time and gather motivation from each other.


5) Check out r/nofap. I combined these two challenges together and while very difficult for the first few days, I feel better than I have in years because of the combo.


6) Try not to smoke weed for a while. I smoked a joint on the night of day 5 and my cravings instantly got much harder to control. I was around a bunch of smoker friends and had to tell them "whatever you do, don't let me smoke a cig." It's also helpful to just clear your head while you quit so you can have full control of your thoughts and inhibitions. 


7) Sleep and eat well. You will a notice a huge surplus of energy in the mornings just from quitting smoking alone. If you go to bed at a reasonable hour and get a full 8+ hours of sleep, it will be much easier to make it through the first couple of days. Drink a ton of water and green tea and eat healthy meals. You'll start to realize that quitting smoking will inspire you to become healthy in all other aspects of your life.


If I can do it, so can you. Just sack up, smoke your last cig and begin your journey. 

[check this out](http://i.imgur.com/GFJve47.png)

PM me if you have any questions or just need some motivation. I owe it all to this subreddit, and I'm here to pay my dues. Peace!