Millionth time quitting was the one! Here I am.....a year later!

It's the day I've been looking forward to for so long! Before I quit I could have never ever imagined a year without cigarettes. I couldn't have imagined a half a day without one. But now, after being a smoker for a long and hard 11 years, I've tackled my first year being smoke free! 


To date I've not smoked 7,311 cancer sticks. I've saved $2,559! I've added over a month back onto my life! I can breathe with ease. I can exercise and be active without feeling like my lungs are going to collapse or my heart is  going to jump out of my chest. I don't smell like total shit everywhere I go.


Going back to a year ago. The first days and weeks even months were the toughest. My job can get very stressful. My work day revolved around my smoke breaks. My sanity revolved around it. At least that's what I believed. That's what my addiction to the nicotine made me think. At home I was mostly depressed. And a lot, a whole lot had to do with my smoking. In my free time I would just sit around and have a cigarette every half hour. Sometimes sooner sometimes later. I never went out much with friends or coworkers because I was the only smoker. Not only did I not want to be out for fear I couldn't get away for a smoke but I didn't want to subject others to my scent. As a smoker it's hard to recognize how offensive that odor is. But having quit for a short month some time before I realized how bad it smelled when you weren't a smoker. My S/O was and is a smoker as well. This made things twice as hard. It was still all around me. We both smoked in our home. A thought that disgusts me now. So in the first few weeks of me quitting he continued to smoke in the house. I didn't want to be a dick and ask him to change something we had both done for our entire relationship. I would wake up in the middle of the night when he would light one up. The awful smell would keep me awake. Besides that my clothing and furniture and so on still held that nauseating smoke smell. I was trying to stay a non smoker and wasn't able to have all the benefits I was hoping for. So I did the dick thing and asked him not to smoke in the house anymore. It was a bit of a fight and the added stress did not help my fresh smoke free mind. But I continued to push through. I could no longer allow anything to have such a hold on me. To think I was so weak with no willpower to quit as much as I wanted to. It had to stop. And it did. 


I can't lie........I still wanted to smoke sometimes. I'd see someone out smoking, really enjoying that drag and I'd think, why can they smoke and I can't?..........How stupid does that sound now! I could have smoked! I could smoke until it puts me in an early grave. But I chose not to and I continue to choose not to. 


It's not easy to quit. If it was easy there wouldn't be smokers. But it does get easier. And it may take awhile and it will probably get harder before it gets easier but it is 100% worth it! 
