Gym Instructor Tempting me to Smoke

TL;DR: gym instructor keeps telling me to have a cig and a drink socially in order to unwind.

Hi, I hope you're all doing okay with the not smoking, and feeling good about your choices for yourself. Im having a tough not-smoking day but I don't want to go buy cigarettes and I'm looking for a bit of encouragement.

I'm overweight, and I quit once before, and put on weight so this time I joined a gym with the aim to eventually lose weight, and the aim to give myself more reason not to go back to smoking. I've started to find that while doing cardio, my breathing is much better and I don't feel scared that I'll cough. It's easier to move fast than it used to be. I've noticed more of a change in the last two weeks.

I was determined to work hard, and I signed up with a personal trainer. I've been finding the sessions mixed in that he does make me work very hard, which is good, but after each session I just feel really terrible (emotionally as well as the expected physical tiredness). I dread going a bit. I go and work out with him for an got a week and do three more hours on my own. I've been going for about five weeks and I've only lost maybe a pound or two.

I know he finds this embarrassing and disappointing and he keeps asking me why I'm not sticking to his (absurd) diet plan. Honestly, although I'm not sticking to his plan because his plan is ridiculous, I'm also not sticking to eating healthily every day. I go a couple of days healthy then crack and end up eating a load of chocolate or crisps. I know this is a huge factor in not losing weight. The thing is, I'm doing this i think because I've got a particularly stressful job to do until January (which involves sitting down for really long periods of time and pulling late nighters to try to hit this stressful deadline). I'm also struggling with having to sit with this scary stressful thing I have to write, and not go smoke to take an emotional break from it or feel relief.

I told my instructor that some of my context is that I've quit smoking. He said that that doesn't matter and that smoking isn't even bad really anyway if you just do it socially. He said that I ought to just have a cigarette or two sometimes while out for a drink with friends to unwind. I can see that to him, the way a body looks is the most important thing, rather than how it functions. So, to his thinking, smoking to unwind is better than eating to unwind/if I'm going to 'crack' in some way it ought to be smoking, not eating junk. I'm finding it increasingly difficult to keep my resolve as I go back every week and face the humiliation of still being fat, while he shows me videos and pictures of other people who have lost more weight than me in the same time.

Any words of encouragement that I'm doing the right thing by not turning back to smoking to deal with the weight problem would be much appreciated!