My quitting story...

Hello fellow quitters. 


Long time lurker, first time poster. I’ve been wanting to share my thoughts on this subject for a long time and I can’t think of a better time to do it than right now.


This Halloween will mark 7 years (31st October 2010) since I quit so I thought I'd share the story of my quitting process. Maybe some of you might find something useful in your own quitting journey.


A little about me before we start. Male, single, 5'7" and about 95kg. Started smoking at 17 to get through the stress of exams. At the time I quit I was 27 and just over a pack a day. 


The first step in any quitting journey is simple. YOU WANT TO WANT TO QUIT. I'm sure a lot of you have had people tell you "It's unhealthy" "It's bad for you" "You should quit". Those words coming from anyone else are meaningless. They go in one ear and out the other. It's upto you to want to quit. I had been feeling like this for around a month before my quit date and had started noticing how bad I’d actually gotten. Little things like my wakeup cigarette had become 3 cigarettes, I spent most of my lunch break smoking and whenever I was around people who smoked it was the only thing on my mind. It had also gotten to the stage that I was the only smoker in my social circles and excusing myself every 20 minutes and coming back smelling like a toilet wasn't a good look.


So I decided to quit. 


The first thing I did was to buy a carton of cigarettes. Yeah, sounds weird right? Don't worry, there was a reason. In the same transaction I bought a box of nicotine patches. When I got home I put the carton and the patches in my cupboard next to each other. That way for the next week or so I was reminded everyday that when the carton ran out I was moving to the patches. 


About 2 packets in I noticed that the quit date was going to line up with Halloween. I decided then that November 1st was going to be my first day without cigarettes. I did this for at least the first 30 days so my progress could be tracked easily. November 17th meant 17 days without a smoke. Etc.


Halloween came and I felt myself getting sick. Instead of being upset I was actually excited at the thought. Usually when you get sick you get disgusted at the taste of a smoke. Why not use that to my advantage? This was it. I was quitting tomorrow! 


November 1st came around and I had 3 cigarettes left in my packet. I decided to put it in the cupboard along with my patches as a reminder of what I was doing. I followed the patches instructions to the letter doing the stage 1 patches for 12 weeks, stage 2 for 2 weeks and the stage 3 for 2 weeks. I forced myself to follow it through to the end. I know people who’ve tried the patches before, gotten 3 weeks in and gave them up only to start smoking a few weeks later. I was determined not to be one of those people. 


Believe it or not, Facebook helped too. I tracked my progress on facebook posting status updates like “Day 7” “Day 30” etc. I found 99% of people give you positive feedback. That positivity was another motivation tool I used to quit.


About 3 months in I had a pretty bad day at work and found myself craving one. When I got home I went to the packet in the cupboard, grabbed one out and lit it up. I started smoking it like I had 3 months earlier but something was different. It tasted like ass and I started getting major headspins. I threw it out and haven’t touched one since. That half cigarette cemented my status as a non smoker. 


As of tomorrow I will have been 7 years without a smoke. I think about all the money I’ve saved, all the improvements my body has made to itself and my friends who’ve also quit through my wisdom and it gives me a great sense of accomplishment. If I can do it, anyone can!


If you’ve got any questions, hit me up.
