A little tough love and advice for our 2015 resolutionaires.

A couple of days in to 2015, I sit here in my office at work and smile. My flair here on this subreddit is my reminder of how many days exactly I've been clean from nicotine, and it's become a bit of a ritual to come here for the simple point of checking. Today, I'm at 18 days.

I honestly thought I would never be able to quit. Isn't that sad? I thought so lowly of myself that I thought I would never be able to bring myself to part ways with cigarettes. Granted, there are people that have been smoking far longer than I have, but it's all the same after a point. People that tell you they can't quit after 30+ years of habit are just as hopelessly addicted as the sap who's been smoking for 15 years. 

So you're sitting there reading this-- or maybe you're standing with your mobile somewhere as the tingle in your index and middle fingers of your dominant hand grows with anticipation. Perhaps it's only been a couple of days at this point. It's terrible, isn't it? You're cursing yourself, you're mind hates you and it's at a point where it's willing to do anything to get you to satiate that desire. It's whispering innocence and calamity all in the same breath. 

Don't you do it.  Don't you fucking do it. We may be world's a part but right now I am demanding your undivided attention. Do you remember what it's like to be free? Your mind is probably telling you that *this isn't free, this is chaos and it hurts* but it's supposed to hurt. Whether you're in the first couple hours of cessation or years, here's a cold hard fact for you-- **you will never be a non-smoker again**.

So how is that supposed to motivate you? Because whether you're a couple hours in or a year, you're in remission. And we could all easily stumble and fall back into our old ways. All it takes is just one, and it's broken. Like alcoholism, you're never cured, you're just not drinking. That's because it's a daily battle, an hourly war, and you have to fight for every single minute or face the consequences. 

Maybe that sounds tough. That's because it is fucking tough. But if I can do it, if the poor sap that's writing this can muster through the worst of it, so can you. So can anyone. My personality is an addictive one, and sometimes a little manic. That's just what I do. But guys and gals, once you quit you remember what it's like to have your life back.

I don't wonder when the next time I'm going to be able to sneak away for a quick puff is. I don't look for reasons to get on the phone and take the call outside. My car doesn't reek of smoke.

I can breathe, and smell. I had gotten used to telling people that I didn't really have a sense of smell for some reason. Worst of all, my weight has ballooned this past year (heavier smoking) because I thought to myself, "Well, smoking really hurts when I go to the gym so I guess I'll keep smoking and quit going."

**Smoking fucked my brain up so bad I decided it was better to keep doing it than go to the gym.** If that's not the epitome of lazy I really don't know what is. But I broke the habit, and I am certain anyone reading this can do it as well.

So for those who are entering 2015 with resolution and resolve in hand, I am telling you that it's hard. *Real hard*. At first. But if you can muster up the gumption to control yourself for four or five days, you'll find it gets easier. And eventually, you'll be asking yourself what you found so hard about quitting to begin with. Smoking will seem like a no-brainer again, just the other way round.

Lean on people for help. This sub is a great community, but also find friends who don't smoke and tell them what's up. If they're not super shitty I think you'll find most people will be glad to help. When a craving hits, suffer through it. 

Get a watch and count the seconds, because every second not spent smoking is a victory. And enough victories in a row will calm the urge, and then you've won that battle.

Toothpicks. Plastic silverware. Anything disposable that you can use to fight the urge will help as well. I kept a whole box of plastic spoons at my desk for the first week because having something to chew on during cravings really helped me. *There are no set paths, just find your own way and get to the other side*.

Just fuckin' do it already, will ya?

<3