You guys are the best

This is the furthest I've ever gone without smoking since lighting my first 11 years ago. 


I used to be quite passionate about smoking, I bought expensive tobacco, alternated between brands to keep it fresh and exciting, found some pride in my rolling skills, I mean I could make a perfect rollup without looking. I may have made a friend or two take it up despite my protests.


Then recently I pirated Allen Carr on a whim and half ironically put it in my phone. Just to see what he had to say. The clarity of his arguments blew me away. I just could not argue with that guy. I mean there's a lot of blatant self promotion at the start and that's kinda boring, but he gets to the good bits pretty quickly. 


I don't actually enjoy smoking - the withdrawals are just doing me a bamboozle. I have nothing to lose because it is NOT enjoyable. I just thought it was. I was a drooling pavlovian dog, a pigeon in a skinner box. That realization alone has been enough for me to quit. So I finished the book, set a date at a music festival where I tried to find a reason to keep smoking - really consciously watching and tasting and feeling what it's like to be a smoker. Couldn't find it. I quit the day after I came back. Told my last smoke how much I hated it, installed Smoke Free and that was that.


I'm not saying it's over, but the first 3 or 4 days were pretty intense and I'm already feeling a lot better. I can actually smell now (the city smells like shit, who knew) and I feel a lot more energetic, been going on walks all the time and not getting out of breath. I only have the rest of eternity to go and I'm not afraid at all. This is like so doable. Drank around smokers too, can't say I didn't feel some part of me whispering "bum one", but I squashed it with extreme prejudice because I can choose who I am and I am not that.


I've been coming back here every day since I quit. You guys are the best flipping support group I could ever imagine. Interacting with strangers is exhausting for me. I could attend a chair circle in theory, but I would probably relapse just to get away from them. It would also be on a set schedule, so I couldn't get the support I needed when I needed it. I can come lurk here anytime, marvel at the success stories, internalize encouragement and see I am not alone in this. It really helped to come here whenever I had a craving. I hereby extend a huge THANKS to this community. You guys are the best.


tl;dr: her eyes are a blue million miles