My Allen Carr's method summary. Please help expand and improve.

The following is a short exposition of Allen Carr's method. I want it to be a self-sufficient article, that i could post on various forums to help people stop smoking. Currently it is incomplete and flawed, so i hope you help me expand and fix it. Ideally it should make a reader stop smoking right after reading it, but i realize it may not be possible for various psychological reasons :).

-----------------

Quitting smoking is dead easy. I know you don't believe me, but it doesn't matter, just read on.

When you finish reading this article, you will be a non-smoker. This might make you feel that i'm going to scare or coerce you into quitting. Quite the opposite. Not only quitting is easy and painless, you aren't even obliged to me with anything. If you don't want to quit or aren't sure you'll succeed, you have nothing to lose, just read on.

Actually, if you are a smoker, i entreat you to continue smoking while you read. Light up the cigarette now.

The only reason why smokers smoke is because of fear. Only fear prevents them from quitting. This fear is so big, that you may have started feeling it, when i said you can easily quit.

I'm not going to tell you that smoking is unhealthy, expensive, repulsive, and i also won't insult your personal qualities. If admonitions and insults worked, nobody would smoke.

It's not your fault that you are a smoker. It wasn't your conscious decision to smoke for the rest of your life. Smoking is not a habit, it is a genuine drug addiction. Therefore it causes your brain to invent all sorts of wrong beliefs, attitudes and fears.

Every smoker without exception wants to quit. But they want it some other day, not today. They want it, but they are afraid. This fear is irrational, because smokers think they would lose something valuable.

They believe that they will have to endure suffering, deprivation and unmet desires indefinitely. That food and gatherings won't bring pleasure. That they will never be able to concentrate, cope with stress, feel confident. That their personality or temper will irreversibly change. That they will never ever feel completely free and will forever dream about a casual cigarette.

All of the above is false. I'll show you that it's the smoking itself that creates all the problems, and quitting is actually an easy and pleasant experience.

Many people claim that smoking helps with tension, stress and boredom. But non-smokers don't need cigarettes to smoke to calm down or concentrate. Actually it's the opposite.

Nicotine is highly addictive and creates dependency the moment you inhale smoke for the first time. Nicotine reaches the brain 10-20 seconds after inhalation. Then your body starts to remove it fast. After 2 hours only half of nicotine remains in your bloodstream. Dependency means that you have to replenish the amount of nicotine every time it becomes too low. Otherwise withdrawal symptoms appear. That's why you smoke again and again to return to the tranquil state, in which the non-smokers always remain.

Smoking doesn't relieve stress. When you're under stress, you also experience withdrawal. As smoking helps relieve it, you feel that stress partially goes away. Truth is you were under double stress.

Smoking doesn't relieve boredom. Because of addiction you can't enjoy your activity without constantly replenishing nicotine, so it's nicotine that makes you bored in the first place.

Smoking doesn't help concentrate. You just have a nicotine hunger that you temporarily satisfy before starting to work.

Smoking doesn't help relax. Nicotine is a stimulant, it increases heartbeat and blood pressure. But addiction makes you agitated, so you need a cigarette to calm down.

Smoking doesn't instill confidence. Confident people don't panic when they're running low on cigarettes.

Some people say they simply like smoking. Nobody really enjoys it, because nobody enjoys the disgusting taste, the repellent scent, the cough and suffocation.

There are even some, who claim they need to make their hands or mouth busy. But why should it be the cigarette? You could easily use something else instead.

You see now that smoking is not your support and doesn't help you with anything. Consequently there's nothing to lose from quitting. Cigarettes don't fill the void, they create it.

But nevertheless you may think quitting is going to be hard. But truth is, the physical dependency is not strong at all. The withdrawal symptoms resemble slight hunger, sucking emptiness feeling, which is easy to ignore. And they also last no more than three weeks, and often even less.

But why do people think it's so hard? First, because they have all sorts of delusions that make them irrationally fear quitting. And second, because they wrongly believe that to quit they require willpower.

There are many things that are gradual and hard. Becoming a world-class athlete is a good example. But quitting addiction isn't gradual and hard at all. It is instant and easy. But people think quitting is sacrificing something valuable and therefore requires willpower. This is brainwashing and it is very strong.

When you try to quit using willpower, you put yourself under stress. Not only you crave for nicotine, but you also constantly fight it. Instead of rejoicing your salvation, you start as if you undertake a titanic work. You exhaust yourself and feed your fears, until you surrender.

But all these feelings exist only in your mind. Simply change your attitude towards quitting. You already know that there's absolutely no reason to crave for cigarettes and you understand the mechanics of withdrawal symptoms.

You are ready to stop smoking. Before you light up your last cigarette, read the following instructions.

1. Realize you can easily attain your goal. We are members of the same species, if other people could, you can too.

2. You have absolutely nothing to lose, but so much to obtain.

3. Forget about a casual cigarette. You won't have addiction any more, so you won't need it too.

4. It's not a habit, it's an addiction. And it is progressive. The best moment to do it - now.

5. There is a difference between physical and psychological dependencies. The former will go away itself, don't worry about it. The latter depends only on your attitude. Understand that when you make the final decision, you are already a non-smoker.

6. Never doubt your decision.

7. Don't use any substitutes, you don't need them.

8. Don't suppress the thoughts about cigarettes, they are normal. Just remind yourself how happy you are for finally being free.

9. Don't avoid smokers, you have nothing to fear. Remind yourself that it's them, who deserve pity.

10. Don't keep the cigarettes nearby. You are a non-smoker, why do you need them for? You don't need to test yourself, you will not lose.

If you still aren't sure, then you haven't understand something. Carefully reread the article. And don't be afraid, you are still free to continue smoking, if you wish.

Now it's time to smoke for the last time in your life. It's a small ritual before you become a free person. Solemnly promise yourself you will never smoke again. Light up your cigarette. Make the first puff. Concentrate on your feelings. Realize how disgusting is the taste and how unpleasant is the lack of air. When finished, rejoice over your victory. Throw away everything related to smoking. You will never need it again.

Congratulations!

Disclaimer. This article is written under the impression from Allen Carr's book "Easy Way to Stop Smoking". If my article didn't help you, give this book a try.

---------------

I also have an [edited version of this summary](http://www.reddit.com/r/sindikat/comments/1pvcdf/how_to_stop_smoking_once_and_for_all/), where the introduction is different.