I want to know, what smokers feel when they are judged or lectured by non-smokers

I want to hear your opinions and feeling about those times, when somebody assumes you are weak or lacking willpower, or somebody who has no idea what smoking is feels the need to lecture you about the dangers and everything.

I posted my [feelings about this on Quora](http://www.quora.com/Addiction-1/Should-people-who-have-never-experienced-substance-addiction-firsthand-refrain-from-making-judgements-about-the-character-and-motivations-of-addicts/answer/Mirzhan-Irkegulov). If you can't view Quora for some reason (they have stupid limitations for unregistered viewers), read below

------

I agree with Catherine Martin. Addictions have nothing in common with weak-mindedness, lack of willpower or lack of self-control. You can be weak and strong, addicted and non-addicted, in any combination between the 2 groups.

The nature of addiction is different. Imagine a really strong-willed and self-disciplined individual, being implanted with a chip that controls them, makes them do things and behave it certain ways. This is addiction.

At least for nicotine it works on a psychological, not physiological level. It works by associating positive feelings with removal of withdrawal symptoms. That's why smokers honestly believe cigarettes help them concentrate, calm down, cope with stress, feel confident, dispel boredom. Because withdrawal symptoms are ever-increasing, they require constant nicotine replenishment, so you can't concentrate, or calm down, or cope with stress, because you are in addition stressed by lack of nicotine in the bloodstream, so when you smoke, you are back to normal. In other words, you are back to the state, in which non-smokers always are!

This illusion makes the smoker treat cigarettes as friends, helpers. Imagine somebody wants to take away something that is associated with best things of your life. Of course you will be freaked out. That's why smokers regard quitting as an enormous sacrifice, as losing something immensely valuable.

In addition to that they also bear colossal irrational fears towards quitting. They dread that they will endure deprivation and suffering, that food won't taste good and hangouts won't be fun, that they will never be able to relax or focus without help, that their personality will never be the same, and finally, that they will always long for a casual cigarette for the rest of their lives. This is all false, but smokers don't know that, and many are strongly convinced, because psychological dependency made quitting an agonizing experience.

Thus, smokers are not weak and not irresponsible, they are just deluded. Don't let this flatter you, you are just as brainwashed by media, as they are, because you have no idea how nicotine dependency works and what smokers feel. You have never experienced all these direct and indirect admonitions and insults from everyone and everything, you never had to watch through the anti-tobacco campaign ads made by people who never smoked, you never had to tolerate ugly pictures on cigarette packs, you never had to feel shame for hiding your addiction. No wonder smokers become extremely defensive and passive-aggressive, when some self-important know-all feels the need to lecture them about the dangers of smoking.

Every time someone reprimands a smoker, this is regarded as a straight-forward insult and mockery. And rightly so, because the one reprimanding does so to feel good about themselves, rarely out of sheer concern. But if it is done in good faith, if you can't provide real help, then leave the poor fellow alone, your advise is of no help and your reminder is redundant.

So to recapitulate, yes, you should refrain from judging smokers.