Don't upvote, just therapy

I don't even know why I am writing this. I have tried to quit smoking so many times already, I have lost track.. and each and every single time I quit, I relapsed within two or three days. 

I kept on telling everyone that indeed yes, I did quit, I am not smoking anymore, but it was all a lie. 
As soon as I came back home I rushed the Tobacco shop and bought 2 packs, which I emptied immediately - maybe within 5-8 hours max. 

Now I am trying it again, I didn't tell anyone that I quit although I'm sure people ave noticed. The nicotine gum helps keep the depression and the infinite amount of self-manifesting, random anger at bay. 

Yet still sometimes.. the demons breach the fragile sanctuary I have build and questions rise from the deep, is it really worth it? The blurry vision, the dark mood..and the feeling of never ending loneliness. I know, I have done my research.. like probably everyone else going on this journey. They keep telling me: "There is light at the end of the tunnel!", "Everything will get better, you will feel good again, trust us, trust us, trust us.. believe.. ". 

But the fog of hopelessness, not only blurring my vision but burying all that is good and the future, which once was so bright under its cloak. Doubts.. doubts.. so many of them, replicating, whispering, manifesting themselves out of the cesspool which lies there, where once was hope, replaced by despair.

I just don't know (anymore), I think I'm imprisoned. 

At least the craving got better, maybe, just.. maybe.. this will end

(I'm pretty sure this post will die very fast, but I honestly don't care. If you are reading this right now, I wish you all the best and good luck.. let's just give it the best shot we have dammit!, no one can expect any more.).

EDIT: Hey guys, just wanted to update before I go pray to the gods for some minutes of sleep. I had very very positive feelings today and then some really bad ones, then a really very positive, nearly manic phase. An now, at 1:15am i have lost all hope. I'm realy EXTREMELY depressed, it's unbelievable. The cravings are the worst, and i don't know how i will manage tomorrow without my 3 cigarettes while reading reddit after waking up. I have realy strange thoghts.. and just so depressed no words to describe it. I was very rude to my gf as well, i know she has nothing to do with it but i felt i HAD to project my anger on-to her. I feel like i am in a dream..endless and i wish more and more it would just end :(. I don't know I feel absolutely alone on this world and I feel like talking to my gf and showing her all that is going on within me is a very bad Idea i just don't want to be percieved as week (I know, I know, totaly fucked up thoughts, but nonetheless.. real within this context, there is no controversy to find from this(my) state). Thats it for the Update, I have nothing more to say.. it's so, so.. empty sigh. Take care. 