19 days without a cigarette, but I feel like I've run into a huge snag.

I had my last cigarette 19 days ago.  I've lurked a long time around this sub, but it took me a while before I found the courage to finally quit.  I've run into a weird snag, and I'm not sure if I should be concerned about it or not.

So I'll try to make this short.  For the past 4 years I've had chronic pain, and it was always the biggest inhibitor for me to quit smoking.  If I tried to stop, my pain would start getting worse.  I'd become extremely irritable (moreso than with just the usual nicotine withdrawals), and I'd be a lot less functional.  Then again though, I knew cigarettes were also probably making my pain worse in the long term, because of how much they were making it hard for me to breathe and get through my daily life.  They were also contributing to the headaches and nervousness I would get.

About a year ago I read Allen Carr's book, and I loved it.  As much as it resonated with me though, the sort of "magical transformation" he talked about never happened to me.  I didn't read it again because I felt so discouraged.  A month ago I picked it up again for the first time since, and it helped more, but the same sort of transformation didn't happen.  Instead of being discouraged this time, I used what resonated with me as motivation.

For the first few days of coming off I had a pack of snus on me to get me through the worst moments of irritability and withdrawals.  After that I went nearly two weeks without anything.  Then this last Thursday after I thought I was nearly home free, it started happening again.  I tried fighting through it but I was up all night, unable to sleep or focus.  I wanted to take out my irritability on people when it would not at all be appropriate.  I dipped into the old snus packet, afraid that I might just be prolonging the cycle.  I felt better for a couple of days, but here I am again, two days later sucking on another one of these fucking things.

So here's my question.  Is this something I should be concerned about?  I know Mr. Carr was pretty adamant about avoiding any tobacco products whatsoever, but since his method just couldn't seem to kick in for me, I felt I had to figure out my own path on this one.  What are the thoughts of those of you who were successful?  Do I gotta keep working through this, or is it okay to have something to help curb the worst of the symptoms?