To you recent quitters.

Godspeed. Blessings I bestow upon you. 

Take that for what you will, but I mean it from the bottom of my heart. 

I still vividly remember my first day of quitting. Scared to go outside, scared to eat, scared to drink, scared to do anything enjoyable that would normally lead to a smoke. It hurt. It burned. Anger, depression, fear. Regret, even plagued every fibre of my being.

But i fought through.

I remember day 30. Moving. Driving 400 miles in one day, and then unpacking. Life sucked, reality burned. A smoke would make it better, tolerable at worst. But I didn't look back. I kept going.

I remember my first drink not to be followed by nicotine. I was scared. The craving raged. Desire consumed my thoughts. But I didn't cave.

Day 100, I got drunk in celebration. Depression hit me days after. Soul crushing, (near)life ending emotion pain. Smoking wouldn't have solved anything. I knew that. It would just lead to more pain and regret later on down the road.

Finals (my last finals) almost broke me. I went in to Walmart with the intent of buying a pack. I regained my strength and walked out. Head held high. Cravings still present.

Nearing day 200 now. The cravings are still there. I still cant watch *Good Will Hunting.* I don't care about the addiction. I know I will never touch another smoke again. I know I have conquered it. Depression still lingers, pain is still present, but I have a new found strength. I quit my absolute worst habit. I walked away from (one of) the most addictive substances known to man. I finally did it. I conquered my demons, I carried my cross. Giving up now would mean wasting the last 200 days of my young life.

What am I saying with this drunken Sunday night ramble? Keep going. Stay strong. Don't give in. Embrace the struggle. All the other cliches I can think of. Cry, run, scream, curse, break down and be rebuilt, but for the love of yourself, continue.

Accomplish this one great personal feat, and find new confidence in yourself. Know that if you can conquer this addiction, there is nothing you can't conquer. Believe in yourself. Find your inner strenght and persevere.

And for the love of everything you hold dear, if you meet another quitter or aspiring quitter (redditors) pass on what you have learned, and try as best you can to empower others. If I can do, then so can you; and if you can do it, then it is your duty to help others along.

Stay strong friends. This is one of the few habits in life, that if you quit, can greatly improve your existence. I wish you the best. I hope you succeed, and I can honestly say that it will get easier, and any other challenge you face will not compare to this challenge you will soon conquer.