Quitting smoking is easy - ex pack and a half a day smoker

Not really -
Quitting smoking might've been one of the hardest things I've done in my adult life. I smoked started smoking when i was 17, i hated cigarettes up until this point, both parents smoked so i grew up with a hate for it coupled with the fact that my grandfather got cancer when he was 60 and experiencing him going through chemo etc was a lot. 
Even after all of that though, i still somehow convinced myself (at 17) that smoking was the "cool" thing to do and ended up becoming a chain smoker about a year after. Smoking a pack and a half a day for roughly 4 years, and loving it, i had no intention to quit. I went on for about three years like that, eventually realizing how terrible it was for me and anyone else who happens to smoke i decided if i could go 2 weeks without one i would never smoke again... obviously i never went 30 minutes much less 2 weeks so i went on another year, chain smoking. One night getting pretty shitty with friends i smoked 2 packs, waking up the next morning with 3 cigarettes left i decided that i would try to smoke those 3 and quit forever (obviously not believing it was possible). But being super hungover that day i smoked my three, felt miserable, and went a couple hours without them. i bummed one from my dad and sat down and decided that if this was my last cigarette ever that i wouldn't be too upset. I literally had to make myself hate cigarettes in order to quit, i lived in a house with people that smoked inside, i ended up moving out because the smoke was unbearable especially being that i was trying to quit. For the first week i counted the minutes, then hours, then days, then weeks. I guess i am still counting months since Feb 1 will be 7 months, but i haven't seriously considered smoking a cigarette in 2-3 months and i was a chain smoker if there ever is one. Now i hate cigarettes, you don't realize how bad you annoy everyone till you quit. So i guess what I'm trying to say here is that if you don't want to smoke anymore you won't smoke. it obviously not that easy, but i can say that i honestly do not want a cigarette, and will not want one in the foreseeable future. Not to mention I've saved like 7.50$ a day, and I'm not gonna die of cancer if thats not enough reason to keep going. Motivation.