Is it time to reset the clock?

Hey team,
I started smoking when I was 18 and continued for seven years. At my worst I was a pack and half a day smoker. After several failed attempts at quitting, the longest lasting three months, I quit for what I hope to be my last time last June. I read up on this sub and determined the best way to do it was pick a date and just quit cold turkey, and that's exactly what I did. My counter currently says 253 days and counting...but now I'm not so sure. 

The last week of February I embarked on a five day cruise to Mexico with the homies for a bachelor party. We all got the unlimited drinks package, and as it worked out that of the seven of us I was the only nonsmoker. For the first three days (the first being the road trip down to port and two days out at sea) I was white knuckling the whole time. Sometimes I had to excuse myself to go to the nonsmoking sections of the boat but that meant I probably wouldn't find the rest of the gang until dinner. I felt ostracized, conflicted and just downright miserable.  

I caved on the third day. Here's how I rationalized it: If I smoke or not, I'll be having cravings after the trip just from the sheer amount of second hand smoke, I'll be miserable if I try to keep this up and considering the extraordinary circumstances of this vacation if there's a time to snooze the clock now is the time. I went in and bought two packs to share, one for the groom to hold and one for me and the rest of the guys. I probably smoked a little less than a pack in three days' time. 

When we got off the boat for the last time, most of us had a final smoke goodbye but I refrained; the trip was over and so was my little Rumspringa. At first I was content that this was an exception, it doesn't count and I can keep on going. But this weekend I was at a party, drunk and high (while on antibiotics, very stupid I know), and ended up smoking two cigarettes. Normally this wouldn't happen but I think it did because my cravings were that much more intense because of my lapse on the cruise. 

Have I fallen off the boat entirely at this point? Do I need to reset my counter?  If I have to start all again from zero, the willpower holding me back right now will most likely go away. I won't be a regular smoker, but I won't have any moral qualms being an occasional smoker. On the flip side, I feel like my counter is a lie. What do you guys think? Please weigh in with whatever opinion you have.

Thanks for reading.