I need coping ideas.

On May 21st I went to the emergency room with sudden and sever pain in my chest(under my right breast) and shortness of breath. I really thought I was having a heart attack. 

Not a heart attack, but a 1 inch mass in my right lung. The doctor gave me a one week course of antibiotics and told me to get a follow up ct scan. He made no secret of his opinion that this was worse than a lung infection. Trying not to worry, I focused on the fact that I do feel better. Not all the way better. But better. The pain is more manageable, and more a discomfort that occurs on certain occasions like deep breathing, laying in my side, and pulling or lifting heavy objects. 

It took some time to schedule the follow up appointment and yesterday the doctor used the words lung cancer. She seemed to also feel that I am looking at something more serious. She was not happy that I had not shared the issue with any of my family members. We scheduled my follow up CT scan for the 15th of this month. Then there will be a follow up to discuss the findings, then if it's still there, a biopsy scheduled. The process has been agonizingly slow. 

Add to this, I quit smoking yesterday. It is hard. It's really really hard. What are some ways I can cope with the stress of this medical issue hanging over me?The quitting smoking does not help. Smoking feels like my best friend. It's what I turn to when things are hard. It has always been there and expects so little in return. I love smoking. I feel shitty for wanting to smoke, but shittier that I'm not. I don't know how to not smoke. Do other people quit under stressful situations? What do they do? I'm eating too much and walking around my house like a crackhead. I feel claustrophobic and stuck. The nicotine lozenges taste like shit. 

Okay. That feels better. Venting helps. I need to quit. Even if this isn't cancer it's reason to quit. I'm only 42. I want better health and more disposable income. I want to not have to go outside in the winter. Or step away to smoke in social events. I want to French kiss my non smoking boyfriend without worrying if I've used mouthwash since my last cigarette. And I to live. 