Thanks for the add! This is my goodbye letter to cigarettes.

Hey everyone! I'm almost 24 hours smoke free. I've been trying to quit since a year after I started smoking (October 2001). The longest I've quit is a few months but I don't think I was ever as ready as I am now. As I was smoking my last cigarette last night, I wrote a goodbye letter to cigarettes. Even though I'm still craving them, I think this has given me some closure and the strength to quit for good:

Dear cigarettes, 

We've had quite a journey since we first met. You've been there for me through some of the worst times of my life. You were there for me during my divorce, my deployments, during the loss of two of my best childhood friends, but it is time to finally say our goodbyes. I've come to realize that our relationship is toxic to me as well as everyone I love. 

I know I will miss you but I can no longer allow you to wreak havoc on my health and my bank account. There is no room for you in my otherwise healthy lifestyle. I'm looking forward to being able to smell, taste, and breathe better. I'm ready for better skin. I don't want six years and thousands of dollars spent on braces to be in vain, because if I continue keep you in my life, I'm sure I will lose this beautiful smile that I've waited my whole life to have. 

The money I would be spending on you will be going into my daughter's college fund to make sure she gets a great start in life. The years of life I will be giving myself will afford me the opportunity to watch her grow into an adult and follow her dreams. I want to be there for her and my future grandchildren as long as I possibly can. The most selfish thing for me to do is to keep you in my life, knowing that I am taking years of my own life from my daughter, family, and friends. 

I know for sure that my own father will be taken from me sooner in part because of you and I don't want my own daughter to feel that same pain as I know it will be unbearable for me when the time comes. 

Thank you for being there for me when I thought I needed you but the time has come where I now realize you have only been hindering me from accomplishing great things in my life. 