Last wednesday I smoked my last cigarette!

Hi everyone! I'm new here and last wednesday I smoked my last cigarette.

About a month ago I decided that it was time to try and stop smoking once and for all. I have been smoking since I was 15, full time smoking since I was 16 and I'm now 21. Actually I stopped smoking for a couple of months 2 years ago and used [snus](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Snus) instead but it didn't work for me (obviously) but this time I feel like it's going to work! This time I bought an e-cig instead.

The e-cig is much closer to smoking than using snus so right away it felt easier to not smoke as much and I smoked less than half of my daily amount of cigarettes right off the bat (I used to smoke 2 packs in 3 days most of the time) so now I was down to 5 cigarettes a day instead. From there on I smoked one less cigarette every two days and was in the end only smoking one cigarette in the morning and one in the evening.

I did that for 2 weeks and last wednesday night I had only 1 cigarette left in my pack and said "Fuck it! I'm not buing a new one tomorrow!" and I didn't. The first day went by fine. I was vaping more than before but it was still fine. So was the second day. On the third day it was harder. I was vaping as usual in the morning but by midday I was really craving for a cigarette. So much so that I put on my coat and shoes and was ready to leave at any moment to go to the store. I just kept walking back and forth in my apartement for almost an hour considering going to the store and buying a pack but in the end I didn't and instead I vaped until I was starting to feel sick (which didn't make me crave for a cigarette any more at least).

It's still harder to not smoke than the first 2 days were but not as hard as the third day and now it's getting easier and easier. My plan is to get rid of the nicotine as well, but one thing at a time. Next time I'll probably order an e-juice with a lower nicotine amount than the one I'm currently using (18mg for those that were wondering) but this is still a major leap for me and it actually feels like I might make it this time!

Sorry if the post was confusing at some points. My native language isn't English.