One year down!

I'm a 32 year old dude who smoked a pack of Marlboro 27s every day for 16 years. One year ago yesterday I did what I had always assumed was impossible and put my last smoke out and never lit another one.

If you are here because you are trying to work up the gumption to quit: Do it. There are literally no down sides and so many plusses. I went the "exercise as much as possible to keep from feeling homicidal" route and as a result I'm in the best shape I've ever been in. 15 minutes before I started typing this I was running my third mile around my state's capitol with a smile on my face. That's not it though. I look better, I smell better, I have confidence that I definitely didn't have before. I can fuck like a champion. I can sit through a movie all the way to the end of the credits without the gripping desire to get out to the parking lot as quickly as possible. Never again will I go back and forth through airport security multiple times on a layover.

Seriously, there is no feeling quite as freeing as when you realize that you no longer crave nicotine. It's amazing, and I went my entire adult life without knowing how it felt.

Here's the thing: I always heard ex-smokers say that they always kind of still wanted to smoke, they still thought about it on a daily basis and that scared the shit out of me and it killed my urge to quit. Why would I put myself into a perpetual state of withdrawal for the rest of my life right? What I didn't understand was that the urge to smoke when you aren't a smoker is really different from when you are fully in the clutches of nicotine addiction. I'll be out drinking with my friends and someone will be smoking and I'll smell it, but instead of my heart starting to race and my thoughts starting to cloud I just think, "Man, I remember when that was me. I hope that guy can quit someday too". It's like running into an ex that used to abuse you: Sure there are some good memories but once you've been apart for long enough you have the objectivity to weigh how many more shitty memories there were and move on with your life.

Quitting is hard no matter how you do it. I know a lot of people in this sub are die-hard cold turkey advocates, and if that works for you then do it. My advice would be to try a million things and if one doesn't work move on to another. I vaped for about three weeks before I just said fuck it and went cold turkey. I had failed at cold turkey two or three times before that. Vaping worked for me. See what works for you. Make a hobby out of your quit. If just deciding "I'm done and that's it" is too huge and scary (and any smoker can sympathize with that fear) then just maybe experiment with not smoking for 1 day. How do you feel? Is the sky falling? No? Maybe see how you feel after 2 days. To each their own. I believe that falling off the wagon isn't that big of a deal as long as you continue to jump back on after. Eventually it's less work just to quit.

TL;DR: Not being a smoker kicks the shit out of being a smoker in every way. To my brothers and sisters who are about to quit, good luck, godspeed, and enjoy life post-smoking. To my brothers and sisters who have already quit, I'm so happy to be one of you today. I'm not gonna smoke today and I hope you don't either. Thanks for listening to my rant.