Something for you guys who haven't quit yet, but want to.

I wanted to check in and share my experience with you.

I'm 31, and I had been smoking a pack a day since I was 15 years old. This is my third quit after failing two cold turkey attempts previously, one after two months and one after a week. This time around I'm 100% done. I'm not so positive that I'm cocky but unlike my my previous quits, this time I truly don't even *want* to smoke anymore. It feels great, and I wanted to share some stuff that I wish someone had told me when I was still a smoker who wanted to quit but was intimidated by the prospect.

First and foremost, your quit is a journey through addiction and health. It's not a damn race, and there's no right and wrong way to do it. I love this sub and it helped me a lot but too often in here I see posts about how cessation techniques like vaping are the "wrong" way to quit, or how slipping and having a cigarette in a moment of weakness is this monumental failure that erases all of your progress and resets your quit as if you had never even started. I think that attitudes like that really work for some people, but for others like myself it adds this giants weight and sense of impossibility to a task that's already challenging.

So I guess I wanted to just come in and say, "Quit how you quit and let others do what they like as well." Personally, after failing at cold turkey twice, I did things differently this time around. For the first 3 weeks I tried vaping and lozenges. Also during the first 2 weeks I had a couple of moments (8 total in two weeks) where I caved and bummed a smoke off of my gf who smokes. I instantly regretted it, and before long I decided I didn't want to bum any cigarettes anymore and would stick to the vape. I week or so later I decided I was done with the vape, and a few days after that I decided to replace nicotine in any form with exercise and jumped into the deep end of total cold turkey. And it's working this time.

My point with that is that my number (which is 66 days as of me writing this) doesn't represent the number of days I've been without nicotine or even cigarettes. My number represents the last day I went to the store and bought a pack. It represents me starting the journey of quitting. Included in my number are some stumbles and some brief moments of relapse, but when I look at that number I see the number of days ago when I finally said, "screw this, I'm going to start quitting" and began doing so. I can't look at it as one huge decision I made or I get too intimidated and overwhelmed and can't handle it. I look at it as a string of small decisions that I make daily, and that feels more manageable to me.

I guess my point with all of this is that don't let other people (including me) try and tell you what is going to work best for you. You try and fail as many times as you need to find the path you are gonna take through quitting. Just keep trying. Once you've decided you seriously want to quit you're already halfway there, far further along than 99% of smokers. Just walk the path. If you fall off it's not a problem. Just dust yourself off and get started down another.

My path included some hiccups early on, but now it includes me running a 5K almost daily as a warm up before I go to the gym. That would have been impossible for me just 2 months ago. Now I'm in the best shape I have ever been in in my life and it feels amazing. 

You can do this. You might stumble, you might fall, but almost everyone does. The trick is to get back up and get back on a path.

This got a little rambly but I hope it helps someone out there. This sub is awesome, you guys are awesome, I can't tell you how stoked I am that we are all getting healthy together.

Cheers guys.