What made me instantly Quit cigarettes

This is mainly to anyone just within the first few days of quitting but  looking forward to your "next last cigarette(s)" . 


I come on here to pass time and cravings a lot,  so I set free of the ball and chain tonight.  Thanks to  a tiny amount of lsd. (more on that later)  which allowed me to see this from a very personal and fresh perspective.  I thought I would share it :) 

 Treat the hunger for nicotine quite like a false stomach begging for neurotoxins. 
    The only way to kill it is to starve it until it slowly dies away.  Once this is complete 
    You realize how fucking stupid that 4 billion dollar capitalist joke really is.  And how absolutely ridiculous the notion of your whole "my last official cigarette"  was.  

If you have heard of anything like this before I encourage you to at least google it.  It made me objectively decide to quit cigarettes. 
 I suggest researching all you can about it (lsd and addiction)  before rather than just going ahead and dropping acid in hopes of finding a reason to quit.  

Educate yourself about what exactly  chemicals you're breathing in (and staying in)  while smoking and what exact chemicals are making you make excuses to 
Continue this shit. 

What helped me in social situations was I would bum a smoke from someone and just hold in it my hands,  in smokers pose.  Unlit.  Just forcing myself to get lost in the conversation.  Before you know it you just passed your first craving and that tiny spark of motivation gives a small window  for the real you to say  "Listen to me.  I am Infected,  this dude is covering me with excuses to keep slowly killing yourself." 

Give your cravings a personality.  Cool nick.  Nick-o-teen.  This guy is annoying as fuck and he keeps blabbering on about cigarettes,  but!  He's only visiting and if you just stay silent  he will leave in 3 long, long,  minutes.  

"There is no such thing as that Last cigarette.  "

" It was a trap all along." 


Say these like  Montras  to yourself to be aware of when a craving hits and remember awareness is key. 

Light a cigarette but watch it burn all the way to the end without taking one puff.  The blatant acceptance forced on your mind will get you in that mindstate of a non-smoker. 

You're initial reaction will be " what a waste,  I could be smoking this" 

Think of that situation in a  non smokers view.  ( which is what you want to be.)

They're laughing at you for worrying about a waste of cigarette. 
When all along the whole pack of cigarettes are a waste of time, money and oh yeah.  It's a waste of a human being. psychological suicide.  

It's a dangerous trap.  And it seems so innocent at first.  I hope this helped anyone like me who come on just to look for reasons to pass on the next craving :)  good luck out there. 



Just remember.  The suffering will subside and eventually diminish. The cigarettes only feed it.  Just be strong and know there is a future you that is healthy.  That future is  attainable. 

