I did not smoke for 21 days and don't want to anymore

I was a casual smoker for 5 years, usually bumming off of other people. At first the only times I bought a pack was during very stressful times like the college finals or after my ex broke my heart. Then I started to smoke when I was bored. About 3 years ago I met my bf who smokes regularly. We always shared a smoke before a movie, after dinner, before sleep, after an argument, after sex. It wasn't a lot, but it was regular and constant. I started to initiate smoking when with him. And when not with him I found myself buying cartons whenever I was stressed or bored or just reading Reddit in a parking lot.

My resting heart rate became 80bpm from 55bpm.  I noticed how it was harder to talk while walking. My voice changed a bit. I was always on edge and barely able to contain myself. I used to feel like smoking just one more cigarette will calm me down and help me deal with life or my anxiety better. It never did though. 

In addition I was always feeling self-conscious about the smell. I felt guilty for doing something harmful for my body. I lacked motivation and was tired all the time.

On September 3 I smoked my last cigarette. I was sceptical that I would be able to stick to my resolve so I didn't announce that I was quitting to anyone. Perhaps that was a good thing. During weeknights after working and morning after waking up I started drinking copious amounts of green tea. The tea making ritual helped. So did having something warm in my hands. It was calming to go through heating up some water on the stove, waiting for it to be hot enough, pouring it over a tea bag in a clean white cup of tea and waiting for it to cool down enough to drink. Over and over. The urge to smoke subsides eventually. 

I was moving this month and made it through a very stressful move-out all on my own. I wanted to smoke many, many times and very badly. Racing against a deadline and decluttering were both really stressful but I did it. I didn't buy a pack of Camel menthols like I used to from the gas station down the street. The app Quit Now helped out by talking to others in the same boat. I also made it through not smoking when my bf smoked right next to me. 

Anytime I encountered the moments where I am just wanting to enjoy the day from inside my car, I used to miss having a cigarette in my hands. It clicked and I told myself that I don't need to have a cigarette at these times. I never needed to. I can just *be* in the moment and do nothing. The more times I resisted, the easier it got and the more my brain accepted it as normal that I didn't need to smoke. 

Without forcing it down my throat I looked at how people actually died from smoking. They have lung cancer from it. It is not a romantic, beautiful thing but rather evil. 

I hope to continue resisting and break this vile habit. It helped so much to read other people's accounts, their thoughts about it. One of the top posts in this subreddit made a lot of sense to me. When you measure time by the next cigarette you can let yourself neglect the big picture in life. 
