100!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

Holy shit. This snuck up on me.

This is the longest quit I've made so far.

But honestly, it feels way different. I was hanging out last night with some friends, and there was some vaping going on... absolutely no urge to try. And then there was cigarettes... I think now, just now, I realized that I didn't even have a craving. All night. I didn't even have a *passing thought* of wanting to ask for one. I didn't even need to *steel myself* against it!!!


This is amazing for me. I didn't realize it until I made the post today. I had to try and remember last night... because as far as cigarettes are concerned, it wasn't that memorable. 

What's made this time different?

I'm committed today. Smoking is a matter of life and death to me. 

I think often of my dead uncle, who died less than 10 years older than me... just as skinny and tall as I am... of a heart attack in his sleep. Two packs a day. 38 years old.

I read up on whyquit.com

I've said goodbye.

I don't beat myself up for my past failed attempts, even when I was smoking leading up to this last time. I simply accept that it was part of the learning process leading me to the point that I choose to call myself a 'non-smoker.' I didn't go into this quit saying 'FUCK YOU YOU WEAK PIECE OF SHIT, JUST QUIT.' That doesn't work for me. 

I read up on addiction and learned about how I'm not weak minded. I'm just an addict.

I don't drink... my sobriety date from alcohol and drugs is 07/22/09. People who have read my posts know this. But just FYI... quitting those drugs made my smoking habit kick into second gear. If it's not one thing, it's another! Oh well.

I was trying to impress a date... the date didn't turn into dating, but I'm still quit. I figure I'm just a *hair* more attractive without the smoke. ( :-p)

And of course... I post here all the fucking time. The first week, I made a commitment to post *every single day,* eight posts, one the night I quit, and one every night after that. My goal was to get to the next post without having to reset my badge. That worked through the withdrawals of week one.

I'm going to go out and play some ultimate frisbee at a pick-up game, and run myself into the ground. Then I'm going to go and teach kids piano, and they won't be able to smell grimy smoke on me when I speak with them.

Much love and take care everyone.