72 hours, post 4

So, I went on a date of sorts this evening, and was pretty gacked out, but still had a really great time. I was extremely talkative... and was able to rein it in just a tiny bit to ask some questions.

It's 1:30 AM, and I was able to keep from drinking ANY coffee today, to avoid yesterday's disaster, but I'm still completely jacked.

Playing music has this very calming effect on me; I don't think about anything but the music, and the fuzzy-headedness goes away. I played music until every one of my housemates told me to shut up.

Tomorrow I will do my first cardio in five months. I'm pretty terrified, and I'm pretty sure I will throw up. But I promised myself I'd do it.

My moods have been swinging up and down, and I've just been in awe a bit, of being able to notice them. My short term memory is shot, and I messed up some changed appointments that I had forgotten about, and had to make a few apologies.

One minute I feel exhausted, the next jacked, the next giddy, the next completely antisocial, the next present, the next completely fog-headed and out-of-body.

This is how I actually feel.

The worst craving, and I had about 10 solid ones today, was right after the date. I felt like it went really well, and I was like 'FUCK YEAH' and suddenly my brain saw a corner store and went 'FUCK YEAH, TIME FOR A VICTORY SMOKE.' That was rough. 

I know these posts are self indulgent, but I wanted to hold to the commitment I made for myself. Knowing that I will end the day by posting that I have one more day is a very helpful thought. I have my friend's support, and the support of some recovery people, but I've had that before, and was not able to stay sober.

I'm really trying to hold myself accountable by saying that if I smoke, I'll come here and reset my badge. But ideally, I'd like to come here before I smoke, and make a post about it, before I make any decisions. I have lots of friends who can tell me not to smoke, but most of them smoke themselves, vape, or chew tobacco, or chew nicotine gum. It's just not a solid commitment I can make to any of them, because they don't care if I quit quitting.

But I do.

Thanks guys.