24 hours, second post

I'm about 30 hours in from going cold turkey from a pack a day.

It was an interesting day. I teach, so I was going around trying to explain piano to little kids, and putting up as good a front as I could, when my mind was just *RRRAAACCCIIINNNGG*.

Every 5 seconds I'd be thinking 'Did I just say that? Do I sound like a professional? What am I doing here? Do I know anything? What's this person's name? What was I saying 10 seconds ago?' Maybe I should have waited until the weekend, but nope, I was hit with the strange finality of the last pack yesterday, and I know well enough because of my struggles with other substances that when the urge to quit hits, I need to take it, and never look back.

I've gone cold turkey once before, and it was three days of insanity. It's 2 AM here and I don't feel the slightest bit tired. Thank god I don't have to be at work until 4 PM.

I posted before that I am such an insane addict that I was actually in a sick, masochistic way, looking forward to the withdrawal symptoms. I've been sober from alcohol and drugs for a few years, so I don't get many 'out of body' experiences. But I'm certainly getting some of that now. I'll be listening to someone talk and my mind will just float up to the ceiling, and their words will turn into *WONK WONK WONK WONK*. So I drank some coffee and played some guitar and was wandering around my house after work letting out just oodles of anxiety and stress and mania. It was actually kindof fun. If only I didn't have to go to work and attempt to appear responsible when I feel this way.

Things I need to do, bad:

-Clean out my car. It smells like garbage, stale food, and CIGARETTES. Sitting inside triggers the shit out of me. I need to clean it out, like scrub it with bleach, and then put a new scent in there.

-Exercise. I haven't worked out in five months. This is something I'm ashamed of, and haven't really admitted to. The smoking won the battle against fitness. I tried to convince myself they were compatible for a while, but no, they are mutually exclusive. I need to get going.

-Practice singing. Hack this shit out. Cough and Cough and Cough. With every cough I feel GARBAGE OUT. 


This is a strange observation: the last time I quit for a month, my vocal chords actually started to get *more* sore, rather than less, when I sang. It was almost as if the smoke was numbing them out or coating them with protection. But I know this isn't the whole story. Years of smoking will take years of life off my vocal chords. The anesthetization of my singing voice must end now.

I don't care if anyone read all this, it really helped me to write. I'm going to check in every day this week. I'm not interested in relapsing and trying this a few times. I know what needs to be done, and that is no more nicotine. I am prepared to accept whatever insanity that ensues this week to accomplish that.

TLDR: First 24 hours cold turkey mania rant

EDIT: There's a muscle twitching behind my right eyeball...