I just had my last smoke...this post will hold me accountable. (Possible Trigger Warning???)

Hi! I'm a 17 y.o. senior who just graduated yesterday, and as this is "a time for change", I thought "What better time to stop smoking than now?"

I've smoked since I got my first job at Burger King at age 14, and I've almost consistently had about 6 cigarettes at day: I'd smoke before and after work, before and after school, during lunch, and once with my friends. This has stayed consistent even through getting a new job and taking new classes at a different school. 

I'm not the biggest fan of smoking, but I do (did) like having a time filler with friends when we can't find anything to do or only have a little time to hang out. I also really enjoy (enjoyed) having a cigarette while driving: I think it's mostly a boredom filler for me. 

But I'm so tired of the way I feel. I get colds constantly since I've started smoking, and mornings are the absolute worst. Additionally, my toenails are getting a yellow-ish tinge to them, as well as (well, beginning to) my teeth. Feeling like shit in the mornings with an irritated throat and eyes and also the gradual degradation of my appearance are not worth what I get from smoking. I even dropped out from track due to my times becoming stagnant due to my lung capacity not holding up as well as it did when I started.

So this is the time for me to stop. I just had three celebratory cigarettes: one with my friend after work and two on my own while listening to my favorite music. I already want another one before bed, but I won't have one. I really want to be able to run well again, preferably better than before I started smoking, and I think that quitting now will get me there before I start college.

I'm just creating this to keep myself accountable: I've tried to quit before, but it was more halfheartedly and I didn't tell anyone else to hold me accountable. I'll update this with my progress over the next few days to see what the effects of quitting will do for me. Thanks for reading this, and please excuse if I forgot to put anything down as this is my first time posting an actual post on reddit.

TLDR: I've been smoking all throughout high school and I'm quitting to feel better in the mornings and to prevent my appearance from worsening. I created this post just to stay accountable.