Resetting my badge...again...

Fuck. This thing is seriously kicking my ass. Hell, it has been for years. I can't stay on top of my brain. I've read The Easy Way three times, certain chapters maybe 10 times. Cigarettes are now disgusting to me when I'm smoking them, I put most of them out halfway now. Oh but 20 minutes later they sound delicious. I have not made it one full day since I started smoking, and I've tried to quit dozens of times. I might make it most of the day, only to crap out later. Sometimes I don't even realize I've "un-quit" until my 3rd or 4th cigarette, and you better believe every time I "un-quit" I smoke like it's going out of style. I made it almost 12 hours yesterday, and then smoked a full fucking pack of cigarettes in the remainder of the day. I actually smoked myself into mild nicotine poisoning, I had a throbbing migraine and was on the verge of vomiting all night. This is usually par for the course, everytime I stop, I come back harder than ever, and it's not even a conscious thing. 

Here's where it gets really fucked up: I'm 25. When graduated high school I got into the trades, I was a painter for almost 5 years. From 18-23 I was doing pretty goddamn well for myself. While most of my peers were living in dorms and apartments, I had a huge backyard. Then like a house of cards it all came down, I'll spare you the story as it's pretty long. Now I'm sleeping on my mother's couch, no drivers license, no vehicle (before you jump to conclusions, no I didn't get a DUI or anything of the sort, I just couldn't afford insurance. The economic collapse really fucked me.) and an 'okay' catering job, getting about 30% of my wages garnished by the state. I have to move out of here by May, and the only way I can come up with the finances is to quit smoking. I already live rather frugally, smoking is the absolute first place to cut. It gets worse. Everybody who lives here smokes. They smoke in the fucking house. I wake up on the couch every morning to somebody aside me watching television and filling the room up with cigarette smoke. They won't compromise on this, they're smoking in the house. I always have access to cigarettes, whether they will or won't give them to me (come on, we all are/were nicotine junkies here, junkies do junkie shit. Thank God I'm not a methhead.) 

Here's the Catch 22 : The easiest/best way for me to quit smoking is to get out of this house. The only way I can get out of this house is if I quit smoking. I need some sort of "safe zone" from cigarettes (hell, life in general. I'm writing this in the kitchen right now, somebody is doing dishes 4 feet away from me. I have zero space what-so-ever. Sometimes I hide in the walk in closet.) that I can hide out in, but there is none.

I just put out what I'm hoping will be my last cigarette, and now I'm off to work. This is the easy part, it's once I come back here that the real struggle begins. 

I absolutely abhor the idea of being one of those people who makes excuses for themselves, but the odds are seriously stacked against me here and I need help. 