I'M FREE! (Thanks to /r/stopsmoking and EASYWAY)

I just had my very last cigarette as I just finished reading EASYWAY at 4:10PM today (2013-06-25)

This is an amazing feat in and of itself, but the story of how I got here is one riddled with failure. I was a smoker from the age of 18, I'm now 35 and usually averaged a pack a day (20 cigarettes)

During that time, I attempted many times to quit. I tried back in 2000 with the patch and got violently ill while at work and went right back to the disgusting habit. I then attempted back in the middle of the 2000's and last a year and a half before stressful times came up and I started again. Up until 2007 I was pretty much a closet smoker, I was chronically depressed all the time and suicidal, attempting to quit smoking did not help. That year and a half that I quit was probably the worst time of my life too because I was always miserable. It was proof to me that will power alone wouldn't work.

December of 2007 I attempted suicide for the last time. I got the help I needed. I went sober from alcohol for a year, but I still continued to smoke. The only difference was that it wasn't in the closet anymore. I also realized that the alcohol and cigarettes were just a crutch. The alcohol was easy to quit, and (for me) is not as harmful as it was because I no longer use it to get away from my problems like I did before. Cigarettes kind of changed for me as well, but I didn't recognize that it was an addiction so much as I thought they were actually helping me cope with things a little easier, even after this event.

During this time, taxes on cigarettes starting going through the roof and I ended up taking monthly trips to the Indian reservation in my state to get $19/carton prices, which practically eliminated the financial side of things compared to $8/pack locally.

Once I got things in my head straightened out I started thinking about quitting smoking a couple of years ago and tried an e-cigarette from some unknown company online. I listed about a week before I couldn't stand the taste anymore and caved in again.

I took a flight to Florida in March and started noticing that I was clearly addicted to cigarettes and I needed to break free. In April a group of gaming friends brought up e-cigarettes and I decided to try them again. I bought from a more reputable company this time and for a couple of weeks it seemed to work but it only cured the "habit" and not the addiction. Soon after quitting the tobacco, my taste buds started changing and I spent another 3 weeks trying to find a taste I could enjoy to satisfy my cravings. After spending a lot more money than I wanted to spend and not nearly exhausting my e-cigarette options, I bought a pack of cigarettes. I instantly hated the taste but knew I needed the nicotine to feed my cravings.

Just prior to giving up on e-cigarettes I had moved to a new apartment. Either I failed to ask, or I didn't notice at the time that I looked, I didn't realize that they allowed smoking inside. At least one person around my apartment smokes, and every time they lit one up I would crave a cigarette and think it would bring me joy to have a real one. Being that I work from home, this was going to be an issue.

I tried the patch again a week and a half ago and it worked up until a few days ago and I broke down and bought another pack. I was about to invest in another e-cig when I remembered that this subreddit existed. I started looking around and saw many mentions of EASYWAY.

I bought the book last night before I went to bed, I started reading it this afternoon and finished it in about 3 or 4 hours. During that time I had my regular cigarettes until I finished the last chapter and had my last cigarette.

I'm now 100% confident that I will never smoke another cigarette again. I hadn't really thought it was completely psychological until recently when I was on that airplane in March having a nicotine fit and just downright miserable.

I do believe cigarettes are the most harmful drug to have ever existed. I'm finally free, I just wish I had found EASYWAY sooner (obviously wish I had never started in the first place). I have no fear anymore like I did with all the other methods I've tried.

Thanks /r/stopsmoking!

**TL:DR**: EASYWAY freed me from the chains of nicotine after many attempts to quit.