I fear my badge is in jeopardy...lengthy details inside.

Do I want to smoke ever again? No.

I've gone through some really insane withdrawals, been around smokers and had zero cravings, and found ways to cope with other things that I would have normally resorted to smoking.

Then why do I feel my badge is in jeopardy? Because I have reason to believe that a coworker that just started on my shift is trying to sabotage me for some reason because of a mistake I made 2 years ago that should have gotten me fired but thankfully they gave me a second chance and I've yet to mess up since then. 

I've been at this job for almost a decade on the same shift for the most part. They brought a guy from another shift on to mine to replace someone who was leaving (who I got along with great by the way). This guy was on another shift and nobody liked him, so when they found an opportunity to put this guy on a different shift they did.

He started 2 weeks ago and all of a sudden it looks like I cannot communicate to save my life. Nevermind that I've sent the most emails in the threads of emails started about things just to confirm what was going on. Now the guy just blatantly ignored what was supposed to happen and did his own thing and now I have to somehow make up half of my hours because he screwed up. Not to mention he ignored me tonight when I said I would get something and he started to do it instead.

I'm at the edge of my sanity with this one. Smoking would have made this much easier to deal with in my mind. I'm having some real problems coping because nothing I used to do can be done anymore and it feels like my brain is short-circuiting.

Maybe this guy is just ignorant, but none of my other coworkers on the shift have that much of an issue. I have bent over backwards for this dude and even rearranged my schedule completely to accommodate him when nobody else could because I didn't want to come across as an entitled bastard (even though I have worked the shift the longest).

What do you guys do when nothing seems to be working and despite not wanting to smoke, it's the only way you know how to deal? What I would normally do in the rest of life would be to tell the idiot how I really feel, but it's kinda hard in a job setting. Also, since we work from home, it's even harder to communicate outside of IM and email. Telling my bosses how I really feel might actually get things turned against me. Just kinda stuck stewing in this when I really would not like to let it build up inside me for fear that it will come across in further communications.

Thanks for listening. I feel a little better LOL.