I wish I could repay you guys!

Just over 3 months since my last cigarette.

That first month, as some of you may remember, was absolutely brutal for me. But without that, the following wouldn't even have been possible.

I'm still having issues with finding something to help ease the stress while working but it's a work in progress. Through the last 3+ months I've learned more about myself than I ever thought was possible, especially since I thought I learned a lot in the past almost 6 years since I attempted suicide. I don't think I could have done it without this subreddit and subsequently reading and quitting with EasyWay.

I guess you could say I still crave cigarettes, especially in the stressful situations, but it's not really a craving for cigarettes themselves, it's more of a "I don't know a better way to handle this stress so I'm just going to act completely irrational instead of smoking" kind of thing. It's gotten a LOT better than the first month that I quit where I seriously thought I was going to murder someone just for breathing if I had lived with anyone.

Recognizing what pushes me over the edge and how my body reacts is the most amazing thing I have ever witnessed, getting in tune with my body and brain beats the snot out of just reaching for a cigarette when I can't handle something and want to escape. It's gotten even better since I've started eating healthier and gone mostly gluten-free. 

I did a LOT of research about nicotine back when I first quit and learned a lot about how it really physically interacts with your brain. I'm experimenting with some different vitamins and supplements to attempt to increase my dopamine levels, along with getting some form of exercise activity (either some DDPYoga workout or walking) in at least once a day. I'm not trying to escape the stress, I'm trying to find ways that I can deal with it without resorting to a quick fix like smoking or hitting inanimate objects in some early extreme cases. You know, stuff I should have figured out back when I was in my 20's but instead took up smoking and alcohol and basically didn't give a crap about my body, which fueled my chronic depression even more

I'm not going to recommend anyone attempt my method of working through this, because everyone is different. I admit, I should probably have talked to a doctor back when I first quit and noticed my irrational behavior in response to stress, but I've always promised myself that if things ever stayed the same or got worse that I would seek help. 99% of the time I'm a LOT calmer than I used to be even when I smoked. It's amazing how much smoking actually stressed me out more than it felt like it resolved the stress. I'm talking stuff that seriously I should have faced head on at least 15 years ago. I'm sure I'm doing things the wrong way, but compared to the way I was living my life, I'm pretty in tune with my body enough to know when something really isn't right. I'd rather not rely on a prescription if I don't have to.

So anyways, enough rambling, this was actually meant to be a response to http://www.reddit.com/r/stopsmoking/comments/1ns6dy/dont_know_how_many_of_you_caught_this_is_rcomics/ but it turned into such a long comment that I thought it would be better just to put up a self-post and thank the community outright.

To all of you who are thinking about quitting or are in the early stages, you can do this. Take back control of your life and own it.

**TL;DR:** *You guys rock!*