Relapsed after nearly 2 years smoke-free

Hi all, first time posting in this subreddit.  


Just wanted to write a little bit to clear my head, so I figured I'd share this experience with you, hoping to find some insight from those of you who have relapsed. To start off, I quit smoking in December of 2016 due to it worsening my anxiety (I suffer from panic disorder w/ agoraphobia). The first month or so was pretty rough, but it wasn't too bad onwards. Every once in a while, I'd have dreams where I was smoking, then wake up feeling an overwhelming sense of guilt before realizing it hadn't actually happened.  


Fast forward to a week ago, I found myself struggling a few weeks prior with this sudden impulse to drive to the gas station and buy a pack. I'd started feeling reminiscent about my past with smoking. During the time I smoked, which was only a few months over a year, I was more productive in my hobbies and interests. As my mental health started to decline late last year into early this year, I found myself in the darkest place I'd ever been mentally and emotionally. I was convinced that I was dying. I saw a doctor, got blood tests done (which had glowing results btw, I'm very healthy!), and decided it was time to try medication. I have been suffering from panic for the last 7 years or so of my life, but medication was never a heartfelt decision until February of this year.  


I began taking a few medications, (Seroquel 50mg for sleep which I am coming off of now, Lexapro 10mg which I started in March and still take daily, and Clonazepam 1mg as needed, which I don't really ever take) and a lot of things began to change for me. I am so much better than I ever was! That was until I started to realize I had plateaued, and I realized more how anhedonia had set in. I think this is the point where I started becoming nostalgic over smoking, thinking that it could help cure it, and I could be productive again. I felt like I needed some kind of mental stimulation in order to be happy. This is what led up to me buying a pack after nearly two years being quit.  


Later that night, I took out that first cigarette, and felt nervous and excited. I took out my lighter, covered the tip with my hand, and fired it up. After I took my first drag, I felt like I was at a point of no return. Mind you, I had no intentions of starting smoking again, I just wanted to kill my curiosity so that I could move on with my life. Well, I wound up smoking about five of those cigarettes before throwing them in the garbage. I thought this would be the end of it. It wasn't. I started taking nicotine mints as means to "fix my focus on things". These didn't seem to do much for me, and they tasted bad. A few days passed, and I found myself half-drunk at my neighbor's house, and bummed a couple of cigarettes from him. I smoked two that night. The next day, I decided it'd be a good idea to buy my second pack. I smoked all of them in roughly 2-3 days (I smoked about 15 cigarettes a day before I quit in December of '16).  


After I finished that pack, I was thinking to myself that this would be it. I thought that I could handle it, and I wouldn't buy another pack. As the hours went on after not having another cigarette, I started to feel all the nasty effects kick in that I had already forgotten existed. I was foggy, tired, achey, and just yearning for another drag to stop from feeling so rough. I thought about how I could get another pack, even though I was flat broke. I thought about taking up surveys again to feed my addiction. I thought about asking my neighbors or family members if they could spot me some cash to buy more cigarettes. This is when the guilt really started to set in.  


I saw how quickly this moment of curiosity turned into an aching need to fill a void. It happened so fast. I've already forgotten what it feels like to be okay without cigarettes, and it's only been a week. I feel bad about having to start at day one again. I feel bad about losing all of that time I'd been so proud of to one moment of weakness. I'm not really sure what it means yet, but I know that this is not a road that I want or need to go down. It's not because "smoking is bad" or "smoking will give me cancer". None of that has ever mattered to me. It's because of how much I've suffered from panic and anxiety, and to be where I'm at now, to soil that work with something that I know for a fact will only pull me back down again, I know it's bad for me.  


I have been having serious mental battles over this since that first cigarette, and even though I'm back where I started with smoking, I look at this as a significant teaching moment. I feel like this experience cemented my reasons for quitting in the first place. I don't care if other people smoke, that's not my business. In order for me to function and be healthy, mentally and emotionally (and physically too), I can't have this in my life.   


It's not worth losing my stability.  
