New here! 1.5 months, cold turkey. Dopamine cravings & physical healing.

Hello there! I credit this subreddit for my success in becoming a non-smoker, so thank you all! :)

I smoked for 15 years, a pack a day, peculiarly only half cigarettes. First try, cold turkey with Allen Carr, as so many others, the book went straight through and I haven't smoked since. I have passed all the classic tests - coffee, alcohol, smoking friends, smoking strangers. No problem whatsoever, the mere thought of smoking again revolts me. 

However, I see that I still have cravings, but not for cigarettes (I had perhaps 2 cig cravings tops..?), it's more of a craving to have that dopamine rush, if this makes sense. I suppose it's a habit, getting at least 20 dopamine hits per day, which the mind/body tries to satisfy even after the cigarettes are gone. Does anyone have that feeling as well...? How do you cope with it (I can't stuff my face with chocolate all the time, as much as I would love to!). 

I also see that my body is constantly at work and that I till have physical symptoms. I kept hearing about nicotine leaving the body within 3 days, but in my experience, the aftermath is pretty evident - from the cravings to the changes in body and mind. I get headaches from time to time, sometimes mental fog, some aggression and a slight melancholy. I have just started getting some kind of normalcy when sleeping, before it was shallow sleep most of the time. I managed to not gain that much weight, around 2-3 pounds, by working out a lot, and trying to satisfy cravings with veggies, fruits and juices and looooads of water, as well as the occasional chocolate/ice cream (or else I'd go insane! I really see no reason not to satisfy some of the cravings). How were you guys, around the 1.5 month mark...? Similar experiences or radically different? Also, is there some kind of detailed text of the physical healing process...? I would love to learn and understand more of it, I think it would be helpful!

Small ninja edit to thank you all again!:))