6 months smoke free! As a 'serial quitter' who started smoking at the age of 13/14, I wanted to share my 2 cents.

Just to give you an idea, I'm 25 and I've been trying to stop smoking with little success since 2009. Smoked a lot until 2012, then gradually reduced my smoking to working hours and weekends, and when I was super stressed (which was a fair bit).

I've been around smokers most of my teenage life, that certainly didn't help, and over the years I've tried to quit at least once every other year or so. I have lost count. In 2015 I had one partially successful try which unfortunatley came to an end after 5 months. But this time has been so different and I just wanted to explain what I did differently for other people who are struggling to kick the habit.

Everything in the media tells you to avoid alcohol or recommends replacing the nicotine with something healthier. These two things have been my downfall every time so I decided to follow neither of these rules. 

I have a vape which I haven't used once during these 6 months, and during the first month I knew I wanted to quit I deliberately put myself in high stress situations that would usually trigger my craving, at a time where I still had the initial motivation to want to resist it. I went out drinking with my friends and colleagues a few times, and resisted the urge to smoke. It started with me staying inside when they went out. I had also drastically changed my living arrangements and there came the stress of that. Whenever I felt stressed I stopped and had a cup of tea, rather than getting cold outside. I also deliberately kept what tobacco I had left in a drawer at work so it was always there for me to see. The support early on that I saw was from this subreddit, which was amazing for me and I also think that played a big part in it. :)

Having dealt with all the difficulties really early on seems to have totally re-wired my brain. After the first month the cravings had more or less gone completely. I still get the odd craving sometimes and I don't hate the smell of smoke either (partly because it isn't on me I guess) but I don't feel envious when people go outside for smoke breaks and I don't feel left out anymore when people go off to smoke together. Quitting doesn't feel as hard. I honestly can't see me being in a position where I would ever smoke again.

If anyone else has struggled to quit like I did, perhaps you should give this a go! I'm also very grateful that this community exists and I'm going to spend a lot more time here trying to support other people who are trying to make healthy changes in their lives too.

Tl;Dr stopped smoking by putting myself under an unnecessary amount of pressure early on and it worked really well in the long run. 