Help me stop before I get too addicted

I am not really "a smoker". I only started recently but I need some encouragement to quit now while it's still easy and before it becomes a habit that I can't get out of. 

Background: I broke up with my boyfriend of almost four years a few months ago. We moved to Germany together (we've been here two years) from the UK. It was mutual and the right decision but I'm obviously sad about it. Now I live alone in the flat we shared which is a very nice place to live in but I'm not sure I'm handling being on my own very well. I went away for the weekend with a friend from work (she smokes) and we hung out with her friend (who also smokes) and it was fine but I felt like the odd one out (not smoking, not really speaking German very well and being generally not the most sociable person). Then I thought hey why not buy some cigarettes and just go for it and stop being so uptight all the time. So when I got home I bought a pack and tried it out for the first time since I was 15 and stole one of my stepdad's cigarettes which had put me off pretty effectively until now (combined with his lung cancer and the fact that smokers smell bad etc.)

Obviously it's pretty nasty at first and I felt dizzy and just horrible, I tried again the next day and it was the same so I threw out the pack and tried to convince myself what a terrible idea it was. Anyway since then I've done the same thing another four or five times - buying a pack, smoking a few and then chucking them away. I'm obviously getting into it a bit more and starting to if not "enjoy" the whole thing then at least appreciating the addictive nature of the nicotine hit. 

Also there's an element in there of self-destructiveness. For most of my life I've been pretty unadventurous and unrebellious and a bit of a control freak. I've been seeing a therapist for the last year and there are lots of things we've been going through which has been helpful but also made me see things about myself that I don't really like and am finding very hard to change. 

So ANYWAY - please help me convince myself that smoking is pretty much the worst idea and that I shouldn't smoke any more. I'm finding it tricky on my own and I don't really want to talk to my friends about this specific thing because I feel stupid. 