19 years old, smoked for a year, terrified of consequences

hey guys. First let me say this was a struggle I intended to go at alone, but after figuring it couldn't hurt to read some other people's experiences, I seeked out this subreddit and was impressed by how supportive you guys are. I like to be told nice things, so here I am, posting. Plus I think some personally applied insight could be real helpful. 

also quickly- two things about me that feel influence my situation. I'm diagnosed bipolar, and I'm paranoid as hell. I was so frightened with all of this I lost sleep over it. I try not to look at these as especially impossible obstacles because I don't believe they are, and I think fearing them as such would cause much more problems than the conditions cause themselves.

I smoked socially for 10 months. For 7 of those months, it'd add up to *maybe* 8 cigs a months, give or take. I thought it was no big deal. It wasn't something I ever felt compelled to do outside of my free will. I thought it was a nice thing to do at parties and an easy to break the ice with that cute artsy girl having a drag outside the school.  	

Then I got into a full-on smoking crowd. These were real creative types. I'd sit there and listen to them romanticize smoking with words that sounded like poetry. There was a brief time where I even thought I wanted to be addicted. I noticed on this path that I'd start hitting people up I didn't even want to see just so I could bum a cig or three. For the final few months, I probably averaged 7 cigs a week (never consecutive days, still.)

For the last 12 cigarettes I smoked, and hopefully ever will smoked, I had craved them. The twelth was last saturday, and I promised myself that's where I'd draw the line. Haven't smoked one, or been around smokers since. 

The only thing is, guys I'm fucking *terrified* about what I've gotten myself into. I read up on some of these stories about people craving cigs every single day after quitting for 3 years, and it literally makes me nasous. I'm so scared that one year of experimenting has given me a lifelong, chronic struggle. 

So, basically, (and THANK YOU for reading this far, if anyone even does) I'm asking you guys, am I fucked? 

I've always considered myself a strong person (had huge success dieting, improving grades, and starting exercise routines), but am I fucking with something much bigger than that? I never have and *never* will buy a pack, but is that some bullshit I'm going to be wrestling with at 40?

It's worth noting I don't think I'll have any trouble with the behavioral habit aspect of quitting. There's nothing I do and no place I go that I associate with smoking. But there was a month or so where I truly loved cigarettes. note: I've since done my best job of, uh, de-romanticizing them. I'm constantly trying to mentally associate them with slavery. 


 
