11 Days in and I've hardly told anyone

I'm 29 and I've been a smoker for about 13 years, off and on with periods of heavy smoking and minimal smoking.  For the past year I have been smoking about 3 packs/week (a lot for me), mainly due to some personal issues that I was using smoking to compensate for.  I have quit smoking quite a few times over the past 13 years, and obviously have picked the habit back up each time.  Whenever I have made a real effort to quit in the past I have told many people around me in order to hold myself accountable.  I thought that doing that would make me stick with it because of the embarrassment of failing to quit. Plus, I think my ego liked telling my friends, because they would turn around and say, "Awesome man, stick with it!" and "Good for you dude!"  Well I guess I'm fairly OK with feeling embarrassed and weak minded, because I would always fall off the wagon and continue smoking.

I had a weeklong climbing trip in Mexico at the beginning of March.  I smoked tons...vacation smokes for all!  It also just so happened that I was climbing with a really interesting group of people who enjoyed talking about human psychology, our minds, the ego etc.  Although we never chatted about smoking, I suppose that all of that ego talk (which I do also enjoy) made me reconsider my pledge to quit smoking on my 30th birthday in May, and upon finishing my last pack on my last day in Mexico, about 3 hours before my flight back home, I quietly decided to quit.  I also decided that I wasn't going to tell anyone, I was just going to do it.

I live with 2 regular smokers at the moment, and after a few days of me saying no to going for a cig they caught on that I was quitting.  I also mentioned it to a friend who I was on the Mexico trip with, and a girl who I am dating.  For each of those people, I was at least 4-5 days into my quit before I mentioned it. I've seen a lot of other friends since I've been back, but I have refrained from having the, "I'm Quitting" talk with them. 

The first few days were really hard, but I didn't verbalize it, because I literally had nobody to talk to about it.  Its funny cuz when the whole dialogue is in your head, you hear all of your thoughts on the subject quite clearly.  You hear yourself saying, "go for it! just have 1" and you can respond "No, I want to quit, and this is what quitting is - feeling shitty for a bit." I've also found that frankly it was easy to lie to my friends in the past about my resolve to quit smoking, and create these grand illusions of how strong I am in quitting.  Deep down, I must just know that these people are going to love me no matter what, whether I smoke or not, so I was OK with feeling the shame of failing to quit when I said I was going to.  I knew they would still be my friend/lover/family, whether or not I gave into my temptations.  By not telling anyone, the only person I am lying to is myself, directly. I guess I am not OK with doing that. 

With this quit, my final quit, it has been an epic battle inside of my head.  I'm winning, and its fucking great.  The way I see it from here on out, is that I'm not going to tell anyone else.  If people notice and ask if I quit, I'll tell them.  If people in my life never ask me and don't notice, that's great.  I simply personally feel like I do not want smoking to be a topic of conversation in my life anymore.  Period.

I'm going to say that I have NEVER felt such a strong feeling that I am going to do it this time. I'm psyched. 

I'm also sitting here giggling because this post in and of itself goes against my whole point of not telling people.  Ah well, I thought maybe it would help some people to consider this tactic. 

TL:DR I quit and I'm not talking about it and its working. 