Some Encouragement And A Request for Help

After 20 years of smoking, I was fortunate enough to get free from smoking over 13 years ago.  So, if I can, you CAN do it!!!  

Like many of you, it took time, testing, and lots of patience.  I tried a couple of different methods during my attempts to “quit” and was greeted with the success you can imagine always returning to “my friend” smoking.  But I didn’t give up.

When I finally knew I was going to stop, I made some decisions and followed a plan that was centered on handling the psychological connection to smoking.  I went from about 1/2 pack a day to nothing in 4 days.  

Here’s the best part - I did it without meds and it was EASY!

Today, I see people struggling to stop smoking, and I want to help.  I’m not a bastion of will power.  All I did was follow a plan.  The plan is effective and can help anyone.

But, I need your feedback to help me determine if this solution is something people would want. I think it can really help but I’ve been away from smoking for 13+ years.  Please share your thoughts on...
	1. What are the difficulties you’ve had in trying to stop smoking?  What keeps you connected and derails you when you try to stop?
	2. How interested would you be in a “coaching program” showing you the exact steps to take to allow you to stop smoking forever?  Is this something that you think would help or do you want to try to go it alone?  Be honest.  
	3.  What do you think is a reasonable timeframe for you to move to zero cigarettes?  Remember, the goal here is to help get you free; not add more stress, and we don't want to overwhelm you thinking “wow, I only have 1 week to do this!”  How long do you think you’d need?

If you have any other thoughts or feedback, I’d love to hear them.  I know a program like this isn’t right for everyone. Some are comfortable going to their doc for meds.  Others want to gut through it.  Others want e-cigs.  

My main goal is to help people and I need to figure out if this type of solution resonates with anyone, and if people would actually like to have a coaching program to guide them through it.

Look forward to your feedback, and thank you!