Let me tell you all the horrible things that have happened since I became a non smoker

I quit smoking 66 days ago. That's 66 days without a cigarette. Let me tell you what's happened since I quit smoking: a 22 year old friend that I've known for 15 years committed suicide, then another friend died from an accidental prescription overdose at age 30, I started remodeling on my home while working from home, I am launching a new website that I'm building from scratch, I lost my cat (we found him, my contractor accidentally sealed him underneath my house...long story), I accidentally forgot to take my antidepressants for 2 weeks, and I've cried almost every day for 2 months. 

Let me tell you what else happened: I didn't have a cigarette. I have chewed the inside my mouth until it's bleeding, I have walked my dog for 2 hours a day, I have sucked on cinnamon sticks until the corners of my mouth were burned, but I DID NOT have a cigarette. I think about them constantly. I don't have cravings, I have full on psychotic fits about wanting a cigarette. I tell myself: everything would be better if I just smoked, everything would be ok if I just smoked.

The truth is, if I lit a cigarette it wouldn't bring back my friends, it wouldn't stop construction on my home, and it would take me away from building my website. So really, if I had a cigarette it wouldn't actually do anything except derail the 66 days of hard work that I've done.

Quitting cigs was so easy at first because my life was stable. Then everything went to shit really quickly. I swear I have on average 3 crises a week. But smoking won't make it better. It'll actually make it worse.

I see it like this: I'm thinking about having a cigarette but I quit. So I can give into the temptation and have a cigarette but then I'll be thinking about how I just threw away months of hard work on lighting up a stick filled with dried leaves and chemicals that I'm paying to kill me and I wouldn't actually enjoy it. I'd feel guilty and dumb and weak. So either way, I'm obsessing over a cig. But if I don't actually smoke one I have the real mental boost of proving that I'm in control of my brain and body instead of a little white stick being in charge of me. 

My point is, shit is going to suck so hard, that's life. And bad things will happen from time to time, but smoking doesn't ACTUALLY make anything better. It actually makes it worse. When you smoke you're not making a problem disappear, you're just making another problem appear. You're physically hurting yourself. Why? For what? For the temporary illusion that you're in control of one aspect of your life? Because lighting a cigarette is your "me" time? No, lighting a cigarette is actually the opposite of me time...it's the cigarette's time because it's controlling your thoughts.

So just, don't light a cig. Just don't do it. I don't think there's going to be a magical day where you don't want a cigarette. There are just a series of magical days where you don't have a cigarette. So keep going, one day at a time. 

This post was a very long winded way of saying: if I could do it, you can definitely do it. You're stronger than you give yourself credit for...I promise. 