24 hours smoke free after 8 years of a pack-a-day habit [initial reactions]

Hi all! I'm new here and thought I'd share my story and maybe get some input from you fellow quitters.

I was a smoker for 8 years starting when I turned 18. I started smoking because it was the only way I could get a break at work (sounds unreasonable on my work's part but in the restaurant industry, it's the norm) and I wanted to be social with my friends who were also smokers.

I quit exactly twice in those 8 years. Once when I was 20 to try to save money for intl. travel and once a two years ago when I picked up vaping. The first time ultimately only lasted a few months and the second time I had been off the cigs and on the vape for about a year. Though vaping was relatively easy to transition to, I found it far too easy to switch back to cigarettes and feel back into the ol' pack-a-day routine when I was out drinking with a new coworker one night after work. He offered me a smoke and in my inebriated state, I couldn't say no.

Anyway, a few months ago I got in touch with a state-sponsored quit smoking hotline and got some patches for free through them. I had a quit date set but chickened out at the last minute. Fast forward to Saturday, I decided I have had enough enough of killing myself for the sake of smoking.

I went to the store and got some 2 mg gum (I heard it's good to have as a backup in addition to the patches in case of intense cravings) and started the patch yesterday morning!

So far, so good! I've only had about 3 or 4 major cravings which I satiated with the gum and I feel really good about this decision to quit. One unexpected "side-effect" I noticed was incredibly vivid dreams. Last night I had two really stressful dreams where I kept getting lost in familiar places. Anyone else have this experience? Just really interesting to me because I rarely if ever have crazy vivid dreams like that.

Compared to my previous two attempts, I feel much more motivated to quit this time because I've been changing my lifestyle for the better and quitting smoking is just one more old habit I feel like I need to shed. But it's also my most difficult.

Over the past year, I've started going to therapy, got on proper medication (for depression and ADHD), quit drinking/doing drugs and enrolled in my first year of community college. Becoming an ex-smoker I feel is a really important in my journey towards self-improvement and self-realization. But it has proven to be the most difficult. But I'm feeling really good so far and I'm staying positive about this all! 

Thanks for reading my story and please let me know some of your hints or tricks you have! It was really good just writing all of this out. 