Wanted to share an incredible victory

Tonight I had dinner with a good friend and he just had a massive success in his career so we were celebrating and I had a couple of beers, which is a smoking trigger for me. During the dinner I thought “I’m gonna smoke tonight. It’s gonna happen.”  

I left the dinner, pulled into the first gas station, got out, went inside, used the restroom, stopped to grab a sparkling water, thought to myself “Don’t do this” but I knew it was already too late. 

I went to the counter, bought the drink, a lighter, and a pack of smokes. 

Walked outside, unwrapped the pack, thought to myself “you don’t have to do this. Don’t end your success” but it was like I wasn’t in control anymore. 

I looked around to see where was the furthest from the gas pumps where I could smoke, I start walking that way and begin to pull a cigarette out...and I stopped. 

“I don’t have to do this. I don’t want to do this. I’m going to hate myself tonight as I lie in bed trying to go to sleep. I’m going to feel weaker tomorrow knowing that it’s only been 8 hours since my last cigarette so hell, why not buy another pack and smoke again. I don’t want to do this”. 

I pushed the cigarette back in the pack and I started walking back to my car. “I’ll just wait til I get home. Then I’ll smoke” but even then I knew that I wouldn’t. 

I just fucking kicked that urge in the nuts. He wasn’t coming back tonight. 

Even as I parked on the street and grabbed the pack of smokes from the seat to put into my pocket so I could toss the in the dumpster, a thought crossed my mind “just smoke one, then throw them away” but haha, fuck you, you already lost. I’m not throwing it all away for something that’s gonna make me hate myself tomorrow. 

All it took was that one decision to stop. Everything after that was easy. I’m sich an immediate gratification addict that used to nothing could stop me from just doing now, without even thinking about it. 

The fact that I had the cigarette in my hand, halfway out the pack, and I was already on that runaway train towards cancer town, and I STILL stopped...it makes me feel unstoppable. Powerful. Fucking invincible. 

The way I feel now compared to how I would have felt if I’d smoked is like night and day. 

If you’re out there and you’re about to smoke. Just stop. Stop and think for ten seconds. Think about the long term vs the short term. It will feel good now and you’ll tell yourself that in the future you’ll quit. But there is no future. That doesn’t exist. There is always just now. You’re expecting your future self to be able to do something that you can’t do now. How do you expect him to do it? It will be now to him! He’ll just put it off on his imaginary future self. Again and again and again until one day the doctor says “You’re gonna want to sit down for a moment...”

Be strong. 