Something that helped me to quit - Kerry Gaynor

Hey everyone, wanted to share a resource for those trying to quit and those still struggling even after they've quit. It will only take up 3 hours of your time and it only costs about $10. 

NOTE: This guy is a hypnotist but what I'm talking about here has nothing to do with the hypnotism part. I don't believe in hypnotism in the way most people think about it. 

The way this guy does his thing is he meets with a client 3 times, one hour for 3 weeks. The videos are of him meeting with a new client and they talk for about 45 minute and then he does about 10 minutes of the hypnotism part which I didn't really do because I'd be driving, but just the talking part is what helped me. 

He pretty much just talks to you about smoking and gets you to realize how weird it is that you know how bad smoking is but you just totally ignore it. He uses some great metaphors that help you to see smoking in a new way. 

The first week he just talks and if you're still smoking he says to keep smoking, don't try to change anything. Just notice when you're smoking what it's like. 

Then the second session he'll talk and that's when you'll quit. This is the session when he teaches you HOW to do it (honestly, a lot of people will probably want to quit smoking after the first session but he doesn't recommend it, not until the second session when he actually teaches you how. He doesn't want you to try quitting based on your new mindset on smoking but then relapse and feel bad for yourself.)  

Then the third session is helping you to solidify your new status as a non-smoker and make sure you never smoke again. 

In my opinion you have nothing to lose giving this a shot. I've tried just about everything and for some reason this worked. I quit smoking years ago using THE EASY WAY book and it fucking rocked, but then I started again years later. I re-read Easy way a few months back and was able to quit for a little while but I just kept convincing myself that I'd just smoke a little longer... a little longer. Then i saw these videos. Finally the third time watching them it sunk in enough and the lessons took hold and now...I've quit!

Give it try! Let me know if you have any questions!