Holy past-4-months, Batman!

I suppose I am making some progress here, when I can't even keep track of how long I haven't smoked. It's pretty amazing how much better I feel now, than previously.

The approximate numbers go like this (per Cessation Nation) :

$511.33 saved
1,461 Cigarettes not smoked


That's a lot. I was always around half a pack a day or so since I started smoking at 18. thankfully, this has been my longest run since I can even remember. Even when I was quitting before, I'd always make exceptions, especially when drunk.

This time has been different. Part of me wanted to be healthier overall, and I resolved to better myself when the New Year came about. Part of me was shocked that Leonard Nimoy has cancer from smoking, even though he hasn't smoked in almost 30 years. 


The other part is a little more cynical......

I have a couple friends who are a power couple, and earlier this year they decided to quit smoking. I couldn't stop hearing about how hard it was and how they would keep posting about it on Facebook. Both of them lasted 11 days. I felt like they were just trying to get people to like their statuses or something because they needed validation in that regard? I don't know. I just knew they were setting themselves up to relapse by the way they handled it.

I was still smoking at the time, but my desire to quit was strong. I picked a quit date right when they started smoking again. I had a show with my band at my favorite brewery, and I just new quitting after that show would be the best time. Anything before would have been just more disappointment and cigarettes. I would be exceptionally drunk by the end of the evening, and would wind up chain smoking no matter what the situation.

I had two packs of Nat Sherman's to get me through that weekend, and when I finished them, it was my quit day. I had a couple weeks off of rehearsals, and was not around all the smokers too much. The worst was a lot easier to get through.

I had no reason to boast about it, as every single one of my friends would do that, and break a week later. I though that talking more about it, at the rate they were doing, would actually make me think about smoking cigarettes more. That it would make it much more difficult to truly separated myself from something that kind of gave me comfort for a long time, even if it was destructive. 
 
So far, it's working. But I had to keep myself going which is why I signed up for this sub. Plenty of tips, advice, and helpful information to read up on. 

This has been terribly challenging, but somehow I was able to make it. I am hopeful that I will make it longer, but concerned about slipping up all the time. I am confident, though, that I will be able to see this one through.

I wanted to thank r/stopsmoking. I'm not the most active member on the board, but just reading up on what others are going through somehow helped my resolve. I'm at a point where if I do get a craving, I am able to manage much better.


I also annoyed my friends because I was able to pretend that it was a piece of cake. That, my friends, somehow feels even better. Whatever works in your head to quit smoking, well, use it! 

EDIT: Not a quite date. A QUIT Date.
