I quit yesterday

And I feel absolutely horrible, just as I remember from the last 3 attempts.

Shivers and feeling cold, then feeling hot and sick in the stomach when I put a shirt on. 

Headache and very short nerves - I avoid other people because everything someone says kind of pisses me off. 

Every sip of coffee reminds me of a puff I used to take with it.

I can already smell the disgusting trash bin full of cigarette butts.

I already started coughing out the black stuff.

I will most likely have a dream in which I smoke a cigarette and then get very depressed because I've done it, some of that depression will carry through to the next day. 

I have to be careful not to indulge in some other stupid activity, like drinking way to much coffee or sugary drinks as replacement for cigs.

I have to remember that I stopped smoking because it took the control out of my hands. Everything I did throughout the day was influenced by this habit. I couldn't read a paragraph of text without having thought of a cigarette, and consequently lighting it up. I couldn't take a shit in the morning before I smoked a cig. To hell, even at times when I could take a shit like a normal person I would very happily hold it in until I smoked a morning cig.
I would wake up and the very first thing that came to mind was if I had something to smoke. Some days I have gotten out of bed only because of a thought of a cigarette.

All of that is horrible. 24 hours of no smoking and I don't even feel like a same person anymore, that is a sign of a horrible addiction to a substance that is incredibly pointless... When I get high, I at least feel paranoid as fuck and I completely forget how to interact with other human beings, rendering me useless for anything. Sure, it is stupid, but at least it did something to me that I can remember. Whereas with cigarettes I feel nothing at all, it is just a need to smoke and then the reaction to that need, nothing more, like a trained lab rat.

What's worst of all is that I can't trust myself anymore. I know that the next time I go out and get a bit drunk I will crave a cigarette. One cigarette, a couple of puffs, and the next day I am back at day -1. I have done it three times already, so I kinda expect it to happen again, but I don't care right now. I should be happy that I have mustered enough willpower to make a dash for freedom once more, I guess it is a bit more than what most people would do. 

Good luck to you all!

