My quit date is this Monday! I have a few questions!

I started smoking when I was 20, and looking back on it now it was never worth it and I can't believe I let myself get sucked into such a horrible habit for so long. Seven years ago I was telling myself I wouldn't keep doing it forever and that I could quit anytime. What a laugh! 

I'll spare y'all the long and boring details of all my attempts to quit with no success. What I am here for today is to say that I found this sub several months ago and have been lurking, feeling more and more inspired by your quit stories and your support of one another. It's really a beautiful thing to see people coming together to overcome something to heinous and hard to kick. I've been waffling back and forth so much about my own journey into quitting, and my anxiety has tripped me up for the last time, I've decided. Without giving myself time to think twice I called my state QuitLine and talked with a sweet lady who gave me some basic advice and is setting me up with some patches and lozenges to help me through this. I should be receiving those on the 19th! I'm so stoked! 

Now I guess other than to step way out of my comfort zone (I have horrible anxiety and I'm not very comfortable posting anywhere), I was curious about whether anyone here quit with help from patches or lozenges or anything else of that nature. I discovered awhile ago I am not a cold turkey kind of gal, so this seems like my best option. I was wondering what I might expect with using these things. Did they help or hinder your journey? Are there any things I should know about using them before I start? And, of course, general quit advice especially for those suffering from anxiety or depression would be very much appreciated! 

Lastly I'd like to say thank you to all of you whose journeys you shared and for the support you've given each other. It really has been the catalyst to me finally stepping up to do something for myself. I am so excited to share my future success stories with you guys! 