unnecessary update post (those casual smokers who find themselves browsing this sub should read)

hi,

im 27 days into quitting smoking.

im not really the type of person to make this kind of post, but i feel maybe it could assist because of my position/prior smoking habits).

im a 27 year old male (sorry), who smoked their first cig at 19 and has been a casual smoker since. sort of.. let me explain

im choosing to define a casual smoker as someone who could potentially always say *yes* to an offered smoke or someone who buys their own pack at least *once* every 3-6 months.

for the past two years i told myself i was a casual smoker. until a month and a half ago or so, i continued to lie to myself and say it was casual enough not to be an issue now, or for the future.

things changed when i started to notice an every day cough.. 
wait... started to notice a cough?? now that i think about it i've been hocking up some black shit for a few months now.. wait

ok so now things become more clear, and i realize the true denial i was in. i had been buying a pack consistently for close to two years, having at least one smoke a day.

maybe here and there would be a day i didnt have a cigarette. maybe here and there would be a day i had 10 cigarettes.

it felt casual until i realized even if my smoking wasn't a pack a day, or even really close to that, and regardless of pace, i was most definitely going to continue smoking until i chose to view smoking as binary.

i either am, or am not a smoker. i kept answering health questionnaires as non smoker, all these years, but now i am having a daily cough, and hocking up black tar from my lungs? am i really this delusional?! (no offense to anyone, this is my own self-deprecating thoughts at the time spawned from guilt).

i truly believe that until you decide the same, that you either are or are not a smoker, a non-smoker being defined as someone who will not, under any circumstance, smoke a cigarette, you are potentially susceptible to the addiction of smoking and the harm it does to your body.

this is all just my own experience with the context of smoking cigarettes. this is how it had to happen for me, and maybe it is the same for you (my view is that is the same for everyone).

week 1: really tough. withdrawal sucks. 2-3 days specifically are definitely defined as 'sick days'.

week 2: physically, much easier. mentally, just as difficult. this is where your mental fortitude is tested. cravings are constant.

week 3: physically, easier than you ever would have expected. withdrawal symptoms are almost all but gone. cravings still happen but they become more one off as each occur. they still however, are cravings. cravings need to be binary too. they happen, and you either give in, or don't. reward yourself for not giving in, that is a binary, objective achievement.

week 4: i feel good enough to come here and post my experience. i was someone who can probably say they experienced the beginnings to mid-level of the physical labor smoking does to your body, and the difference is substantial enough that i encourage anyone who is considering to quit, to do it. i suspect cravings will still happen for years ahead, but they truly get easier and easier to deal with as time goes on. you will have one offs, where cravings are substantial, but it'll never be nearly as close to what it was like when you were quitting. (i think, i don't know this but i assume it's the case based off anecdotal and scientific evidence lol)

anyway sorry i feel like this post is probably really self-absorbed so i apologize for talking about myself so much. if you have any questions pls let me know.

i love you &lt;3