Punch a wall! My method.

So let's get down to this. 

1. You smoke because you're addicted. That's it. 
2. If you quit today, your life expectancy goes up 5-10 years. 

If you agree with those two, keep reading. If not, check facts for yourself. 

Whatever your life situation is, there's something you want. Let's say you wanna loose weight or make a million bucks or be with a certain someone. Whatever it is there's a desire in you or you wouldn't be browsing this post. 

So if you stop smoking, how this will help you to achieve those goals of yours? Regularly - in no fucking way! Yeah you will save some money and your breath will stink less but that's peanuts. Not enough. 

So here's my simple fucking method. You quit today you instantly get 5 extra years (mathematically). Spend your next year starting from today for just NOT smoking. That's it. What are you doing next year, Carl? Travelling? Career? Nah, I'm not smoking! 

That's it? Like what to I do? Whatever you do, you're not smoking. You're achieving that goal. Keep doing whatever you were doing. Lazy at your job? Keep being lazy. Just don't fucking smoke and you're winning! Wanna work out but can't get yourself to GYM? Check if you're not smoking. You don't? Hit dat cheesecake, bro! 

When you finish that first year, you gonna have extra 4 to make your life better. 1 for body, 1 for mind, 1 for family and 1 for fun! 

But at this point of your life if you're still smoking - to stop is the best decision you can make! Make next year a quitting year. Not a single drag, bromigo! Cravings? Sure, whatever. Struggle! Punch a wall. I sure did a few times. Now I'm at day 209 and during this battle I was winning every fucking day. Eventually I got bored with this battle since it got too easy and went to GYM and started running at least once a week. When this will get easy I'll do something else. 

Point is - there's no excuse. There are battles. They are tough. The real you will win. If that real "you" want's to disrespect himself with being a slave of a plant - sure thing, close that post and watch some memes. If not - punch a wall, quit tobacco. 