Today I bought my first and last pack of cigs. Story Inside.

Hello everybody, (TL:DR smoked, gained perspective)

I do not know if this post will be of use to any of you, and to be honest I second guessed myself a lot about whether or not to write this. I reasoned that in a sub-reddit designed to help smokers quit smoking, the subscribers would mostly be long-term smokers and that they would see the title of this post and immediately write me off because I simply do not know the struggles you all have dealt and/or continue to deal with. So I first want to state that I am not claiming that I know anything about how difficult it is to quit smoking after doing so for a long period of time. I just thought that if any of you can take away anything positive from my story then it is worth sharing.

Why did I buy that first pack? It stems from a lot of reasons, but I will try to keep it as brief as possible. I am in my mid 20s. When I was growing up my mother was a chronic smoker, she made no attempt to smoke away from my sister and I, so from ages 0-18 I was subjected to second hand smoke. Because of this, I still can rarely detect the smell of smoke on someone who has recently been smoking even if others point out that they reek. Lately in my personal life, things have been going badly (at least relatively to me, many have it much worse.) I graduated from a prestigious university with a degree in Biology and have been trying to get into a graduate program to further my career. For almost 4 years now I have been rejected from programs, despite the fact that I have continued to job shadow and take graduate-level Bio classes with A grades in order to appeal to these programs. A basic Bio degree doesn't really qualify you for much, its more like a career stepping stone. I have been stuck at a low-paying job of which I am over qualified, under challenged, and have no sense of fulfillment. The consistent failure for years to move on has started to take its toll on my confidence and happiness. I realize this is true for many. 

For the past few weeks I started drinking a couple nights a week on my own. Not heavily to the point of throwing up or anything, but enough to catch a decent buzz, this is much more than I ever have. I really don't even like drinking all that much. When I was younger and drinking with friends, I would occasionally take a cigarette from someone when it was offered. I had a rule that I would only ever smoke this way and that I would never buy a pack on my own. Today was a personal failure. 

After work I stopped to buy a pack of cigarettes. I bought Marlboro 100s because that was what my mom used to buy and I don't know the difference between any of them and I just wanted the whole thing to happen as quickly as possible. In my hastiness I stuttered pretty badly when saying 'marlboro' and my attempt to be casual seemed to fail as the cashier gave me a weird look coupled with the (perceived) judgmental observations of those in line behind me. I felt stupid and ashamed as I left. I came home had a few drinks and then went to start smoking. 

When I went to open the pack I did that thing that smokers do when they hit the pack on their hand before they opened it. I don't even know what the hell that does. It felt eerily natural like I had done it many times before. I read the strip used to open the pack "nothing about this cigarrete, packaging, or color should be interpreted to mean safer". Holy shit. That is fucking heavy. Smokers have to read this (or ignore this) every time they open a pack? I began to contemplate the guilt that people trying to quit feel when they open a new pack. I read the surgeon generals warning, I was already familiar with this, so it didn't generate as big of a reaction. 

I count the cigarettes in the pack, 20, that seems more than I expected. People smoke more than one of these every day? How do they do it, what does it do to their bodies, how do they afford it? They probably don't want to, bad things of course everyone knows that, they might not be able to.

I smoke the first cigarette, feels decent. Just like it has before. After a few puffs I see the yellow from the congealed poisons start to appear on the filter. Gross. I realize how easy that is to ignore and take another drag. Continue until cigarette is gone, enjoying the experience more than I would like.

As I go to type this, my hand occasionally makes its way to my face when I am thinking. I smell the tobacco on my fingers, I'm kinda annoyed by this, but not much. I think about how my girlfriend would react if she found out I was smoking. Her dad smoked for decades, it was always a huge thing between them. I think about where I would be years from now if I were to continue doing this. I think about how easy it would be to rationalize buying another pack, and then another. "I'll just do it occasionally, until X". "I'm young and healthy, I can stop before it is a problem". I see the slippery slope, and I have a sled.

That's pretty much it so far. After I smoked that cigarette I thought a lot about you guys. I thought about how your stories might not be so different than mine. I thought that some may in fact be very different. But the story doesn't matter, you kept going and now you want to stop.

But it's hard.

I'll never know how hard it is. But I understand it a little bit better. I hope you continue fighting. I hope you regain your health. I hope you save some money. But really, I just hope your quality of life improves. 

Much love my friends.

