Day 8 and having suicidal thoughts - is this normal?

I apologize in advance for a wall of text (see title for TL;DR) - I feel that you might need context.  I had a gum graft last Wednesday and decided months ago that that would be the day I would quit (habitual smoker of ~3.5 yrs).  I was also a habitual caffeine drinker (1-2 cokes a day) and marijuana smoker.  Since then I have been unable to do all of the above due to the graft.  It's been rough, but with the pain killers (and some edibles over the long weekend) I've been incredibly lucky in avoiding the irritability and most severe cravings (it helps that to remember that if I smoke, the graft is 3x more likely to reject, so it's been an incredible motivator - not a fun procedure).  However, today while at work I've been an absolute mess.  

I've had semi-suicidal thoughts in the past, mostly during the existential crisis that all newly-minted adults go through once they're out of high school/college (I'm 22; went to college for a few years and dropped out to be a paralegal).  I'd already previously decided that I would take my own life once I had nothing further to gain in life.  My current "crisis" started last night when I was essentially outed as a smoker on FB by my father, who commented on a post of mine saying the recession was caused solely by smoking (not true, but it was a contributing factor).  I'd been diligent in keeping all references or photos off FB because what's written on the internet is forever, and I had tentative dreams of going into public office in the distant future.  

I was initially furious, but waited until I made it home from a friend's to respond.  All my careful planning and secrecy was for naught - now any government entity that looked into my background (hello, NSA!) would be able to see that I'm a smoker.  Not that I'm embarrassed; I'm just well aware of the negative societal connotations most smokers get, and I didn't want that to tarnish my public image.  I understand why my father posted what he did (he hates smoking and has made his opinion rather clear; when I announced my imminent quit date, he nearly burst with joy) but what's done can't be undone.

For some reason that thought has spun me back into a full-on existential crisis coupled with suicide thoughts.  Logically, I know I'm not ready to take my own life, but emotionally?  An entirely different matter.  It feels almost like PMSing, but it's incredibly hard to snap out of it - it's like my emotions aren't my own.  My boss caught me uncontrollably crying while attempting to file and I brushed it off as PMSing, but this isn't working.  

It's like my feelings about the futility of life are amplified by 100.  I've always been an off and on depressive realist, but only now am I actually contemplating ending it now rather than the distant future, and this is really, really concerning to me.  Especially since it struck so suddenly out of the blue - I feel like there should have been warning signs in the seven days prior to this before it hit me all at once.  

The primary brunt of my existential crisis usually deals with how I'm wasting my potential at what I'm doing and how I could be bettering the lives of others, and if I don't do that, my life is therefore a waste.  I'd previously come to the conclusion that politics is a way to have the most impact, and for some reason my mind has twisted that simple post by my father (deleted about 8 hours later after he realized how irrationally upset it made me) into "I can never go into politics now, so what else is left for me?"  

I know this is unreasonable, but right now, I'm having a really tough time discerning which thoughts are "me" and which thoughts are the withdrawal speaking (if it's the withdrawal speaking at all). 

TL;DR: Having suicidal thoughts on day 8 of quitting.  Is this normal, or should I get actual help?