Only 14 hours in. I'm miserable &amp; I called out of work.

Sorry if this post is whiny or poorly written. I'm coming down from a major anxiety attack, so I may not make a lot of sense.

I'm 24, and I've been smoking since I was 16, so it's been a part of my life for a long time. For the past few years, I averaged half a pack each day. Recently, I've tried to cut back, but I haven't been very consistent with it. Honestly, I have no real desire to quit. I know all of the health risks, but I can't seem to really internalize it. Maybe it's just my depression causing me to have little regard for my own life tbh. I've heard every other argument against it, but until now, nothing changed the fact that smoking made me happy &amp; was the only thing that could bring me down from a panic attack.

So why am I quitting at all? Well, for one, I just can't afford it. Rent and bills are expensive, even with my fiance's income to help out. It's basically a choice between buying cigarettes and buying enough food for ourselves and our dog at this point. Then there's my fiance himself, also a smoker. He worries about himself, and he worries about me. Any time one of us so much as coughs, he's afraid that we have lung cancer, and he's confided in me that he has frequent nightmares about one of us dying from a smoking-related illness. As much as I want to smoke, I'm not an asshole, you know? I don't want him to worry like that any more.

So here we are. I had my last one at midnight last night. Even at the worst of my addiction, I've gone longer than this without much trouble. Back then, though, I always knew I'd have a smoke waiting for me at the end of it all. Now, knowing I'll never have one again, it's hitting me hard. I can't lie, I've spent most of my morning sobbing my eyes out and dry-heaving into the toilet. I even called out of work, since I felt like I wouldn't be able to stop myself from breaking down and crying in front of customers. On top of all the cravings and anxiety, I feel a huge amount of guilt over that, like I let my managers and coworkers down because I'm weak. I know it's pathetic, but I feel like I just lost a close friend.

I'm not even really sure what the point of this post was. I guess I just needed to get that out, since my fiance DID go to work and I can't confide in him right now. I feel like he's annoyed by my theatrics, anyway, even if he's not saying it out loud. Can anybody give me some advice on getting through this? I know that time is the key and I really just need to wait it out, but even a day of this misery seems like too much to handle.