1 month, still a bit worried

Hey guys,
I‘ve been reading a lot of your comments during the last weeks, but haven’t posted anything on my own so far. It helped a lot reading the encouragements and your success stories, so thank you!

I just want to write down how it went for me and how I am feeling at the moment.   After 2 weeks I slipped during my holidays, ironically because of a stressful situation. I didn’t reset the timer of the app though, because I was scared that returning to zero would demotivate me so much that I would start to smoke all over again. I took some pulls from my friend 3 times and would say that it made one cigarette in total. Pls don’t judge.. Anyway, I can definitely say that it is getting easier and on normal working days I‘m sometimes not even thinking about it.

Still I sometimes get sad when I think about moments or feelings connected with smoking, e.g. when having coffee with friends or sitting alone somewhere outside and being in a melancholic state. It’s a mixture of nostalgia and the feeling that these moments will never be the same and that I feel I am missing out on sth. when I don’t have these smoking moments anymore (even though Allen Carr wrote in his book that it would/should not feel that way). I think my problem is that in the last years before the quit I only had 3-5 cigarettes per day (more on weekends sometimes) and I somehow made a ritual and sth really special out of these few cigs, my „reward“. All in all I have smoked for 13 years, sometimes more sometimes less. I hope that I will get rid of these feelings and that it won’t take that long - I don’t want this to make me give up one day. Or that maybe after years I start having one from time to time - I think that would be self-deception or what do you think? Maybe it’s better to forget completely about the action itself.

Sorry for the long text, I just wanted to share my feelings with you. Maybe some of you are facing similar thoughts of „romanticization“. Both stories of people with the same problems and some advice on how to fight against the feelings are helpful!
Thank you so much! And you are all doing great, congrats :)
