A little over 1 year nicotine free.

I don’t remember the exact day, but my last cigarette was in March of 2017. I went cold turkey and haven’t had any nicotine since then. I felt super shitty when I first quit, but it was very manageable (just had to embrace the suck for a few weeks). The mental cravings are much harder, and have stayed with me much longer. They still crop up semi often. Probably 3 or 4 times a week. I miss the surrounding ritual of smoking. The reflective state of mind, the mental break from the day and the relaxation. How it would make a good time better and a bad time not as bad. Memories involving cigarettes tend over dramatize how good it felt, making me want them back. The subconscious still has a strong connection. But two things have helped keep me quit for good. They’re not rocket science or anything new, but I figured I’d share in case it helps someone similar. 

1. Being honest with myself and admitting that cigarettes are awesome in a lot of ways, and that the reason I quit is not because they’re bad, in and of themselves, but because the bad they bring along outweighs the good for me personally at this stage of life. For me, the health impact became too great a cost. That simple. By not demonizing the substance, approaching my reason not to smoke rationally, and realizing this is a choice I have to make on a logical playing field every day, I’m able to overcome the emotional appeal of smoking. No mental tricks, just linear and logical decision making. Am I missing out on something good? Yes. Am I also avoiding serious negative health impact? Yes. Which is better for overall quality of life? Avoiding the impact on health. That simple. I honestly believe that at some point in my life the scales were tipped the other way, but I was younger then. Time catches up and changes the balance. Gotta roll with the punches. 

2. Staying active and setting fitness goals. Every goal reached makes me want to go back less and less. Moving on means moving forward. 

Just my experience with the first year. 