Some thoughts about temptations and excuses

I just wanted to share a few insights I was dubiously blessed with during the past month, in hopes of perhaps helping someone turn their "stinking thinking" around once it strikes - and it invariably \*will\* strike at some point.

17 days into my quit my beloved big brother crashed his motorcycle on the first day of vacation he´d been looking forward to since literally Christmas. He was badly maimed and two days later, day 19 of my quit, he shockingly and tragically succumbed to his injuries. I have been through some ugly shit in my day; this was the worst thing to have ever happened.   


...  


Some things are impossible to "understand", they simply just have to be endured and lived through. There is no way to make sense out of random tragedy; the grief is surprisingly \*physical\*, in that your entire body feels like you´ve been beaten the shit out of - which, of course, you have. Whoever thinks it´s wise and rational to downplay and dismiss the mind/ body connection is cordially invited to experience the utterly surprising shock of losing someone near and dear in a grotesque accident. Anyways, this is not really the point I want to make.  


My point is, that there was not a single person in my life who expected me to stick with the quit. Even those loved ones who despise cigarettes and were on my case to quit for literally quarter of a century were all poised to give me a pass. You know, under the circumstances and all. They were as shocked as I was, and they thought that giving me some space, a respite from yet more pressure, would be a kindly thing to do. Don´t get me wrong, they were indeed being kindly as well as any human can be faced with some enormous tragedy that leaves them speechless. However... what that meant was, that in the moment of enormous pressure and need in my life, I was suddenly completely without support for my quit.   


Had I decided that my loss was enough of an excuse to revert to this toxic and expensive habit, there was no one that would have said boo to me. Everyone would have "understood." Like all the reasoned, intelligent arguments we were talking about for weeks and months were suddenly made irrelevant, and I was allowed to go back to being, let´s face it, weak and irrational. I didn´t immediately grasp all this, naturally, but there was one thing I \*did\* immediately start harping on to myself : that this tragedy had \*nothing\* to do with smoking. That I must cope with it now, as-is, and that smoking is neither an option nor necessary in any way. And I did. My cravings escalated a little as the grief took hold of me, but they were no more commands I was forced to follow at that point, then they were a few days before that; I was to log them and watch them pass, business as usual.  


The point: you will at some point experience being the one single person on this planet that is still interested in your quit; everyone else in your life will have moved on as it lost its novelty value. They may still support you heartily, they may believe in you more than ever. They just won´t want to hear about it any more, for any number of reasons. When you come to this point, please stay in your own corner. Whether other people care about your quit anymore, whatever they may feel has become acceptable again, please take it in your stride and don´t abandon yourself. You quit smoking for many good reasons, and they are still valid. They will never stop being valid. Keep this in mind for when life forces you to be your own lone champion for a while. Peace.