So I moved my quit date forward and this is what happened

Hello! 

In my last post (first post) I asked for advice regarding moving your quit date forward in time. I got some food for thought and people were really nice and supportive, so I thought I´d catch you up on my progress.

And progress there has been. On Wednesday the 20th I was down to my last 3 cigarettes I was ever intending to buy, yet my quit date wasn´t until Monday 25th. I had to make a decision of whether to quit earlier or buy another pack. 

I couldn´t stomach the idea of spending any more money on smoking, so I went ahead and quit earlier and this is how it went down. 

After work on Wednesday I had 3 more cigarettes and a ton of errands to run. I left my house without any cigarettes. I did all the errands, then went to the pool for an evening swim, and then had some strength work-out. By about 09:30 pm, around 5 hours had passed and I had not even thought of cigarettes. But now I was home, I guessed I had to follow the plan, smoke those last three before bed, then start Thursday the 21st as my first smoke-free day.

So I did smoke one of them... and it was awful. Not only the taste and the smell, but I felt so bad inside. That had never happened before; I didn´t use to be one of those smokers who are full of shame and guilt, oh no. I fully embraced my vice, almost all my life. But the evening of Wednesday 20th something had changed, and I felt like a criminal, and also weak and also a loser. None of these things may be true, but the internal criticism had spoken, and it was merciless.

I spoke to a friend on chat about my day, and he was supportive, yet when I told him how I had basically pressed this latest cigarette into myself because I HAD A PLAN, he went silent. He is a successful quitter himself. He didn´t know how to respond to something so dumb and illogical anymore. 

Everything felt very bad from the time I smoked that cigarette, and it kept on getting worse, because it was getting super late, I was supposed to go to sleep and get up early, but see, I still had those two cigarettes to finish smoking up...! I cannot describe the stress of knowing "I had to" smoke those two cigarettes so that I could finally go to bed and then quit the next day.

I don´t know what changed for me that night, and what kept changing in order to support my kicking this addiction; but I slowly got up, picked up my last pack with my last two cigarettes in it and I drowned them, mashed them up inside that pack and threw it all away. I had quit before in my life. But I had never ever before been in a place where I no longer saw any VALUE in cigarettes. This is how I feel now, which is how I know that I will succeed. 

I´m soon about to hit my third day smoke-free. It has been both ludicrously easy and annoyingly challenging at times, but really really nothing to fear. 

Thank you for reading, I feel much more confident in my cessation knowing that I have so much support when I need it. Maybe in a little while I will be able to give something back.