One week in - a status report

Some of my personal experiences so far:

This thing has really been much easier and more managable than anticipated. Now, this has never been the case with my previous attempts, which leads me to the main point:

Prepare, prepare, prepare. I cannot stress this enough. I do realize there are people who quit successfully without a second thought; but in my case, more of a deliberate approach has been indispensible. 

If you are lucky enough to respond well to scientific facts, read up on what smoking does to your future health prospects. Find approchable articles written for lay persons on human behavior; how we respond to stimuli, how  we are prone to self-deception.

Find something else to think about. More to the point, find something else to do. The key to successfully dropping bad habits isn't just roughing it by applying sheer will-power - because will-power is a depleatable resource that demands a break and replenishing. You break a habit by exchanging it with another, more desirable, more benign habit. 

I've been swimming and doing body weight exercises more than usual. An offer to house sit a terrific apartement came perfectly timed, so there was opportunity to spend a lot of time somewhere quite unfamiliar these first weeks - a place with no triggers to my smoking anywhere in the environment. 

I guess a certain amount of self-reflection is inevitable while passing through trials in life, and I choose to receive this by-product, as it were, as a gift, even the final purpose, perhaps? I've learned that I always only judged the value of an endevor by how arduous it was; a devotion to suffering your way to the prize? But I find that's not a really useful perspective beyond perhaps  character-building in your twenties.

Whatever works is the best thing to do. Don't dissipate your strength and stamina by putting too much pressure on your will-power, because you'll need it in times of stress beyond your cessation. Do pleasurable activities and be curious about this phase in your life. Don't be white-knuckling it and hating every step of the way; believe or not, this experience is fun and enriching to go through - provided you do it right, for you.

[caption](http://imgur.com/RqEehjw.jpg)