Anxiety...Finally quitting for good

Hey guys. I've been smoking for a couple of years now, I'm fairly young, 19 years old, and have been on and off. For the 2 months I've cut down many bad habits that would cause me to sink into depression (PMO, over-consumption of weed) and have successfully battled those addictions. Now it comes to cigarettes, i had quit 5 days ago but then I got a little bit stressed out and lured into buying a pack that I finished within the day. So the next day I buy a pack and smoke but immediate get anxiety and fast heartrate, out of breath...It really scared me. I was curious as to why this was happening until I read this:

"it is fairly possible, if we consider that anxiety tends to be more of an underlining perspective or outlook as it were,  onto the things that you do, such things as area's and people you surround yourself by. A panic attack is triggered by by constant sub-conscious focus on the negative area's.
Since there is alot of negative thoughts and views surrounding smoking every time you smoke you are allowing those negative triggering actions. Which will cause a negative outcome. Negative outcome's trigger negative thoughts but Anxiety is having the negative thought before the negative outcome itself. Thus we call it fear. If you are a person who is prone to fear due to a largely shocking event elevating your fear levels to the point where you will receive those similar or equal levels of fear again next time a fear inducing occasion happens.
Your mind has sub-conscious focus on the past,present,future moments at all times so its your brains way of telling you not to smoke. Because its analyzed everything and realized its not a good thing, but your fear will grow the more you feel out of control. Since smoking is addictive it will drastically increase your feeling of being out of control. "

This made a lot of sense to me... I'm realizing more and more what effect the subconscious has on the mind...I used to think I was invincible but everytime I do something that I know inherently to be wrong or something that I know I shouldn't be doing because I understand the value of not doing it, I get anxiety. Our bodies have thousands of years of wisdom implanted inside, and I feel like for a very long time I didn't listen to what my heart was telling me...and I paid the price for it significantly... No one is invincible and the only way to get by, at least for me, is to stay true to myself, my mind, my body and my heart to the fullest extent... I took the pack and broke every single cigarette.. I'm done denying myself and my body thinking that i'm invincible when i'm not... I'm quitting for good. I'm not touching another cigarette again. It's done nothing but set me on a dark spiral of negativity, jittieriness and anxiety..i'm done reddit, i'm done.
