Today I decided I want to quit smoking

Hi everyone! I've heard before that this is a great sub, but I've always avoided looking because I didn't want to face the reality of what I've been doing to my body. 

I'm 25 years old, I've been smoking for about 5 years now. I'm a heavy chain smoker and go through a pack a day. Before I smoked, I was extemely against it. My mom has smoked my whole life and it always upset me and when she found out I started it broke her heart. Because that makes me a massive hypocrite, I've been telling myself I'll quit since I started. But like many others, I made excuses. 

Today I decided to finally look at this sub after waking up coughing horribly and my throat burning because I smoked a few too many yesterday. I've been so annoyed with my habit in recent weeks, tired of smelling like shit, tired of feeling like shit, and the worst yet- my 4 year old niece has become fascinated with and thinks it's super cool (That is my main motivator now). My mom recently started on Chantix but she's not been following through. I realized if one of us doesn't quit, then neither of us will.

 So I took the plunge. I'm not doing it cold turkey, I'm not strong enough for that. But I did go out 2 hours ago and bought a really nice vape and low nicotine level juices. I tried a vape a few years ago when they first started becoming popular and I wasn't properly educated about how to use it and ultimately gave up. The vape shop I went into today was so incredibly helpful. I told them I want to quit and I have no idea what I'm doing, and they very kindly helped me out step by step in setting up my new system. They were incredible! So far I absolutely love it and haven't had a cigarette since I left. 

I know this is going to be a tough road. But I am so determined right now. I'm petrified of death and dying, and I realized I'm the biggest hypocrite in the world for having those feelings and continuing to smoke. I'm literally killing myself and that's not at all what I want. I'm ready for this change. I'm ready.