Day 141- I think I’m ready to tell my story...

As the title says I’ve been 100% clean of nicotine for 141 days, after smoking over a pack a day for 23 years. The reason I was able to do this, with almost no struggle, is a bit complicated, and I don’t know if you all are interested, but I’ve been a longtime hopeful-lurker in this sub, and if there’s some little nugget of inspiration, or useful information for someone out there, than I owe it to you all to share.

So first some quick stats: I’m a man in my late 30’s who smoked a pack a day + of camel lights for 20+ years. 

I consider myself smart enough to understand the risks of smoking, so I tried to quit several times over the years. Cold turkey, the patch, chantix... I usually hit about 3 months then decided I wanted to see what a puff felt like. No risk of course, because I was clean and smokes were behind me. Except, well, I’ll just say that it really is an awefully slippery slope. Every time I would be back to my usual amount (or more) within the month. 

About five years ago I was diagnosed with type 1 diabetes. Among the many issues with this disease, is the fact that it’s terrible for circulation. As is smoking.

A little over a year ago I began experiencing aches and pains in my legs and ankles. I thought it was Lyme’s Disease and got tested for it, but that was a negative. I worried about neuropathy, and saw a podiatrist who found nothing. Eventually things got really bad. The pain was staying in my foot and toes and wouldn’t go away and nobody could figure it out. 
I began to limp, and had to borrow a cane. When I stood up out of bed, or the bath, my foot would be beet red and felt like it was going to explode. The pain was out of this world. As one does, I began to manage the pain with smokes, but the problem was, it was obviously a blood-flow problem, and so the cycle went like this:
The pain is terrible, I need a smoke to deal with it, but the smoke made the pain worse because it messes with my circulation, so the pain is more terrible, so I need a smoke... etc.
This continued to the point that I stopped sleeping entirely due to the pain, and would just sit up all night smoking and trying not to cry out from the pain so I wouldn’t wake my housemates. At that point I knew i couldn’t sustain, so I told my housemate I was quitting, threw the pack out, and went to the emergency room. 
There, via CT scan, they found several blocked arteries, and rushed me to the major regional hospital for treatment. I was in the hospital for a month as they tried to clear the blockages in two of the three arteries that run down my leg to my foot, and they were almost entirely unsuccessful. In the end they were able to get me just enough blood flow that I’m able to keep my lower leg and foot -For Now-, but they had to amputate two toes entirely, and the recovery from that process was the most painful thing I have ever experienced by far. 

So now, if I live a healthy life; if I walk and hike (on all 8 remaining digits), and never ever smoke again, I may just get to live out my life without having to go through that hell (or worse) again. 

The addiction is powerful; it forces your brain into complex contortions to excuse the habit, but once there were real stakes; once I knew that to smoke again (at all) meant excruciating pain and the almost definite loss of my leg, I found myself in control again. The smoking became a thing of the past, and for a brief moment I even sort of mourned it, but it took too much from me; I paid too damn high a price, and I will never again touch nicotine of any sort.

I hope you all find your way and your reason without having to go through that nightmare, I really do, but you’ll need to look that addiction in the face and acknowledge that it affects your ability to see it for what it is. 
Good luck everyone. I wish for you all the joy of being an EX-smoker.

(Ps- on mobile so I probably rambled that in to a terribly formatted mess. Sorry. Just kinda had to get it out there.)