Some tips for cold turkey

My best advice for going cold turkey is to put everything else in life on hold and just focus on riding it out. You really don't want to be worrying about responsibilities because being responsible requires effort , trying to juggle your life and getting rid of a smoking addiction will put a lot of stress on your well being and make relapsing much more likely. You want to minimize or mitigate as many triggers as possibles during the early stages.

I went completely off the grid for the first few weeks and told people explicitly do not speak to me because I don't want to worry whether I look like a good person or not because I'm fucking jonesing on day 5, I didn't damage any relationships because of it. I rarely ate properly or washed either but it was necessary because I was so fragile during the early stages, time will do the work for you. I treated the addiction as a separate entity. I'm the slave and it's the master. I just lay down and didn't try to fight it, just accepted that I'm gonna feel like a worm for a little while. Make tons of milestones and obsess over each new one, reflect on the old ones to remind yourself the strength you are building up. It get easier over time.

I would say cravings remain their peak intensity for the first 3-4 days, they stop feeling like they creep out from the back of your head and unfold into reality in front of your eyes. This is why I say avoid all forms of responsibility because you want to direct all your energy into riding them out. It's just the efficient thing to do. There is not much secret to beating the cravings other than knowing that they don't last forever. They will 100% pass.

If I'm honest I would say be extremely greedy when quitting in the sense that you deserve not to be bothered by anything or anyone. Don't do anything you don't want to do or do anything that requires substantial effort but obviously the 1 thing can't do is smoke. Don't push things hard at all. Treat it like you have the flu or something, I rarely left my bed or even tried to be myself during the first few weeks. I see too many people try to jump back into normal life too quick and either relapse or put unnecessary struggle on themselves. You have to remember smoking is an extremely vigorous addiction which is essentially become a big part of your existence. You need time to get rid of it. Time is your best friend when quitting and should be thing that prompts you to go further and further.

During the later stages I felt an extreme desolation and sadness, I wasn't having withdrawals but I struggled to keep myself happy and having thoughts that a smoke would set me straight again. It doesn't feel as wretched as the early stages of quitting. More like the party has died down and the wind is just blowing through. You have to continue on with your day as would without smoking, I would say it's the evil spirit of smoking still lurking at this point. The ghost of smoking goes away in time so you have to be patient. Be easy on yourself. You will eventually forget about smoking by doing this.

My well being took a harsh beating but I felt it was the only way to get rid of the addiction. Everything in my life went back to normal. I didn't lose relationships with people or remain in a traumatized like state. You will be back to normal in time. Be patient and everything will fall into place.

That was in may 2018. My 3rd time being a smoker, been through the quit fully 3 times in my life and it's been the exact same struggle each time. 2nd time was being drunk with friends, 3rd time was mixing with cannabis. Worth getting rid of the ball and chain aspect if you ask me. 