Stopped smoking a little over a week ago with NRT. How I'm doing so far.

My anxiety is pretty bad at the moment so I thought I'd take the plunge and make my first post here. Since I've been lurking for a few weeks now, Hi! I'll be 30 this year, eek! I started smoking when I was 14. I've smoked 20 a day for as long as I can remember. 

I tried to stop smoking last year but it didn't stick. Though my mind was in it and it had been my decision to quit. I was prescribed patches and a few other horrible products (a mist spray thing, microtabs and gum - all separately). I stupidly believed my own lies when I tried to convince myself that I could have a smoke in the morning, put on my patch, have a smoke before bed and put my patch back on. That obviously lasted about two days. Before the end of the week I was back to smoking 20 a day. I had gotten into the habit of just taking my patch off every time I wanted a smoke. 

My fiance and I have taken up running in the past few months as well as attending the gym. I've lost 3 stone (42lbs) in the past year and with us getting healthier he's been on my back about stopping smoking. It became a daily thing where he'd nag me. Ask when I was going to stop smoking several times a day.

I was sick of hearing it and agreed to put on an appointment at the stop smoking clinic at my local GPs. I wasn't best pleased about it, I didn't want to stop smoking! 

We agreed on a quit date, she gave me a prescription for patches and microtabs again. I had my last cig on Friday the 3rd of July. I was so sad. I didn't want my last packet to end. 

The first week was horrible. I suffer from Depression, anxiety and panic disorder. I haven't left my house on my own in around 2 years. I can only go out if I'm with someone. My depression and anxiety went into overdrive. 

On the 11th I bought 10 cigs. My fiance was so disappointed which made me feel horrible but I had a good reason. I bought them with a purpose. When I first quit it wasn't because I wanted to. I felt like I was being made to. I came here and was inspired by stories of people who had quit or who wanted to quit and were seeking help. I began to realize how stupid my addiction was and how reliant I was on nicotine. But when I stopped, when I had that last cig it was only sadness I felt. No disdain for smoking just a feeling of loss. And that's how I felt for the whole week. I felt like I was missing out on something, I was being punished. 

I wanted to have that last defiant cig, that I put out and declare my last. I wanted to not want it, to not enjoy it. To look down at it in my hand and feel stupid not loss or sadness and that's what happened. On the Saturday I had one, my chest felt tight. I had to stand outside (I used to smoke in the kitchen), I didn't like it, it burned my throat even thought I'd bought the light variety. But I had another one a few hours later. I had another one on Sunday after lunch. On Monday I had two while on the phone but I was getting that feeling. The feeling I'd been looking for. I didn't enjoy them, I didn't want to smoke them. I crumbled up the remaining cigs and threw them in the bin. This is what I'd been missing! This time it was my choice and I felt so empowered. 

I haven't had any since. I haven't noticed any huge differences since quitting. I never had a smokers cough, I never wheezed at night. I've always had a really sensitive nose (too sensitive most of the time, I start retching when something smells too strong to me but nobody else can smell it). But I still feel better for it! 

I don't recommend my approach by the way. It was something I knew would work for me because I know me. But someone else trying it might just slip straight back into smoking. 

I'm currently using patches although I sometimes forget to change them and the gum which is actually really nice >_< If you chew it too much it hurts your throat but it's so tasty! 

This was really long I'm sorry but I'm home alone and my anxiety plays up at the best of times when I'm home alone. I'm hoping my anxiety dies back down to it's 'normal' level soon. 

Thank you to every single person who posts here <3 