Nicorette QuickMist aka My saving Grace. Anyone tried this? It's amazing.

So i'll start off by saying that i didn't consider myself a heavy smoker. 1-2 packs (20) a week. I'd mostly smoke when i was out drinking or gigging (i'm a producer). Most of my friends and a large part of my social circle smokes. I would also have a single cigarette before bed (routine i guess). After starting a regular job this year my habit picked up slightly and i was having 1-4 smokes a day.

A friend of mine who has been off Captain Blacks (cigars) for about 9-11 months showed me Nicorette's QuickMist quitting solution.

It's basically one of those breath freshener mouth sprays but with approx. 1 mg nicotine per spray. It has completely rid me of any and all cravings and even just the thought of anything to do with smoking. Even around large groups of smokers i can comfortably join in the socializing without any cravings what-so-ever. 

The spray hits your mouth and throat quite harsh the first few times, like misting listerine into your throat. After a few uses you get used to it but it still hits like a drag of smoke (similar to). There doesnt seem to be any kind of nicotine high or light-headedness unless i havent eaten anything. It's basically odourless to anyone around and leave a nice minty taste in my mouth.

I've tried a few quitting solutions in the past:

* nicotine inhaler (too much like a cigarette and too harsh also required frequent refills)

* e-cigs (seemed pretentious didnt give enough hit and the flavours were heinous. Also after hearing about these nicotene ODs happening around them too...) 

All-in-all it has been GREAT! I even TRY to bring on a craving to see how little i want a cigarette (thinking about the taste and the movement etc.) and i haven't been able to to. Been off Cigarettes since the 25th of December.

Cost is about $40 AUS but will last about a month if you are a pack-a-day smoker.

[More info (australian Site)](http://www.nicorette.com.au/products/quickmist)

TL;DR Nicorette QuickMist is the best quitting solution i have tried, if you have exhausted multiple method and haven't tried this. Give it a shot.