Over 6 months and still going! The journey so far...

*Wall of Text Warning*

Hello everyone!  First I wanted to say thank you to everyone who posts in this sub. I have been lurking since January and read some great advice on here. I thought I should finally start to contribute.

Why I quit:

I quit in January 2015. Why? For my wife, for my health, for the fact that I was just standing outside and wasting time sucking smoke into my lungs for nicotine’s sake… I was also drinking a tad too much and as many of us know, smoking and drinking can go hand in hand. My desire to smoke was really starting to affect my life in very noticeable ways. It needed to stop.

How I quit:

Cold turkey. Yup. The day I decided to quit was the day after I had done something particularly stupid and that was my initial motivation to just flat-out stop.  The “Smoke Free Beta” app on my phone was a huge help keeping me motivated as well. I started eating candy and snacks more often but hey I just gave up 2 terrible habits (smoking and drinking to excess). Also, porn. Porn is a great distraction from cravings…  

Another thing that I think helped me greatly was that I also started seeing a doctor about my (what turned out to be much more severe than I was willing to admit to myself) depression and have been on medication since January as well. While I cannot quantify the effect of my anti-depression meds I think they were a contributing factor to keeping me smoke free. 

A bump along the way:

Stress is something that many of us probably coped with by smoking. I had a significant amount of stress thrown into the mix June 1st when my wife left me. (That is off-topic and I will not go into it here). The point is that event almost broke me. I bought a pack. I stared at it. I opened it. I smelled the cigarettes in their nice little foil covered home, then I threw them away. Then I sat on my couch and cried with my dog…but I didn’t smoke. Sweet zombie Jesus I want to though… The only thing I can offer to you all about how I made it through that - dealing with a craving that strong – would be to think about exactly why you are trying to quit. Also, I was bouncing between super sad and super angry and I was not going to let my ex-wife destroy all the progress I made. I got angry – and maybe that helped fuel my willpower.

I think willpower is a lot like a muscle. The more you exercise it the stronger it gets. Sure, you may fail. A person’s will may fade for a moment, but who gives a shit? It is you vs. the nicotine your brain is craving. It is a battle and sometimes you may be pushed back but you are not failing as long as you keep trying. 

Lingering cravings:

My cravings have not entirely gone away. The situational ones, after dinner, waking up, in the car…etc… have all but disappeared. I find my biggest issue is the boredom cravings, the ones at pop up seemingly at random. I had to find something to distract myself and I am getting better at it. One thing that helped was an RC helicopter. I would always go outside to smoke. I would smoke when I took my dog outside to handle her business. I would smoke every time. EVERY SINGLE TIME. I had to find something to distract myself. I bought a cheap $20 helicopter and started goofing around with it outside while playing with my dog or waiting on her to turn in a circle 19 times and then, maybe, pee. I found something to substitute for smoking. Now I have a new hobby!

I hope that somewhere in this wall of text there may be something that might help someone here quit or stay quit. Thank you all on this sub for helping me - more than you know. 
