A little over two years and still going strong. It is achievable!

https://www.reddit.com/r/stopsmoking/comments/3ee30a/over_6_months_and_still_going_the_journey_so_far/
I posted over a year ago (link above) and I wanted to write a follow-up.  Reading through this subreddit has been a huge help to me and I wanted to pass along some positive vibes.
 
I am happy to report that I am still smoke free!  I have no interest in cigarettes anymore. None. I thought it was going to take much longer but nearly all of my old triggers that made me think about / want a cigarette have disappeared.  In the morning, after meals, taking the dog outside… None of it bothers me anymore. It doesn’t even smell good to me anymore.
 
I do still have one BIG trigger though. Alcohol. After a few beers it starts to creep back in.  My solution so far is pretty straight forward. I avoid alcohol.  Admittedly I had been drinking way too much for close to 15 years so laying off the booze helped out a lot. I even started dropping weight. I went from 301 to 259 (as of today) and still going.  I still have a beer now and then but I think that as I grew more confident in my ability to resist cravings and the pride I have in myself for sticking with it is a huge mental boost.
  
I feel better than I ever have. Smell and taste have improved drastically and I also haven’t gotten sick anywhere near as much as I used to (colds and stuff like that). 

I did find that I replaced one vice for another as I have fully embraced a new-found love for caffeine. Coffee is yummy and I regret nothing. 

I hope this helps encourage people because it can be done. It was not easy by any stretch of the imagination (see my older post – some shit went down that sucked). The longer you go through it the easier it gets (at least for me). 

The android app Smoke Free, which I think I had heard about in this sub, has also been an enormous help to me too (more so in the beginning) and I would highly recommend it to anyone that needs that little extra encouragement. On the health screen it almost looks like watching yourself level up!

Most of the time I just lurked around the sub but still, THANK YOU to all of you for helping me! I hope this helps other people who find themselves here trying to take that first step into quitting!
