The only can't in my life

I'm a very disciplined person when it comes to action, jobs, studies, stuff like that - but I am because I recognized that before, I wasn't, so I worked on it. I push, and I get what I want, it's what people know me for but more importantly, it's what I know me for. 

I scroll past this subreddit and I see posts, and it makes me so happy that you all can do this amazing thing! But I feel guilty because I'm smoking nearly every time I pass it - hell, I'm smoking rn!

Ive gone several weeks before with no darts, but I keep falling back. I picked it up when I was in a bad spot mentally, and it's been there through all my learnings. I've only been 3y smoking, started at 21, but I'm having so much trouble taking that first step.

A lot of what I've learned in the last 3 years was with smoking. I was a complete dork before, and now I've pushed past a lot of what I disliked about myself and am happier than ever with what I've done. But every chill sesh with friends, every class, every doctors appointment, every fall and rise and but of learning I have done, I've had a cigarette. I can't stress how stark of a change today to 3 years ago has been; complete overhaul.

I've also never in my life met someone who's quit. All my parents, uncles and aunts, partners, friends who have "quit," have gone back to the packs.

And I feel ridiculous, because I've overcome some things that bring people to tears when I tell them, but I just feel I can't do this. Can't really isn't something I say. In my life, cigarettes are the only thing I feel I can't stop. And I know I'll get there, and I know steps and execution, but starting it is terrifying to me.

I also have trouble because health hazards hasn't caught up. I still live an active life style, doctors check me out fine, I'm an avid cyclist doing at least an hour a day of high intensity and I never lose my breath. But I know that if it keeps up, I'll be screwed. The other factor is it costs 10 and change for a pack, and I'm a pack a day. I spend more on cigarettes than I do groceries in a week.

Everything about it disgusts me, but again, the can't feels large. I just needed to get it out. You all are an inspiration, and are helping, and I envy you.