Anxiety and smoking. Backstory and Day 2 Plans - I'm feeling good!

Backstory - if you want to skip it, I'll divide it and the Day 2 plan is right below this.

Started smoking at 11. Not many a day. Until I moved to my own place. Depression hit. I didn't open any windows and smoked 2 packs a day. In about a year my apartment had yellow walls, some t-shirts hanging had yellow stains... I was so miserable I did not notice that my place was basically a health hazard.

Fast forward and I start smoking only outside. Still a lot but after a deep cleaning and seeing how damaged things were... damn. A friend bought me a vape kit ... 4 years ago. (Now, I've noticed many people over here have something against nicotine itself but my problem is/was mostly my anxiety and associating smoking with a "break" from the world. Of course nicotine is addictive af but the fidgeting is stronger) I was smoking 2 packs a day. In 2 weeks I was completely off cigs. I couldn't even handle the smell of it. It was very easy to quit! After 10+ years, it was surprisingly easy.

Vape stuff for some months until I didn't even like nicotine in that. So I just started using zero nic stuff. And everything was fine. 

But then, that friend who bought me the vape kit died. And the first thing after receiving the news a... I bought a pack. I lie - I bought about 10 packs of different brands and types of any smoking shit - from slim's to marlboro to full-on cigars.

From then on I was so overwhelmed by grief that I now know I just smoked because I didn't care if it killed me - almost like "I might as well die asap and I'll die happy". Then some other loved ones died and I just... gave up on myself. I did take care of me and tried to ride the emotions but the smoking part I just didn't mind. Still, just outside... 

Last year I nearly died - "A combination of things but the smoking... you need to quit asap". My lungs stopped working. After being released I was so afraid of everything, of inhaling bad stuff... I stared at the pack I left in a shelf before being rushed to the ER. For about a week. Then I thought "Fuck it" and went for a smoke. Very anxious and feeling guilty  because I still had trouble breathing and I had health issues I never imagined having before being a 50 or 60 year old. I was 28. The thing is - anxiety took over. The overwhelming anxiety from unresolved grief and fear for my own life made me start smoking again... So, I'd been smoking the slimmest slim's I could find and the "weaker" ones. How ridiculous and strange that the fear of possibly dying again because of cigs made me smoke even more because of the anxiety it caused? Again I noticed I felt guilty for surviving so I was just giving up... That is until I got (finally) a GREAT therapist. As I changed my outlook on life and went from "don't want to live" to "life is too short!" I felt really REALLY angry. At me, at how cigs are sold as the same way as a pack of lollipops and how expensive that shit is. I can't work for a while so I was spending a lot on cigs and paying high taxes. I got really angry. I was basically a sheep. Handing out my money easily for a pack, trying to recover from a lung condition.... I think anger was the best thing that I could've felt. 

\------- DAY 2 ---------------

Yesterday (day 1). Too hot to go outside and 2 weeks to myself, getting some rest. I think it's great to have the time to tackle the issue, I don't think I'd go for it it I didn't have some time off to just ... do whatever. 

Yesterday was hard, not gonna lie. Anxiety is my main issue so my brain starts to shoot things I don't want to think about and the cigs were a break from that. But they also spiked my heart rate... How stupid. Yesterday I could barely sleep but I kept myself busy planning the next days. Lollipops, chewing gum... I was relieved when I finally dropped in bed from exhaustion.

Today is Day 2. 

Here is my plan:

I love to roller skate. Whenever I go for it I'll spend 2 our 3 hours just gliding around and it feels amazing. I got my favorite music on the mp3 player and at the end of the day when the sun goes down I'm going for a nice stroll around. 

The fidgeting thing and anxiety is being controlled by a lot of kid's toys around - specially the cube thing with many different buttons and features to fidget with (Fidget Cube? - I highly recommend it). 

Whenever I feel I want to smoke I just think about how it truly feels like - you light it up and you have about 20 seconds of fake pleasure but then I'd get bothered by the smoke, the smell on my hands and clothes and I'd always throw it half way through that shit. I keep thinking "Remember how you just had a fake couple seconds of feeling good until you were already regretting lighting it up because it did not help in the end". As much as I'd like to light one up, I keep in mind everything I hate about smoking. 

I am vaping again - in honour of my friend who just gave that to me because he hated seeing me smoke. I had some old nicotine chewing gum hidden for quite some time and I gave it a go but doesn't help me that much...

Today I will put my affairs in order, chill out, watch all the movies I've been planning to watch, talk to friends I haven't talked to in a while. I will take care of myself and allow some junk food. Those ice sticks with flavours are super helpful! 

Anxiety and cigs will not get the best of me. I have my popcorn, my list of movies, the book I never got around to reading, the house is clean and tidy and I can just relax. 

Surprisingly I thought coffee in the morning would be so hard... it wasn't. Again, vaping helps and I downgraded to a smaller device with lower power so I could fidget with it. 

So - roller skating, movies, books, junk food. And treating myself to a nice bath, play with my pets and just immerse myself in pure leisure time.

For all the anxious smokers out there - smoking momentarily provides some comfort but that comfort is a lie. Your heart rate goes up, your blood starts pumping faster and you (and I - I'm not above that) get even more anxious. Having trouble sleeping, mind racing... And how did I ever convince myself (and why) that it was the best "medication" for it? I don't know but I'm angry at how I ended up feeling that way.

I know each of us have their own strategies and nicotine is a hard subject to throw around here but if you just need it for a while don't feel bad about it. There are so many substances in a cig that the nicotine is the lesser of it. 

I will keep some nic intake and I won't feel guilty about that. Because anything is better than spending ridiculous amounts of money on something designed to keep you addicted when you just want.... peace of mind. Smoking is everything BUT peace of mind. 

I'll be here for all people that are more anxiety prone and it's harder to quit but day 2 and I'm feeling pretty damn good - just a mild headache and some anxious feelings but nothing that won't disappear after I drown myself in being lazy and staring at a screen and go for a nice roller skate session blasting my favorite music.

Thank you ALL in this subreddit. If I hadn't found this... I'd probably just shove off the idea of quitting. Glad I found this.

Hope you all the best even if you're not "quite there yet" because it's not impossible. It's not even THAT hard if you are just strong enough to deal with your cranky self for some days and find anything, and I mean anything really that takes your mind out of smoking - lollipops, chewing on paper, biting pieces of glass (kidding) whatever you need - don't feel guilty for giving your best to quit even if the strategies sound "ridiculous" or infantile. 

There are options. And I gotta tell you, I finally think "Life is too short" instead of "Why am I taking so long to die" - and that is the best gift.