Quit smoking February 5th after smoking over half of my life! If I can, anyone can!

Argh, accidentally deleted a post that was almost finished!

I quit smoking on the 5th because I was having oral surgery for an impacted wisdom tooth. I planned only on quitting for the amount of time it took for healing and I was proud of myself for that, so I told my oral surgeon right before he ran my IV to give me anesthesia. He said, "You should just stay quit. Once you've healed, you'll be over the worst part."

I hadn't thought of that but I decided right then and there I was quitting and not going back. My doctor had been on me to quit, my smoking had caused a nagging cough I'd never had before.

I honestly didn't know if I was going to ever quit. I wrote smoking off as one of my "vices" and I enjoy it, if it kills me earlier in life, oh well. In reality, I think I just didn't want to deal with it because where I'm at now, that's the worst excuse ever.

My husband quit a few days after I did. He had to get a wisdom tooth pulled and a couple of cavities filled, nothing he had to go to an oral surgeon for but still.

I'm feeling ***so much better*** it's amazing. I brushed my doctor off when he told me how quitting would help me feel better, probably help my allergies so I wouldn't need to be on the huge cocktail I'm on, and allow me to back off inhalers for my asthma, just go back to using Singulair and having my rescue inhaler for emergencies. He was right, though.

Just 4 days after quitting and still wearing my nicotine patches, my already normally healthy BP (normally was around 107-115/70-75) had dropped to 92/64. My resting heart rate that has always been tachycardic at around 110 BPM (my regular non-resting HR was something else) was 68 BPM at that check up! At 4 days of no smoking! That really has me encouraged about the damage I've done can be undone by just not smoking.

I also say that if I can do this, anyone can do this because I'm doing this in the middle of recovering from a long term opiate addiction. I'm going about it through methadone maintenance therapy which I know some will argue is just trading in addictions and I'm not really clean, but that's not really an argument for /r/stopsmoking - my point is that I'm beating two incredibly difficult substances at once.

I stopped wearing my patches because half of them didn't stay on and I was doing ok without them. I am using a super low nic blend (8mg and 0mg mixed 1:1) e-liquid in a personal vaporizer I've had and I use when I'm really stressed, emotional, etc. but I haven't had any actual cigarette cravings and I have to walk through a wall of smoke and smokers 6 days a week at the methadone clinic. No cravings. It'd be super easy to bum a cigarette off of someone but I just don't have the urge. I'm proud of that, too!

Sorry for the rambling on my first post, I'm just super excited and yeah. :)