Dealing With Mood Swings / Temper When Quitting?

Hey y'all!
TL;DR first, extra details after.

I'm 24, been a daily smoker for 6 years, on average about a pack a day. I don't even **want** to keep smoking at this point. Cigs don't make me happy like they used to. Three months ago when I tried to quit, I made it about 40 hours before work pissed me off &amp; I bummed one off a buddy &amp; went right back to smoking. How the hell do you deal with the mood swings? I don't like being angry, but it happens, I just don't know how to deal with that crap without smoking. That's the whole reason I started. Help?

So more background information. I started smoking occasionally at 15-16, and started smoking heavily by 18-19. I've had anger issues since I was a little kid, I think its just in my blood. But, a lot of the reason I started smoking was I didn't know how to deal with my emotions &amp; smoking (unfortunately) helps, and cause I was a fatass, and hated it, and figured the easiest way to lose weight was to eat less. I don't get violent or aggressive, I just brood and end up being *really* mean to people. Like I mentioned, I tried to quit smoking not too long ago, and just ended up at work, tired and cranky and caught myself before I let loose &amp; went to smoke instead. (I work in a kitchen, and if you're not familiar, cooks *love* their vices, booze, cigs, drugs, its just the culture) 

I've been working out for the last two months, and really enjoying it. I was a fat little kid, who turned into a short but wiry adult. But man I hit a wall today, hard. Went and worked out, got through my routine &amp; felt awesome and energized by the time I finished, walked to my car &amp; lit up a cigarette. About halfway through I just felt gross and kind of bummed out and unhappy, and smoked it down to the filter - I think because I'm so used to smoking boosting my mood - and felt even more gross afterwards. I realized on the drive home, I'm just not in love with cigarettes anymore. They're not fulfilling like they used to be. I realized a couple days ago, I've been getting such small results (weight gains) from the gym, because I'm not eating enough, and I don't eat like I used to because I smoke. I've got a buddy who put on 40 pounds of muscle in 3 months, and while my schedule isn't nearly as conducive to workout out as his, I just feel pathetic with my measly 4 pounds in 2 months when comparing to him. 

I'm just sick of being a smoker. I'm sick of the coughing fits and waking up tired and hocking loogies all hours of the day. But I'm scared that I'm going to turn into an asshole if I quit, and I don't want that. I could really use some advice on dealing with the mood swings &amp; stuff.

Thanks for reading guys. 
Cheers. 