Over 2 years without ingesting any nicotine whatsoever after smoking 1 pack a day for 14 years.

Hey there guys. I just ran across this subreddit and thought I would share my experience. 

So I didn't really have a pressing reason to quit. I felt fine, was physically active, no family to worry about. Then in late 2011 I decided to switch to vaporizers mostly because it seemed cheaper in the long run and healthier. I didn't have any real desire or plan to quit though.

It was great, I felt better, I could smell again and I enjoyed it. So after about a month the damn thing broke and I decided I wasn't coughing up the money for a new one and that I was tired of being nicotine's bitch so I quit.

It was excruciatingly difficult. I couldn't handle breaks at work. It was hard to sleep and when I did I was dreaming about smoking. After eating was torture. For me that lasted about 6 months. It was horrible, I literly felt like I was somehow starving. After that I had a pretty good handle on it but it was still pretty hard, maybe 30% easier. After a year it was no problem but I still missed smoking lot, they still smelled delicious and I could have easily started up again. Unfortunately I had turned to food to help manage the "starving" feeling and I had put on a good deal of weight, which became its own problem. 

Now I am at the point where I can't stand the smell and I couldn't possibly start again unless I put effort into it and forced myself. I have also started to effectively manage my weight and should be back to my old size within the next couple months. 

I wish I could be more motivational and uplifting but the truth is quitting is one of the most difficult things you will ever do. The only thing you can really do is stay committed, hunker down and embrace the suck. The only advise I can give is **no cheating!** You will only make it harder and one puff turns into one cig witch turns into one pack, at which point you are fucked. 

So that's my story for what it's worth. No big secret to success or good tips and tricks but if I can do it anybody can. Hang in there guys, time is your friend.