I failed a week ago, it's the first time I ever regretted starting in the first place.

Last Wednesday I traveled up to a local city and was having a great time up until the last couple of hours, myself and a good freind (both 18) got talking to a guy at the bar who was obviously well known and quite well liked all was going well. We were talking to him for a good hour before my mate mentioned he was starting to feel a bit edgy I knew exactly what he meant. (this bloke was very, very drunk. At the time he was still an alright guy but things were about to go sour very quickly) we offered to buy him a drink and attempted to dodge. He was having none of it and bought us another round, okay thats all good but then we really have to leave to catch a train back to the little town we were staying in he offered to take us to the train station as truth be told, we didn't really know where we were in relation to it.

We agreed apprehensively as it was starting to feel like we would never get rid of him, which is what we both wanted at this point, but we figured we had tickets and he didn't so we would be fine, anyway we got to the train station and the train is sitting there waiting, perfect we would hop on and never see this guy ever again. Wrong. We got on and I took a leak, as I came out I saw this guy walking past the window ready to get on, the fucker had bought a ticket to the same destination. We had already told him where we were at when we were on good terms earlier on in the night. At this point I was shitting bricks (he had used phrases such as "I'm the daddy, I tell you what to do" and "you're a fucking dick, I am going to kill you")

I ran up the train and found my mate thankfully before he found us, I told him we were getting the fuck off it and finding another option, we got off and waited for the train we needed to be on leave, the train this nut case was on.

And i bought a pack of cigarettes, Not going to beat around the bush I was fucking terrified, I have never been as scared as I was then. If i had never started smoking I would never have considered this as an option, but at that point it seemed like the only real option to calm down. Needless to say it did calm me down. Now that I could think slightly more clearly we ended up getting on a train back to our hometown (£30 a ticket) my car and everything was still in the other county but that didn't matter.

So here I am, day 44 and I cracked. It feels bad, I feel like I have let people down, but worse I have let myself down. I will get back in the saddle in a couple of days but im getting rid of my flair today.

tl;dr: Psycho from different city stalked us though his hometown, bricks were shat, cigarettes were smoked.