Becoming a non-smoker

Growing up in a smoking household in the 80s, I always knew from a young age that I would end up being a smoker. Even though I would constantly yell at my mother to open the car door windows in -40 Celcius weather because she was killing me with her smoke and constantly lecturing her at the ripe old age of 15 at what smoking was doing to her body.

Once I turned 18 and left the house, sure as hell, I lit up and never looked back. It felt natural, it felt right, it tasted good. I went on to smoke for the next 22 years of my life. I started with 1 pack (25 cigarettes) a day, peaked at 3-4 packs while operating a night club for approximately 6-7 years in my mid-late twenties, and went down again to 1 pack at 29 when I moved back to my home country and for the next 10 years.

I had never actively tried to quit smoking this whole time - I loved the flavour, the taste, the comfort of smoking. A cigarette was, at times, the only thing that was there for me and gave me comfort, during some of the darkest times of my life, things you only see in multiple movies and things you never expect to happen to the same person, in the same lifetime.

I had given up smoking, against my will, 3 times in the past due to being hospitalized for other random things. But the moment I was discharged, each time, I would light up again. Even though I had the advantage of having all the nicotine expelled from my body and no withdrawal symptoms. That first cigarette felt like heaven.

This past weekend (Saturday, June 22nd) I had actively decided I'm done - that's it. Yes, I enjoy it; yes, I crave it; yes, it was killing my wallet, my body, my brain, my willpower, my free-will. I used June's smoke money (in our monthly budget) and went and got laser therapy. I read that apparently you walk into these sessions as a full-fledged smoker, and walk out a non-smoker. I thought easy-peasy right?

The days that have ensued have been my own personal hell. Within 4 hours I started getting angry and extremely moody (more so than normal). It only peaked from there. At first, I thought it was just my normal, stressful, everyday life but towards the end of the day I realised it was the addiction. I lasted all weekend without one but yesterday, Monday, at the office, I caved after lunch (at about 3:00 p.m.) and asked one of my smoking buddies to give me one. He immediately caved and gave me one and came out with me for a smoke. The laser treatment may have worked, because although I did get that high you get after having a cigarette after a very long time (even more so), I also felt nauseated by the taste immediately. That right there should have been my turning point to put it out. Did I? Of course not! Being the stubborn idiot that I am, I smoked the whole thing, and then longingly stared at the cigarette butt on the ground wanting more.

I then proceeded to be mad at myself for the remainder of the day and went home only to keep arguing with my spouse and snapping at him about absolutely everything! I almost feel like I should be locked up in a room or something. He has been very supportive &amp; understanding but at what cost? Our neighbour, a 85 year old man diagnosed with severe lung cancer, was out walking his dog at 10 p.m. last night and smoking while doing so - I was on the verge of opening our front door and begging for a cigarette! I AM SO ANGRY AT MYSELF!!!

So, I jump out of bed at 5:00 a.m. this morning, get ready for work, and all I can think of is how I would kill for a smoke. I get in the car to go to the office early, and instead of getting on the freeway, I pull into the nearest gas station, buy a pack, tear the package open like a mad woman and proceed to sit in the car in the parking lot and smoke one. I didn't get the high again; I did however feel calm almost immediately, while at the same time, I could feel my heart beat going up. I then proceeded to drive to work, and lit a second one for the drive. I could only smoke about 1/3 of it though (3-4 puffs) and then threw it out because I wasn't enjoying the taste, and it was burning my throat. I have now just turned on computer at work, and just writing this is making me sad at how powerless I feel and how I'm lying to my spouse and putting him through hell with my terrible mood swings, all for naught.