Time to finish the job. Day One starts at midnight.

To this day, I still remember the first one I ever had, standing out in the rain huddled up with my best friend under the part of the roof that stuck out. Some nameless generic brand of whatever he stole from the convenience store near his house. This was 20 years ago. Something about it had always fascinated me. Maybe it was going over to my grandmothers house when I was younger, seeing her smoke and smelling the leftover tinge in the air, and liking it. Maybe it was the self-inflicted peer pressure as a freshman in high school that got me to start. Maybe it was just having an addictive personality.

Either way, 20 years later here I am, finally realizing that this habit needs to end. 

Overcoming addiction is something I've done with some measure of success in the past two years. A year and a half ago, I put the bottle down forever after I somehow drove home 40 miles after 12 beers and two shots in three hours and didn't wind up dead, in the hospital or in jail. I haven't touched a drop since. One year ago, I quit smoking pot cold turkey, after a humiliating breakup, realizing I'd been burying my emotions under it for 15 years. I haven't touched weed since.

Somehow, quitting cigarettes feels like it is going to be more difficult than both of those combined. 

I've already filled out the insurance information from work during open enrollment, confirming I'll be smoke free for 2015. And tonight I went on a date with an awesome girl, who I got along with really well, but for whom smoking is a dealbreaker. I purposely didn't smoke for hours before the date, wore clean and washed clothes, and after we hugged goodbye, she texted me very soon after indicating she'd like to see each other again, but also asked if I'd smoked beforehand, because her jacket smelled like it. This really hammered it home that, yeah, even though it's been a few hours, your "clean clothes" still smell like goddamn smoke. 

So yeah... it's time. And before anyone even comments on this, I want to thank every member of this sub, and the fact that it exists, for your community. I posted a lot over in r/stopdrinking when I quit and they are an immensely supportive and wonderful group of people, and I foresee posting with regularity over here for these next few, difficult weeks.

Looking forward to starting this new journey with everyone!