36/m 10yr pack-a-day. Quit and haven't had a single craving. I think I'm actually done.

I started smoking at 15.  Worked my way up to a pack a day while still in high school (impressive, right?  between hiding them from my family and being in school, that means I was basically smoking a pack between 3pm and 10pm on weekdays). After about 3 years of that, I quit cold turkey for 7 years.  Started partying a lot senior year in college, and before I knew it, a pack a day again. 9 years later, I finally quit drinking.  Of course, I started smoking more than ever.  1.5-2 packs a day for a year straight.  started having difficulty breathing.  Got a cold and it turned into bronchitis and then pneumonia. Twice. 

Every day for 3 months I told myself I was going to quit that day, but couldn't manage to last more than a couple hours.  Got another cold and turned it into bronchitis again, and still couldn't quit. The idea of quitting was making me really depressed, and not being able to quit was making me feel pathetic and weak.  I'm not a weak willed person, quite the contrary, but I could not knock the smoking. A doctor suggested a hypnotist that had cured his wife and several friends, but the fee was far too steep for me.  I had just about given up. I daily thought to myself, this is the cigarette that's going to kill me.  and was still unable to not smoke it.  

Randomly searching on the interwebs for ways to quit, I came across some threads about Allen Carr's book, the Easy Way to Stop Smoking. The comments were really positive, and I figured what the hell.  downloaded the audiobook.  Promised myself not to be skeptical and give it a chance. Followed the instructions to keep puffing through the book (boy, did i. killed about 2 packs in the 6 hours it took to listen to the book). Listened to the last two chapters with the specific instructions 4 times a piece.  As per the instructions, went out and had that last cigarette.  Spent some time with it.  paid attention to it.  Went to bed, still not really convinced I was quitting.  

Woke up the next morning and had no desire to smoke.  none.  Yes, I've had a pang here and there, but haven't associated it with smoking, nor have I had to use substitution, like food, patches, gum, e-cigs, etc.  It's been a week now, and I am 100% certain that I am done for good.  

This is probably not news to most.  I'm sure there are haters of the book.  But I wanted to share in case there was anyone like me that just could not quit, and could perhaps be helped by the book.  FYI, just my advice, do what he says.  Read the book until you are done, don't put it away for a while and drag it out. Keep smoking while you read the book.  and follow his instructions at the end.  Best of luck.  it's worth it. 

Cheers

  