Reflections on my 28 days smoke free - hope it helps someone.

I am now 28 days smoke free and I hope to share my experience of what I have found helpful. It is my third attempt at stopping smoking and I am determined this time to learn from my past mistakes! I know from experience that it is easy to start again, especially by falling into the trap of thinking "just one wont hurt". 
Resources that I have used to help me stop:-
I have read Allen Carr's "Easyway to Stop Smoking" book twice and have found it helpful each time. For this quit I watched his video clips (available on an app). I have also used an app "smoke free" which is very motivational and provides some great coping strategies for managing cravings. I also used electronic cigarettes for my first two weeks. I think they helped as it felt more unnatural and reinforced the idea to me that it is drug addiction and therefore not my choice to smoke. 
Things to remember that have helped me:-
"No-one wants to be a smoker" - I have remembered this when around smokers to help resist the temptation to start again.
When stressful things have happened I have thought to myself "well at least I don't smoke anymore - that's one less thing to worry about!". When I have seen smokers having a casual cigarette I have reminded myself that that cigarette is likely to be followed by a lifetime of cigarettes that the smoker wishes they didn't have to smoke. 
I have kept the money that I would have spent on cigarettes in a jar and am saving it for a meal for me and my partner to thank him for being supportive - this is helping me to stay motivated!
Telling people about my progress has helped me to feel committed and benefit from the support that people have offered - plus using this website has helped me see what a big deal quitting smoking is - so thank you everyone!

I know I am at the beginning of a long road but it is a relief to be a non-smoker and I am determined this time to stay smoke free! I want to have a baby in the near future so am also reminding myself that my body will be healthier for this too.

Best of luck to everyone else on their journey!