So I looked in the mirror brushing my teeth today.

So a couple of days ago I decided to stop smoking.  I was up to about a pack a day and did it to save money.  I went out and bought some dip, which yeah, stupid, but I'm sick of the smell, and dip is significantly cheaper.

But then today, I had just finished brushing my teeth, and just started flossing my top row of teeth, when I start bleeding.  Whatever, it happens, I had flossed that particular gum too hard anyway, and when I got close to the mirror to check to make sure I didn't cut my gums, and noticed something about my bottom row of incisors.  Something that put the biggest feeling of dread into my heart that I've ever felt whilst flossing.

The sides of my incisors were starting to turn yellow.  Not offwhite, not eggshell, but full on classic "pack-a-day" yellow.  Something I see full-on with my pack-a-day uncle and some of the seedier senior military guys I work with.

I've been up to about a pack a day for just about a year now, pretty much since I've been in Korea.  The thing about Korea is that there's no preparation for a deployment, and that's especially true where I'm at because I'm well within NK's artillery range, where the estimated causalities lie upwards of 90%, and probably more if they use chemical warfare.  

So pretty much nobody cares, they're just trying to get their year out of the way.  For the first couple of months I smoked cause of stress.  First time having an ocean between me and literally everything/everybody I know, first time being even close to a weapon system that could go off at any time and kill specifically ME, and my first patients who put their health in my hands.  Lot of stress on a 20 year old who had never left the country before.  After awhile, my stress smoking just kinda became my normal smoking as I got into the feel of things and realized that "eh, fuck it, there's literally nothing I can do about the situation if North Korea attacks".  

Last week I realized that smoking, especially the smell, has really only hindered me.  I was spending about 100 dollars a month on cigarettes, at a minimum, the smell constantly pissed of this girl I was seeing as well as the taste, it was probably one of the key factors of my break-up with my first long-time girlfriend a year and a half ago,  when I went home on leave when I turned 21 it made a girl stop dancing with me ("Oh you smoke?" "Yeah, is that a problem" "Uhhhh, yeah").  Now I'm hitting up OKcupid before I PCS to Fort Bliss to kinda get a feel for the area, and "no smoking!" seems to come up a lot.  

And through all of that. The thing that got me was my teeth.  I take ridiculously good care of my teeth.   I brush a minimum of twice a day, and I only don't brush three times a day when I literally can't make it back to my room to brush at lunch.  I floss morning and nights, and use mouthwash every time I brush.  I spend the extra dime to make sure I get the best toothbrushes, the best toothpaste, the best mouthwash (floss is always floss).  And through ALL of that, through two kinds of "whitening power", through CONSTANT brushing, the sides of my stupid front incisors are STARTING TO TURN YELLOW.

I don't know if its the dip, and the only reason I can think of that I didn't notice it sooner is because I don't normally get that close to the mirror except to pop zits.  

I'm done with it though. Not even just the teeth.  I'm sick of people telling me I smell like smoke, I'm sick of my laundry just reeking of the stuff.  I've had two girls tell me they can taste it and that it tastes and smells bad when they kiss me, and I was snubbed on the dance floor because I was a smoker.  My mom hates it, my dad always says he wish he didn't start, my grandpa has standing orders to no longer smoke because of his diabetes, my grandmas can't smoke because they've both had god damn strokes, my uncle's teeth are fucking HORRENDOUS probably because he smokes 2-3 packs a day and doesn't bother to take care of his teeth like I do.  The only people who've not had real serious complications from smoking are my father, my uncle, and myself, and then probably only us because we're all under 50.  I'm done.  

**August 12th is my last day.**



