Guys, I really need some feedback on my situation. Please read my story and tell my how I should handle myself.

Hey guys, long story incoming. I don't expect anything out of this, but I could at least try to seek some help from r/stopsmoking and r/leaves.

I'm a 21 year old guy, going to college. I started smoking at age 15, around the time my parents divorced and my depression started. 

At age 17, me and my lifetime long best friend started smoking weed almost everyday. It would also be the two of us smoking, outside at some park because our parents wouldn't know. Because of this, we would almost never go out to get to know other people, because we prefer to go smoking weed with just the two of us with no one else involved, enjoying our own music with our portable speakers and think about life.

When I started going to college, me and my friend would only see each other every friday. So I only smoke weed once a week for two years now, sometimes more when it's holidays.

Since I started smoking weed, we already thought about quitting everything and just become who I would like to become. But you know how it goes, time goes on and it just doesn't happen. Me and my buddy would quit for a few days, relapse and just smoke cigs and weed once again for a whole while.

In the summer of 2014, just before summer holidays, we grew really tired of the situation and really wanted to turn around our lives. We wanted to go out and meet new people socially, instead of smoking weed being loners all the time, and started lifting. All goes well for a couple of weeks, but when we see each others faces, all we think about is chilling with some cigs and weed.

Months go on, quitting both for a week, relapsing once again, quitting for a week, relapsing... Time goes on and before we know it we became older but still wasting all the damn time in the whole world because we would keep quitting and relapsing with weed and cigarette use, not changing anything about the situation. We would feel like we're missing out of life because we don't meet new people by smoking alone in parks, but when we quit and do go out, other people smoke cigs and we also have the feeling we're missing out.

In the summer of 2015, we managed to quit a month, before telling each other to just smoke weed and cigs once, just to try it after all that time we didn't smoke. But before we knew, we were hooked once again. We kept trying to quit, once again managing 1 month of no weed and cigs in January 2016. We went to see each other once again after a month and before I even could realise it, we were puffing away once again. 

When we would quit, we would start lifting, making progress and feeling so much better. But the habit and addiction seems to get hold of us once again no matter how much time passes. It also happened that one of us would relapse, and the other would follow.

10 days ago, on the 31st of March, read Allen Carr's book and we started our 100th quit, following two weeks of holidays so we could go through the worst when it wouldn't be school, and we made it to 9 days without smoking anything. Out of nowhere I saw my best friend 2 days ago and guess what? Before we knew it, we were puffing once again. We just said to each other it was just random cheatday. We are sick of those same conversations about quitting we've had for thousand times and just want to go on with it. But I fucked up big time once again. The day after I relapsed once again, which made my best friend also relapse. 

The fact we like to go to parties with our favourite music, where people smoke cigs and weed like it's nothing, also makes it difficult. We really want to quit cigarettes and weed but all our friends and community at parties just smoke. It's such a strange feeling: when I smoke I feel miserable, almost don't eat anything and I'm just walking around lost in my mind. When I quit, I feel better but I feel like I'm missing out on my "golden years" in my twenties by not smoking cigs/weed with other guys on parties. It's so complicated and my mind is going in overdrive.

I really got an "all or nothing" attitude: when I relapse with cigarettes with my best friend, we instantly also want to start smoking weed once again and I also like to drink a beer sometimes, but when I relapse I don't go lifting anymore and just don't look after myself. When I quit cigarettes and weed,  I don't even want to drink alcohol because I want to live as healthy as possible. It's so damn strange and I feel so lost.

Flash forward to today, I relapsed by smoking cigs but I really want to quit. I want to throw my pack away and once again stop smoking weed and cigs, and also stop drinking alcohol (although I've never been a problematic drinker). Problem is that I only see my friend on friday, so I would have to smoke weed once again because I love to quit with everything on the same day, and I really want to quit together with him, like I always do. But then I'm losing once again a week because I have to wait. This is were my problems with OCD kick in.

I guess this must be strange for "normal" people to read, but after all those years of quitting it seems like it became an obsession for us, and we just keep relapsing no matter what. Everytime I'm making it a couple of days without smoking, I feel like this time I'm really making it and I'll get ripped, become the person who I want to become, but then out of nowhere we relapse and all progress I made on all parts in my life vanishes. 

I want to quit because cigs, it's fucking me up and weed makes me look like shit, when I smoke on friday I get a really nasty weed hangover the next day, become extremely lazy and have a big amount of fog in my mind and still look like shit. The whole weekend I don't do anything, the monday I feel better and then the fridays I relapse, this seems to be the cycle of my life. I'm trying to break it but it's claws are randomly trying to catch me once again, could be on day 10, could be after a month. So tired of going all those times through withdrawal symptons the first days, all for nothing in the end.

Strange thing is, after a couple of days it's going okay and I don't really think much about cigs and weed, but when I see my friend, it terrorizes my mind and I can only think about chilling with him with a pack of cigs and weed. It seems just like a case of "the dog of Pavlov".

I really, really want to quit as soon as possible, but also on the other side together with my friend and not alone. But I only see him once a week. I feel bad about all the time I've wasted and have the feeling time is catching me.

Those who made it to the end, thanks for reading :)