Don't fool yourself. Just 1 hit takes you back to where you were before you decided to quit.

Decided to rant here about a big mistake I made because I don't feel I can share it to anyone without being judged.

I'm a college student. After quitting for about 30 times in 2 years, sometimes a week, sometimes a month, I decided in December that NYE would be the last time I would smoke cigarettes and Christmas the last time I smoked weed. And so I did. I went to a party, smoked my cigarettes before the clock went to 0 and 2016 started. Got drunk but didn't smoke after 12'o clock. So it started off well.

I quit with a buddy of mine, like I always do, and things went really well. For the first time in years, I took fitness seriously, finally gained weight and was making progress. Hell, I even had exams coming up the 5th of January until the end of this month and I didn't relapse because I wanted it so much. 

I didn't see my quitbuddy for 3 weeks. After those 3 weeks, I decided I was tired of sitting home and studying and wanted to go drink something with him. The very first moment I saw my friend, there was someone with weed with him because another friend needed some stash. We decided not to give in and went to a bar.

After a beer, we were having a rough time and said to each other "What if we only smoke today? This doesn't have to be a relapse, just one off day, let's make an exception."

So we left the bar, went to the night shop to buy a pack of cigs, and went to see our dealer. We spent the night outside smoking weed and cigarettes, until it was late and we decided to go home. We said to each other this was only a one off and we should continue to quit like we did before we relapsed.

The following day, I woke up and felt like shit. Didn't have the courage to wake up and when I finally got out of bed, I had this brain fog or "weed hangover" that I always have after a night of smoking. My family was visiting us but I didn't even want to go downstairs because I felt so hazy in my head. I just wanted to be left alone. My motivation went under 0 and I went out to buy a pack of cigarettes and now I'm once again where I was before quitting and it really fucking sucks. I sleep the whole day, I still have 3 exams to finish tomorrow but didn't do shit for it, before I relapsed I did study really well, even when I didn't feel good because of the withdrawals. 4 weeks of not smoking weed and 3 weeks of not smoking cigs thrown away.

I'm back to smoking half a pack a day and regret my decision. I've been thinking so much the last couple of days and decided by the end of this month, I'll quit again. And when I have quitted, I will read this text post over and over again so I will never ever fucking forget why I should not smoke again. It wasn't worth it. Hell, I'm even seriously considering to also stop drinking because it makes me crave cigs even more, it's not good for fitness gains and I've been thinking lately that for the coming year, it wouldn't be bad for me to be completely sober for at least a year, without weed, cigs or alcohol. I was never a problematic drinker, I know when to stop drinking but I think the thought of having fun without needing alcohol, cigs or weed is something I want to accomplish (although I'm a college student so it would be really hard to really pull this off because, yeah, you know, college mates who drink every week..). Weed and cigs were an addiction for me though, although I only smoked weed with my buddy about once a week.

Problem is that the last couple of years, my only activity outside my house was smoking weed the friday evenings, outside with my buddy, the two of us, and listening to some sweet songs. If I decide to quit with all the alcohol, what else is there left to do when I want to go out? 

My brain is really having a though time and I'm overthinking everything. I can't really make my mind up what I really want. It's really confusing. 

Hopefully this post encourages people to not smoke today. It's not worth it. Before you know it, you'll be back to day 0 and you'll have wasted all the time you didn't smoke once again. 