Smoking and Depression; thoughts?

This is gonna be a long post.

TL;DR: 21 days without a cigarette but not Nicotine free, severe depression?

So, I'm 26 and I've been smoking for about ten years, until 21 days ago. It's been a tough 21 days. And just to be clear, I'm using a crappy little gas station vape (Wawa, NJOY for clarification) still at this time. I've consistently been smoking about a pack and half a day since right about the time I joined the workforce at 18. 21 days by and far is the longest I've been without a cigarette since I started smoking. 

Without divulging too many personal details, I've been dealing with some personal relationship struggles the past two months. No abuse or fighting, but uniquely hard for me to deal with. I'm being optimistic and I want to feel that I know it's going get better and things are starting to point to that, but I've been an emotional wreck regardless.  This past 21 days, while I haven't let go of nicotine (yet), I've been struggling with really intense depression and anxiety. 

I think the giving up cigarettes is just combining with my personal issues and I feel like I've bitten off more than I was expecting to have to chew. I've had a few days where I've been totally ravaged with depression and harrowing anxiety, way worse than I've ever dealt with. I've quit smoking in the past for small, short amounts of time and felt seriously irrational rage and difficulty dealing with issues, but the depression is a totally unique development. The vape I'm using says on the cartridge package that it's 5%, but I'm not sure how much that actually is. 

What I want to know, has anyone else out there experienced heavy depression unlike anything they've ever experienced while quitting, and considering I haven't totally given up nicotine is this depression in my head since I'm not past nicotine addiction yet? I'm going to give up the vape soon, I'm just kinda reluctant to do is just yet with how emotionally unstable I've been. I feel like with all the crazy stuff that was in my Camel cigarettes, there's definitely some kind of legitimate grounds for the emotional gauntlet. It's been getting better the last few days, but I'm not 100% through it and I've still had some seriously tough days. Part of me wants to seek Wellbutrin as it's greatly helped me with depression in the past, and it's supposed to be a great quit smoking aid. 

Any anecdotes, suggestions, advice or thoughts are greatly appreciated. 

My breathing has improved greatly, my coffee tastes so much different, I can sing better, and my circulation in my arms and legs is much better than it's been basically since I started smoking. I'm glad I've started this journey, and it really helps me feel like I'll be able to stay the course in the future if things get tough and I start thinking about lighting up a cigarette. 

If you've read all of this, thank you.