A warning to people who have a history of asthma

This is my [earlier post](https://www.reddit.com/r/stopsmoking/comments/a9g6a0/day_4_cold_turkey/?utm_source=reddit-android)

I had asthma as a kid, but it just went away by the time I was 14-15 or so. I started smoking maybe a year after that and smoked for 10 years. By no means a chain smoker, but I smoked. 

It's now day 7. 

Day 4, I started feeling short of breath(which I think I mentioned in the other post) but didn't connect it to asthma on account of the fact that I've never once had to think about it in a decade. Chest started getting quite congested, I thought it was just my lungs clearing out. 

Day 5, I woke up at 5am unable to breathe. Coughed up the thickest most disgusting shit ever- as a smoker or an asthmatic; then inhaled steam and waited. It settled down in a while.  Thought my lungs were just incredibly congested and there wasn't anything more to it. Took a mucolytic expectorant the whole day and the congestion went; though my lungs still felt really sore and I was short of breath.

Day 6, 5am again. Full-blown asthma attack. Coughing, wheezing, gasping for air, the works. Unbelievably still didn't realise and tried coughing up seemingly nonexistent gunk for some ten minutes before realising I knew exactly what this it. Found my emergency inhaler(Salbutamol), took a few puffs and it got at least 50% better within a few minutes. Assumed it would go away because that's usually how this works, but it was still the same at 3pm: really short of breath, wheezing just enough for it to be slightly scary, tired af. Finally decided to go to a clinic and get a hydrocortisone shot. 

The doctor said this can happen because your immune system rebounds after you stop smoking. Smoking just masks the problem. I have a textbook asthma prescription now and am about to go get it. 

Tldr: if you have a history of asthma- even if it's incredibly mild, went away for many years, whatever: CONSULT A DOCTOR before and during your quit. 