I'm back on the wagon...

Or is it off? 

Either way, I've started smoking again. What was for a few years a guilty pleasure on business trips turned into a full on relapse recently. Buying whole packs, and smoking up to almost half a pack a day for a moment. That's the worse it's ever been for me since I was a self-described smoker over 5 years ago.

I was doing so well... But it's since caught up to me...

I need these last few cigarettes, though. Hear me out guys... 

I've just made the life-changing decision to leave my wife to find happiness. But I'm essentially tearing my family apart. 

I'll never be able to forgive her if we're still living together, and tonight I asked her to leave. Monday I told her I wanted a divorce. But I've been brewing over this for years, and in my mind I divorced her back in July when she put herself in danger again with alcohol.

I decided after I filed the missing persons report, had cried in public while doing so, at 2am on the streets of downtown SF. When I had kept my composure for four hours of searching, handing out my business cards, telling people to call me if they see her. But after the cop took my information and prepared to file the missing persons report, I asked "what am I supposed to do now? I can't go home without my wife... What will I tell my kids??" Sobbing. I was sobbing in my car because I didn't know what to do next.

When I got the call the police had dropped her off at 4am, I was only relieved for a moment. I pulled over to turn around, smoked a cigarette, and text her "I want a divorce." So I couldn't take it back. So she couldn't be blackout drunk this time and would hear it. Really hear it. And know I meant it.

This would have been our 15th anniversary this year...

We thought we'd beat the statistics, married at 19... But I can't anymore... I've never made a decision just for me. And I get to decide how I heal. And it can't happen when her in the house.

And I'll probably need a cigarette when I'm done crying. 

I'll be back... Better than ever, and ready to kick these for the last time...

Just not yet....okay? 

Not yet...