Almost is a good feeling right now

I've been quit for a little over 5 months. 
I started smoking when I was 15 and quit at 23
I was going to  smoking again today. 
Things haven't been great lately.
I've been having money, work, school and family stress, and I'm also trying to prevent a relapse 
episode of my bipolar disorder. . 
I was planning my trip to the convenience store, what brand I was going to buy, where I would have my first smoke. 
Then my husband asked me where I was going. We had a really rough patch when I was lying to him about the extent of my habit, and he hated my smoking so much. So I told him. And he reminded me why I wanted to quit. All the little perks I be found. How much I've loved running which I couldn't do as a  smoker. How his grandma is in hospice
 care with stage 4 lung cancer and he didn't want to imagine me getting sick. 
I am thankful for my supports, and just want to post today because I didn't think I'd ever be able to make it this far. I feel good. I have energy. I can do things jeans. And oh my god money. I don't have to lie about why I need to leave the party, or why someone can smell it on me  even though I sprayed myself with air freshener. Very few people knew I smoked. A lot more could probably guess but I didn't have the strength to have that judgement filled conversation 
I have started to accept how smoking was a big part of my life 6 months ago: how I thought it made me 
feel, appear to others, and how i thought it managed 
my stress. I'm realizing that I need to remember 
to define smoking as an action independent of my identity, which is a big part of why I considered smoking today.I am so glad I still have support , and it has made a huge difference. 
Anyways, long post. Just wanted to share my day with you. I hope it helps to know that it is never too late to come back from a set back , and it'll be okay

I'm also remembering how important it is to have support. When I quit, the only perosn I told was my hisband and my roommate. Because they noticed. I didn't network, or 

















