I reduced my smoking from a 20-pack a day to 4-5 a day by declaring smoking zones around my home...

I know that this subreddit is about quitting, and I know that "gradually decreasing the amount you smoke is never as good as totally quitting". Still, I see it as "5 is better than 20, where 0 is the ultimate target".

I've lost my aunt, who was a 2 time breast cancer survivor, to lymphoma. I think it had something to do with her extreme habit of smoking, since we have no history of cancer in our family.

See, I've been smoking since I was 16-17. I'm 31 years old now, and the cigarettes I've been smoking has always been quite heavy. The "light" varieties just didn't cut it and e-cigarettes were making me even further addicted to nicotine.

I've been sleeping awfully for the past couple of years because I generally only smoke 2 during the day, and chainsmoke 10-15 at night in front of the PC until I go to sleep. This had to stop.

So I declared myself a smoking zone; the window. I placed all my cigarettes away from my PC, towards the window on the other side of the room. It's not in arm's reach, and I am very disciplined about it. When I crave a smoke, I lean over and grab my bottle of water instead. I only light up a cigarette if I absolutely want to smoke one.

It's been working great for me so far, and it's only been a week. My sense of taste and smell are coming back, and ironically the taste I get from the cigarettes is... better (I know this is not the point, but I wanted to bring it up to illustrate).

My next step is going to be quitting, but I don't know when. I'm a firm believer in gradual stopping if one is psychologically prone to compulsive behaviors (I'm a diagnosed OCD/OCPD and most of my therapy encourages gradual change over instant). The instant-quitting has worked for many and I'm happy for them, but I've tried thrice and failed. For others, there may be other reasons (weight loss program, extreme conditions at that stage in life, etc.).

Happy quitting to all and greetings!