Adderall and quitting smoking

Hi everyone,

I am having a really difficult time not smoking while on my medication. Adderall seems to make smoking more enjoyable for me because it works as a cough suppressant as well as a throat stimulator, not unlike the effect creating by drinking. One of the things that made not smoking easier for me in the past was the fact that I plain just didn't even enjoy smoking because it made me feel anxious and sick and so that made it easier to not want to smoke at all. But on my medication I find my cravings much more intense and pervasive in my thoughts. I also find that when I do smoke, I enjoy each one so much and would even enjoy chain-smoking as much as I did when I used to drink.

I have gone off my medication in the past so I could quit smoking easier, but I am not able to do that now that I am in school again. My ADHD is very severe and so I find it almost impossible for me to go with out medication. Some things that I am finding are helping me are meditation, reading Allan Carr's the easy way to quit smoking, the patch and getting exercise. I have even quit successfully for a few months at a time. The real problem for me is that I have a few friends that smoke and the pressure of being around it always makes me cave eventually. Because I have quit for months at a time and still end back where I started has made my confidence all but shot. It feels like when I am around my friends that smoke my brain tells me that I am going to cave eventually so why bother putting myself through this?

I think maybe all I am looking for are people going through similar situations who can offer some comfort about these challenges. I know that my options around the peer pressure are that I can not hang out with them but they are my friends and I love them so much. I couldn't bear to separate them from my life. I am going to continue to try to quit because when I am smoking I know how awful it is and that it is killing me. But that seems to offer little comfort when I'm with my friends and the thoughts of "they can so why can't I?" or, "you will end up caving so why bother?" pop into my head.

Thanks for reading my therapetic rant.