A Thank You to r/stopsmoking.

Hey all, 

I'm just writing this to let people know that you can do this! I'm gonna share a little story here so if you're not in the mood to read, maybe hit your 'back' button.

I've put a lot of work into myself over these last three years. First off, I was a mess. Just over 4 years ago, I got out of a relationship, one so bad, I'm nearly sure I'll be a bachelor well into my thirties.
Following this I became quite depressed within a year. I quit pot and had moved home. Time to deal with shit.

Suicide isn't an option so I decided to get some help. I asked my doctor to refer me to someone (as I am against medication/glutton for pain!), so I began what was to become a year of CBT(Cognitive Behavioural Therapy). This was the break-through I needed in my life but it wasn't an easy or quick solution.  
Over the course of the year I began to slowly, very slowly, develop good habits - Get to bed at 12.30 every night, mindfulness meditation, getting fit, starting hobbies, getting out of my comfort zone by texting or talking to people but above all, trusting them.

I've learned a lot over those years and the one that made the biggest difference to me was learning to drive. It took me five tries but 6 months ago, I finally passed my driving test. That shit was a struggle but once that was done, after 3 years of tests, failures, and more failures - I FUCKIN' DID IT! 

I've since changed quite a bit in my life, thanks to the confidence gained from that test - I quit my go-nowhere job, started a worse one but learned a lot, have since left that and gotten back into education, taken up my hobbies again, meet with friends regularly, but in the middle of all this I STOPPED SMOKING.

After 15 years of smoking(I'm 29), I thought it would be hell quitting but my friends are real friends. They supported me when I quit. I didn't decide to quit, it just happened due to finances. After stopping, I spent many evenings in the pub with rolled-up receipts/business cards fending off cravings and trying to remain focussed on the conversation. One night I was trying to get laid so I took a cigarette, I smoked it near the whole way and I had another when we got back to the house. That was my one fuck-up but not one that will matter ever again as I have learned from a long time of failing tests, I can pass the next time. (Also I had the best sex of my life that night, largely part to having quit I feel).  

Back to my friends, as that includes you guys Reddit. I was struggling those first few weeks. I decided as a new member of reddit that I would see what the site had to offer and sure enough, I found /r/stopsmoking and read a lot of posts that inspired me. I grabbed my badge on October 9th 2012 and have checked in to see how things are going on a regular basis. I still have cravings, I'm not gonna lie to any new quitters or people looking to quit. I've had some hellish days(emotionally/physically) where I think: 'A smoke would be nice right now' or I open a window and think, 'I used to sit here to smoke all the time'. The pub is a tough one. I love heading out drinking(Irish!) and often I get a strong craving but always remember, even though Gandalf says 'You shall not pass', cravings are like 'Move bitch! Get out the way' then they're gone for another while!

I want to finish by saying that you can always get help. It costs nothing to ask and it's human nature to say yes. If a friend tries to sabotage your efforts, dump 'em, they're not a friend. If someone tries to tell you that you can't quit/won't quit, don't prove it to them, prove it to yourself that you can. This is about you and what you want do, what you need to do, and what you can do, no matter how long it takes!

This is my sincere and genuine thank you to the creators of this community, the mods who keep the sub in shape and the other quitters that just want to get more out of life! Keep it up guys, keep on keepin' on and keep stretching that hand out to your fellow man. :)

P.S. I don't post often but I felt I wanted to write something that might mean something to someone, somewhere. 
You can do this, I did it. I wasn't the kind of guy who did things and now I'm definitely a guy doing something. I wish you all the best in your efforts, I leave an open invitation to anyone that wishes to ask for help or wants to talk about stopping smoking. PM only.
 
Life can be hard and yet, you can make it easy, with friends.