I've made it to 7 days smoke free, and it feels like it's getting easier now

The first day was the hardest and you must keep yourself distracted and occupied, if you keep your brain and your hand busy then you will almost forget about the cigs completely

At the weekend I had a few drinks with my friends and was around people who were smoking - but I had my vape so this made it a lot easier for me - the smell of a cig and the smoke drifting past my face seemed so disgusting

One of the first things I noticed was my fingers  didn't smell anymore, and neither did my jackets and other clothes. I no longer smelt like a smoker and for the first time in a long time I can now smell that musky smoker scent on other people, and it is not a pleasant one

I'm one of those people that says "the side effects won't affect me" but they certainly did

At the end of day 2 I had this icky dry cough - not painful - which I remember someone telling me it's my lungs cleaning the smoking debris out now they have a chance to clean themselves, I'm still experiencing this now and it reminds me how dirty smoking actually is

The dreams were my fav part. So much detail... so much realism... it must be something to do with the lower nicotine levels in my system but I really enjoy sleeping (who doesn't?) so these wacky dreams are a bonus for me! Previously my dreams would be random and I would forget most details when I woke up, but with these ones you will get sucked right into the dream and wake up super confused because you didn't know you were dreaming to begin with, 10/10 would dream again

And then came the heartburn on day 3, oh man I've never experienced heartburn before but right after I had eaten a full meal it would creep up on me and feels like there's a rock concert going on inside my chest, it's lessening in intensity now and not as bad as it was but I can still feel it sometimes

Oh and everything tastes 5x stronger now... Putting some salt on your dinner? Try less than half the amount and you might still say it's too much - how much sugar do you have in your coffee? Try less now.

Don't let these side effects put you off, everybody is different and I may only be on day 7, but that is 7 days I will remember and I don't ever see myself smoking again

You can't spell challenge without change, YOU CAN DO IT :)

**-Individual ^results^may^vary**