1 Year. I did it! Here's my story (Long)

So I made it. 1 year! I thought I would share my story, maybe it will help someone. 

I had been a smoker for probably about 14-15 years, since high school. Many attempts to quit over the years, sometimes I would quit for like a week, sometimes for a couple of months. But I always backslid whenever there was the slightest bit of stress. I wasn't really taking these quit attempts serious, I knew that. I said I wanted to quit, but deep down I just enjoyed the habit too much to give it up completely. It was ingrained in me, the response to the smoke, the routine. It was also my refuge during a stressful day, a few minutes where I could get away and just forget about whatever was going on.  

And then we had our son. And I knew I owed it to him to quit, to try to be a healthier person. But even still, I just couldn't kick the habit. I would try, I would say after this pack, I'm not buying any more. And then I would bum one from a coworker, just to "get me through the day." And the next day, I would be terrified at the prospect of going through the day without one. I had a routine, and every time a break came where I would have a smoke, I would be tempted and eventually capitulate. I would skip the morning smoke, but when lunchtime came around it would be too unbearable and I would buy another pack.

And then, my father died. He had stage 4 Lung Cancer. He smoked like a chimney for years. Even when he had heart problems, he couldn't quit completely, although he had cut down considerably. He did finally quit, about a year before the diagnosis, but it was too late. When they told me he had six months to live, I couldn't stand. He only made it to month 4. In the end, his lungs were filling with fluid. They made him comfortable, and he passed. 

I chain smoked when we went down for the funeral. I did this at night, alone. I told myself that after this, I was done. I bought a pack, smoked about 4 or 5, and left it at the gas station where I bought it. But of course, when I got home, I went right back to my same old habits.

And then I got sick. No, it wasn't Cancer or anything. Just a cold that wouldn't go away. It turned into bronchitis, and I started wheezing. Hearing a gurgling sound when I breathed. A whistling from my chest. I got better, but I kept thinking what if I didn't? What if it was too late to quit, like my Dad? I can't keep going like this. I can't keep doing something that I KNOW is going to kill me. I've seen it, firsthand. 

So finally, on April 1, 2015, I quit. The first days, weeks, were hard. I had to fill the empty hole in my routine, had to do something to stop me from running across the street and buying another pack. I started walking at work during the breaks when I would normally be smoking, listening to podcasts, music, audiobooks. I've listened to like 20 audiobooks since I started. I feel fantastic, like sack of rocks has been lifted from my shoulders. There's no more stressing about how many I have left in a pack. No more glancing at the clock to see how long until my next smoke break. No more having to have breath mints on me all the time, hiding it from my wife, no more lying. Life is much better without smoking.

Sorry this is so long, but I wanted to tell you how I quit. It took me a long time to finally go through with it, to make it stick. I found Alan Carr's Easy Way, but not until a month or so after I had quit. I think it helped me to stay strong, to not backslide like I have so many other times. I keep recommending it to my co-worker from whom I would bum smokes, but he still hasn't looked at it. This subreddit has helped immensely too. Whenever I get the urge (less and less as time went on), I would come on here and read some other's experiences. Thank you! It helps to know how others have dealt with it, to know that I am not alone in my struggle. And neither are you.

I hope this helps. After one full year of not smoking, I can go outside with friends/coworkers and talk with them during a smoke break, and not be bothered by their smoking, and not have the slightest urge to bum one. I know they'd give me one, but the thing is, I don't want one. I sometimes feel it even now, it's a deep down in the bones kind of feeling, but I actually kind of like it. I know what it is, and I know how to deal with it. It's a reminder of what I've done, what I've accomplished. You can do it too. Stop wasting time, and quit now. 