I'm irritating and she has the attitude of a moody teenager. Advice?

My gf and I are smoke free for 2 days.
We've tried to quit a few times, but always hate each other and argue and then give in.
Yesterday started well, until I unknowingly became 'irritating, unthoughtful and unhelpful'.
This meant that any conversation or attempt of help was swiftly met by a horrible, viscous and unreasonable attitude.
I've been handling the quitting rather well this time, until the constant attitude got to much. After a couple of hours of being treated like scum of the earth, after trying to help and nailing chores around the house on my own initiative, I told her to cut the attitude and told her to stop being out of order. A massive argument ensued where we both threw stuff and clearly wanted to hurt eachother.

I left her with the kid as requested and did my own thing upstairs. I then went to work a 12 hour night shift and got home this morning.

I apologised and said I try to be helpful and gave examples and concluded that I need to try and not wind her up. (She said it as if I do it deliberately).
She got angry again and just could not admit that she had a nasty attitude.
I said I want to move on and do my bit and asked if she could apologise or at least admit her constant attitude was uncalled for. She could not.
She repeated that she just wan's to be left alone and not spoken to for however long it takes for her unnaturally super bad cravings to clear.

When I said we never argue normally and that we just need to move on cus we love eachother, she said "I don't want to move on. I don't want it to get better with you, or worse. I just want to sit and fester."

I know everyone's advice will be to leave her to it and enjoy my own time. But I will be guilt tripped for that as "I don't do anything" and also, I don't want to miss out on seeing my 16month y o daughter for the next few days just because mummy can't handle her sh*t.

Does it get any easier?
I feel like destroying something.
But I'm not going to give in again this time... I'm never going through this crap again.

Should I just not talk to her unless absolutely necessary as requested? I don't think I can handle that kind of intensity, especially in my own house, with my best friend.