1 year smoke free today. Here's how I did it.

It’s my 1 year anniversary of being a non-smoker so I thought I’d share my story in case anyone is interested. I’m 22 now and I haven’t really achieved much in my life and quitting smoking is probably the one thing I’m truly proud of, even though for me it actually turned out to be quite easy. I started when I was 15 and by the time I quit I was on 30 roll ups a day. 

Now I’m not ashamed to admit I loved smoking and for years I had 0 desire to ever quit. It was a big part of my life and my whole day would revolve around when my next cigarette would be. When you spend all your spare time playing games (I’m not a stereotype I promise mum) and going out drinking you don’t really need to be healthy. For me at the time the main motivation to stop was the £8 a day I was spending on my habit. As a student living on government money, I simply could not maintain a £56 weekly carcinogen budget. I could have been spending that money on better drugs (joking).


So that’s when I made the decision to guilt trip my parents into buying me my 2nd ever vape. I had actually first bought a vape from an actual vape shop on a whim back in 2013 but it was such an underwhelming experience that I didn’t even finish one tank of juice on it. The guys over in Shenzhen have really upped their game in the last 5 years and the technology has really come a long way since then. I did a bit of research and upon the recommendation of the Glaswegian Mr Miyagi of vape reviews, Vaping with Vic, I decided on the Innokin T20 (https://amzn.to/2Ky47Q2). I chose this one mainly because it was only £15 which is what I’d smoke in a day and a half, so I wouldn’t really be out of pocket if I didn’t like it.

I had read stories online of people just knowing they would never smoke again after their 1st vape and I never believed it would be so easy. I had tried quitting cold turkey before a couple of days beforehand out of curiosity and I lasted 6 hours, which is embarrassing considering I could go longer than that every night when I was asleep. I have absolutely 0 willpower, 0 self-control and a horribly addictive personality so I left my expectations at the door. I had already come to terms with the fact that smoking would probably kill me especially with how much I smoked. 

It only took me a couple of hours of vaping to realise that it was better than smoking in every single way and that I would never be a smoker again. I don’t know if it’s because I found a flavour that I really loved (Manabush Powwow sauce cant link bc reddit rules) or whether I just liked being able to get my fix at my desk or in front of the TV. This particular juice also went really well with coffee which would have been my kryptonite if it didn’t. If I ever craved a cigarette I just chain vaped until it stopped. I have tried smoking since out of curiosity and I have no idea how I ever enjoyed it. You realise that the taste is actually disgusting I appreciate it may not be the same for everyone, but for me it was suspiciously easy, and I’m annoyed at myself that I didn’t do it sooner. 

It wasn’t long before I noticed the health benefits as well. I no longer got out of breath just walking around which shouldn’t really have been happening to me aged 21. I had forgotten that Summer and Winter had their own distinct smells and I had also forgotten that my rural hometown smells of cow shit. I guess the only downside is that you get more of the bad smells. My teeth are still a bit yellow though, but until they come out with a way to vape caffeine then I’m probably still stuck with my 7+ coffees a day habit which probably doesn’t help with that. 

I have also saved around £2500 since making the switch. Smoking had honestly been a huge financial burden on me for years and it was so nice to be able to keep up and go out with my non-smoking friends who always had more money than me and I can whole heartedly say that my life is much better because of it. 

The point is that if a dysfunctional 21 year old who can’t finish a degree, can’t get a job or hold down any social relationships can make the switch to a safer alternative than smoking then what’s your excuse? Yes I know it can be embarrassing but vaping discreetly really isn’t difficult, just ask an American high schooler. So please if you haven’t already, at least give it a fair chance. I know some people might say you’re only swapping one addiction for another, however I can go all day without vaping and be fine when I couldn’t even go an hour without a cigarette before losing my head. I wish I could explain why this is the case but I can’t. Find a flavour that you really really like and stick at it. Learn to fully enjoy vaping and you will never smoke again. Good luck out there everyone.  
