Quit for 6 months in unemployment. Started again, 2 days into this quit. Checking in.

My app suggested I do it. So here I am. On mobile, so formatting. 

Last quit was the longest I've ever done so, out of necessity. Some want, but I'll be honest- necessity after a redundancy. I expected to get into work quicker then what I did, and 6 months into earning nothing and feeling generally terrible as result of unemployment, I asked my work coach what was making me fail interviews. He responded that everything about me seemed fine, but  I did smell of cigarettes. 

That was shocking to me. But, I did. I know so, because I scraped years worth of yellow gunk off my walls. Of course I smelled of it. My house did, my clothes did. Of course I did. 

I quit after that, cold turkey. And I was employed again, in March. Perfect, right? Except I went into a pretty terrible job which is easily the worst I've ever had. 

My boss is demanding. That's an understatement. Half the time I don't get a lunch break, let alone yearly holiday allowance. 

I commute for well over 3 hours every day for this job, I've been stiffed on my wages repeatedly, have three times the number of clients others in the same role have, and when I get stuff wrong due to being stressed over 90% of the time, I'm yelled at like I'm 6 years old. 

To cut an extremely long story short, the amount of work I am expected to do well exceeds my working hours. I've raised it and got told another member of staff will help, which didn't happen. 

It's horrible, and I'm ill because of it. I've developed medical issues through producing too much stomach acid through worry, and I started to smoke again. 

I understand smoking doesn't help with stress. But it feels like it does. That's enough for me. I understand that statement will likely get a lot of this sub's backs up, but full honesty, I rationalized starting smoking again as to help with the oncoming feeling of dread I get 24/7.

Then, 3 months after starting smoking again, they knew. 

I was pulled into a meeting last Friday and asked if I smoke. I said that I'd relapsed, yes. Then I was told I was spotted leaving work and lighting up, then told that they have a zero policy on smoking and that I needed to quit, or I would be unemployed again. Even smoking after hours is unacceptable to them. 

Ironic, considering I'm about 80% sure my boss is an alcoholic. She keeps small wine bottles in her bag and constantly stinks of it. I've seen her drinking on her lunch break, too. 

But this post isn't about her, it's about me. And here I am. As much as I hate this employment, my boss, my hours, and regardless of how much I'd love to tell them to fuck off, I need a job. So I'm quitting again, even if it ends up with my health getting worse. 

The plan is to use a vaporizer in the early days. I was as cranky as all hell through cold turkey for about a month, so this time I can't afford to do so since I get pulled up for the silliest reasons anyway.  And, I need to be careful. I'll wean myself off slowly, to nothing. 

Hopefully it'll work. I might check in every now and again, but thanks for listening. 