Changing the game, step by step.

Been a smoker for over 7 years. Used to smoke mildly for the first 2 and then frequently for the next four, and in the last year I've gone through one pack every 3 days. Worst of it was the last 3-4 months where I HAD to smoke every 1.5 hours (~3 packs/week). Finally I knew it was getting out of hand.

 What started as 'a little fun' turned into a hobby, then into a habit and finally an addiction. I have never tried to quit it with my best efforts in place due to a lot of reasons but I have tried and realized it was possible for me to quit at any time in the future. Guess what, the future is now and I want to quit. Joined the gym recently to up my stamina and not to freakin sweat or be out of breath when I climb 2 floors of stairs or walk for 10 minutes. I am fairly young at about 25 years and would classify myself as not an obese person but a bit on the over weight side.

Work has been a bit slow and crawling, boredom floods my mind everyday. What better to do than take a smoke break every hour or so given the conditions. Noticed a few changes in me which I heard were common for a smoker, Irregular heartbeat, not using lungs to my fullest  potential, I even look like i have aged 3 years in the last 1 year. Heck, I even noticed whenever I smoke too much for a week or 2 continuously, my hair becomes oily and starts thinning. Now, not having a burning cigarette in my hand for more than 2 hours makes me cranky and feels like I'm hanging on by a thin string to losing my mental stability.

Started today on my attempt abstain myself from ever holding the burning stick of hell. It has been  around 7 hours since I smelled tobacco, its the longest in 3 months on a daytime. Eye twitches whenever I think about the death wand and feels like I have lost something important today, something is dying in my brain and is producing a lot or pain to prevent itself from it. My head turns towards the door every 20 mins, I just want to get out on the balcony and smoke one to have peace in my mind Head feels like an anvil in the middle ages used to make swords for a battle, indeed it does seem like a battle to me.

Can I win it? Will I be happy and clean completely in the coming days?


Lets hope so, Determination and hope are the only things I have with me for this

If I'm gonna smoke something this week, its gonna be a steak at the BBQ this weekend, but not a cigarette.

Sure as hell, Upcoming  big job interview ain't helping what so ever.




