First time going 15 hours.. complete mental shift that happened last night into this morning

I don't want to be cocky and focus too much on how "easy" this is; but I KNOW I will not let myself fail. Letting the truths become my dominant thoughts instead of my delusional thoughts that I couldn't or shouldn't quit smoking happened gradually over the period of 10 hours or so. I pulled an unexpected all-nighter last night and knew it was the right time to quit. Thanks to the help of Mr Allen Car. I knew missing sleep one night was nothing compared to actually quitting. So I stopped thinking about school in the early morning and focused on the fact that I will do anything to train and condition  my mind to stop lying to itself. At least with the thoughts that were currently dominant (and leading to smoking) -- and fed most of the time by me.

Letting my desire to actually quit become stronger and stronger over the past few weeks (instead of blocking out all the truths of smoking) combined with "The Easyway To Stop Smoking" is literally such a powerful combination that it's ridiculous.

First time checking out this sub and posting. Seems like an awesome place filled with support. I'll be turning 23 tomorrow. Been smoking since I was 19, so about 4 years. 

I didn't plan to try and quit the day before my birthday by any means. I just felt last night like I was READY and tired of letting my delusions block out the truth. I wanted to bring the subconscious truths of all the nasty aspects of smoking to the forefront of my mind and into my dominant thoughts. Not to scare myself or to guilt myself. But because I needed to realize that cigarettes and their 'pleasure' are an illusion. 

The period from last night into this morning changed my whole thinking process out of nowhere and I am READY to do this.

I planned to just take a quick look at the beginning of Allen Carr's method in the Easy Way to Stop Smoking. Got it in the mail about 3 days ago and was waiting for the right time to dig in. To me, the right time to read it was when I knew I would ready to STOP after I read the whole thing. 

I've been subconsciously leaning more and more of my thoughts towards stopping and all of a sudden I'm over 14 hours without a cigarette. Yes. 

And I'm getting occasional cravings but I seem them for what they really are on a deeper level. It's CRAZY how my whole mindset shifted in one day. 

All the facts and logical reasons to quit  smoking were suppressed in my subconscious but now I shifted their position into my dominant thinking and reasoning. Getting rid of the addict in my head that somehow is convinced my life benefits from a cigarette at ALL. 

As I was reading Chapter 1 it must have been like 11 PM (last night) or so. I quickly realized that if I was gonna read this and take it seriously; then I wanted to probably read then entire thing at once. I just knew that combined with my desire to stop smoking, this would be a way to propel me to quitting for REAL.

But I couldn't read the whole book last night.. It was too late and I was supposed to have school real early. Might as well start another day.

It actually didn't happen like this though. I knew I couldn't stop and I just knew I was ready to DO this and stop kidding myself.

I have the desire and open mind to not only quit for good; but base my thought processes on INFORMATION that will make me never want to pick up another one. After all, there are countless negative aspects to cigarettes and the perceived positives are bullshit, at least to me.

 It's clear that the one thing I thought they helped with (stress) was caused by smoking them to begin with. They don't actually help any stress I would normally have in life. Well, maybe they can by allowing me to take my mind off it and let it diminish. But I KNOW that anything can do this. Playing my guitar does a much more effective job at allowing me to not let unnecessary stressful thoughts build in my mind.

And even if nicotine and the other toxins in cigarettes were a proven magic compound that removed stress...
Is it worth slowly killing yourself in order to avoid learning how to depend on yourself to handle stress?

Stress can be turned around to help us build ourselves into better people anyways. 

So I smoked what I plan to make my last cigarette at 8:21 AM. Took a video of me smoking it and talking about my feelings and what I've learned. Glad I documented it.

Tomorrow will be my 23rd birthday and when I wake up it will be my first 24 hours (or over) I've had with no cigarettes since I picked up the habit. 

No better birthday present I could myself than letting my body heal from what I've been doing to it. 

I know I would usually think "oh shit my birthday.. I can't go through withdrawals then!"

But I used this train of thought every time I think of quitting. It's never a good time to quit. The time to do it is now and to stop waiting for a magically perfect time. 

So I'm glad I will be able to remember my birthday this year as the day after I decided to show my body how much love I truly have for it.

All my past attempts to "quit" were literally not attempts at all and I never even made it a day. But I would get some weird satisfaction out of telling a friend or anyone that I was quitting. This almost made me feel like I had done it already and gave me less of a reason to work towards that goal actually. 

This time I've decided to say nothing to anyone. Not I until I'm anywhere from a couple weeks to a month in. Even then, I have no plans to just bring it up randomly with the intention of receiving praise.
**I mean in person no one of course (besides what I say below about my parents**

I feel comfortable telling Reddit and this sub-forum because I am already so confident of my success and I know that I will get nothing but positive advice and support from people who have been there. I also have nothing to prove to you guys like I may think I do in person to certain people. That often threw me off.

I'm really close with my parents and debated not telling them but I knew they would find out easily a lot of ways, and that I don't think me telling them is like telling other people (like friends my age). Their potential doubt won't mess me up either because they truly believe in me and want the best. 

Forgot to mention also that my mom smokes. She's been on and off for a lot of her life, but me starting to openly smoke too definitely made both of us just block out the dangers of the addiction. A false sense of bonding when we were really killing ourselves slowly and painfully together.

She said she really wants to read the book now after seeing my change in character and actions. She's going to start Friday when she doesn't have to worry about stopping her reading to go to sleep for work.

On Friday, I'll officially be 4 days without nicotine of any form. This will definitely inspire her a ton.

I  actually DO want to think about smoking like I have a lot of today (never once about wanting to smoke for more than a fleeting couple moments) and continue to make my mental stance stronger and more permanent due to concrete foundational reasoning in my head. 

Nothing will stop me. NOTHING! 

This book changed my life and my beliefs in a mere 10 hours or so overnight. I'm so excited to see the impact of my clear thinking and this excellent book. Maybe some day I'll post the daily videos I'll be taking to keep a record of where I am. 

Love you guys &lt;3

...
The next edit I've added in below these dashes are a bunch of thoughts that I decided to add in as they've come to me. Glad I've been choosing to think about the problem I'm trying to tackle and really understand it so that I can be as effective as possible and use reasons I truly believe in-- so I can stand tall and be proud to not be turning my back to an apparent evil-- and to stop. tricking myself.

I tried to copy and paste the last part of this post and put it back up here but it won't let me.

So when you get here-- scroll past the next part and go to the section that's after the second set of dashed lines. Then come back and read this next part.

BUT-
One of the things I am starting to believe after it occurred to me during my analysis of addiction as I wrote the *last part* (which I refuse to edit but instead leave it how it came out as it came to my brain):
*also remember due to the order confusion, the last part is the the one right below this one. It's just meant to be read last but I can't move it.*

Step by Step Guide (I've just brainstormed) That I Will Follow to Minimize the Intensity and Duration of Turning into a True Non-Smoker

1. It's much more effective at FIRST to stop thinking about the difficulty of quitting and just remember it's POSSIBLE period. That means anyone can do it if they want. If you decide that no matter what you will do it, the idea that quitting smoking is such a *hard* task loses its ability to rip you away from the starting line. The myth that it's hard and seemingly miserable for everyone causes people to not even try. 
The right attitude is one of little concern for the difficulty.
We will take the necessary means to do whatever it is needed to save our life from the misfortune of being destructed by poisons and toxic chemicals.

2. It's good to let yourself and the universe know that you will do anything to quit; hard or easy, you want this badly enough to do what it takes.
Once you believe this truly and you make it represented clearly in your actions and attitude with enthusiasm and initiative; you can go deeper and figure out how to get out of this mess painlessly and effectively. Forever. 
Now your plan is fail proof. Because the next thing you will do is manifest quitting to be as easy and smooth as possible. 
So if it becomes hard at any point; you made it clear that the difficult is irrelevant. Besides why worry about how difficult it is before you even try? Two people may experience the same exact circumstances as both hard and easy. 
This is because of the power of perspective.

So for this second step we adjust the thoughts that are looping in the forefront of our mind.

We make ourselves know and believe that the process will be easy. And because of that-- we will fulfill what we put our faith and belief into. Our mind realizes subconsciously and consciously that the easy way means the perspective of the experience is one of happiness and epiphany.

I may feel weird not smoking where and when I usually do-- but it's so easy not to.. why didn't I do this before?
That's what you'll say to yourself.

3. The more you think about smooth quitting and believing you will, the more time you can spend on analyzing the extreme benefits you know are waiting for you.

The positives will be overwhelming. When you realize you're gaining so many beautiful things and not actually losing anythin but a fake sense of relief-- the process of quitting is so much easier.

Also realize that it's not like heroin or meth where quitting is so hard due to depression caused by the drugs extreme euphoria.

Smokes balance between low and high multiple times a day-- every time they smoke and then crave it's an example of forcing yourself to continuously cycle high and low points that center around nicotine.

Use this to believe quitting will be easy for example.

You've already suffered enough as a smoker all those years. You knew you weren't actually making yourself feel  any happier. This will make quitting easy and smooth because if you decide you're done suffering because of cigarettes, you can make it happen.  I'm suffered enough.'

It's not like all attractive psychoactive drugs that literally trigger huge amounts of the happy chemicals!


-----------------------------------------------------------------

EDIT:
**Warning: huge and sometimes seemingly irrelevant wall of text that shows me having several revelations on smoking, quitting, and the difference between smoking and other drug  addictions**


Man I thought Allen Carr was bullshitting when he said it could be actually enjoyable and easy if you make it that way. 

I'm believing more and more that it isn't nearly the impossible task that I once thought it was. 
This is a belief I was so stern on with no logic or rational thought involved.

So far it has been easy but I am ready for anything.

Weird part was some of my own reasoning I used to more firmly hold the belief that quitting is near impossible.

My mental reasoning went something like this--
 (I applied not only it to cigarettes but to many things.. some which it may be a healthy mindset for)--

It's hard because struggles are the only way to really learn the lesson and have things change.

Now I think the whole claim I came up with there is bullshit though. Not because it's never true, but because of how it's worded and how reading or speaking it automatically implants certain things into you thought process.

It's better to use that idea for after you do something that falls under those conditions, as analyzation afterwords.
"Man that was so hard... I don't know if I can ever forget some of that crazy shit. But the best things come out of difficult struggles often!"

But I now believe that any 'difficulty' level of intensity can lead to the success of quitting smoking and not missing it. 

My flawed reasoning often told me it would inevitably be hard as well because I was stupid enough to smoke to begin with. It's a form of karma like that; or some sort of balance. I was stupid enough to smoke and got addicted and kept pleasing myself with every smoke. Now I have to have a terrible time quitting because I've experienced more happiness than you should and every high has its low!!

I'm having this break-through thought right now though, that cigarettes are similar in some ways to a lot of substances  but also a lot different.

I feel like I paid for a lot of my dues while smoking. Experienced a lot of the lows without acknowledging that the cigs caused them even sometimes. 

So to explain what I mentioned above (that I believe is true on a scientific level) in a non-cheesy and unexplainable way:

If anyone gets high very often intentionally, they also inevitably  have to experience a similar hole that's about as deep as the high was high. I think most people realize this with many things beyond drugs. 

Nothing is always happy and good vibes and nothing is all depressing and terrible.

Do you pay for the consequences in the same way for every substance? I say of course not; their effects are different. Their effects on you dictate what you will feel you are losing when you hit you low afterwords.

But maybe not every drug is like that. Like heroin or cocaine are like that right? But are cigarettes?

I say no. 

I know I know. 
You're sick of hearing what "I say" me too. After I type this out I'll chill for a while Gaga.

But hear me about--- especially ex-smokers or people who have read the book. 

Cigarettes are so different because (besides the terrible but mostly non-psychoactive toxins and poisons) the nicotine leaves your system so quickly. Sometimes it leaves you confused as to when you 'need' another cigarette in terms of lack of nicotine.

But I feel like this means that as it leaves your body very quickly, you become gradually more low on the spectrum. And as you light back up you raise up.

I think many will agree though that neither the high or low in terms of *strictly* the feeling from the drug, are too intense. You get a head rush maybe the first couple times but it's just interesting and by no means enjoyable. Eventually this 20-second weird head rush is gone and all your enjoying is the taste and feeling of an act you actually are programmed to hate but forced yourself to love through addiction. The addiction led to habits of when, where, and how you smoked it. And that adds a level of depth to the complexity of smoking and also quitting.

So cigarettes are unlike a hardcore opiate or stimulant. Or most drugs -- because most drugs that are abused at least; are the ones that are usually done for the euphoric and noticeable mood shifting effects. 
Opiates and cocaine or meth or you name it, whatever--
--Act much more directly on the pleasure centers and things like dopamine and serotonin.

Cigarettes slowly trick you into their 'positive effects' that are clearly not any sort of 'high' (possibly why we are so quick to refuse to believe it can kill us easily?!).
Nicotine may be very potent but obviously not in its psychoactive effects.

So addiction is weird.. it's not necessarily mainly just the highs from drugs that keep us coming back. For some drugs it plays a big role. 

I do feel as if cigarette smoking is more of a misfortune of a habit for people to slip into.

Because they are not developing a chemical and physical dependency because of how awesome the drug is. Hard drugs (cigarettes may not have a 'hard' high but I'd say they are an extremely hard drug) lure people with their bursts of euphoria and clear mood shifts due to the science of how they work with your brain's receptors.

Some might be saying-- cigarettes lift my mood! That's both true and false in my opinion.

Did they inherently make you feel happy when you first smoked one? I doubt it. I remember I thought the head rush was interesting which as a curious human can raise my mood due to being excited. But that lasted 20 seconds and the mood wasn't actually an effect of the drug.

All these thoughts I'm blurting out (all my opinion and I hope I don't piss anyone off-- it's helping me solidify my belief in quitting forever) are why I feel bad for most cigarette smokers.

We all know that no one says they want and choose to be a drug addict when they choose try a drug. No matter the drug, this is the only time many addicts get a "choice" in terms of drugs. Often it's a slippery slope after that.

It's not that addicts aren't strong or that they can't choose to stop. They always can. It just is very rude when some people imply that just because some is addicted to a drug it's because they specifically chose "I want to be addicted!" Every situation is often equally complex in its own way. 

Not many people find joy in the thought of needing to have a substance to go about their day. This shows that clearly a lot of people believe they can be that outlier and prove that they can use any drug and responsibly stop before it becomes overboard.  I don't think this thought is necessarily as illogical as it comes of as when haven't you consider the scope of addiction around the world. 

It's clear that scare-tactics and education that drugs should never be tried once are not effective. 

Drug education could be altered when it comes to smoking at least.. Focusing on the diseases causes terrible things happening alone don't stop many people from trying them. People will try smoking  even if they can completely understand what their long-term effects are. It's a trap that should be discussed more.
Someone casually and socially smokes their first cigarette that a friend offers. They're thinking: "damn this is not enjoyable at all... thankfully it's clear that l'll never be addicted to something like this since I'm naturally so grossed out by its taste, smell, and feeling in my throat."

Most people are smart enough also to know that one of anything is really not enough to instantly hook you. I mean that in terms of causing physical withdrawals or the mental hardship of ceasing the use of a drug. One experience may be amazing as ever but it still doesn't become a common thing for anyone until they decide to go for it again too quickly. Often new users of drugs will choose to stay off the same drug for a while when they use it a time or two. 

This doesn't matter though if they know in their head regardless that they WILL one day use the drug again. Whether in be a month or a year later; another positive experience tends to start to reel the user in. The more times it's experienced are how a lot of people start down the slippery slope. Maybe you don't use something everyday but it's still being used several times a month and will often lead gradually to desire to always being on the drug. 

This is one of the many ways drug addiction can be so sneaky and hard to even tell when it's happening to you. Every drug is different but the main way cigarettes are different is because they seem to be social but not really enjoyable at all.. while still being manageable to take a couple puffs of to fit in.

After a few cigarettes that are given to you by others, you don't realize that you're now smoking the whole thing and not disliking it. You go quickly from general dislike to neutral--to eventually loving and unfortunately NEEDING everyday .. or thinking you do.

Truth is, it's always disgusting and we all truly dislike them. But there's a drug in it and if you play with fire (literally) enough you're gonna get burned.

Addiction is often thought of as something that happens after you smoke 2 or 3 cigs. Maybe other drugs are that enticing because of their enjoyable high the first time; but no one explains why cigarettes are so evil in their own way.

I have no one to blame but myself for having started smoking to begin with. But I truly did think that I was just smoking to fit in and talk to these cute girls at a new college. If I would have been told that it's normal to not like them particularly (cigs) but end up falling into addiction anyways-- I would have definitely taken a step back. It would be insane to have continued onwards knowing that what I was doing had caused many great people to fall slowly into a lifetime of Hell on earth.

 Once they've become hooked they push these thoughts away because it's possible to only think about how it feels good to relieve the need for something that 

-----------------------------------------------------------------

END OF ORIGINAL POST:
 
Substances can be so powerful (even with the most mild seeming effects) and over-ride First time checking out this sub and posting. Seems like an awesome place filled with support. I'll be turning 23 tomorrow. Been smoking since I was 19, so about 4 years. 

I didn't plan to try and quit the day before my birthday by any means. I just felt last night like I was READY and tired of letting my delusions block out the truth. I wanted to bring the subconscious truths of all the nasty aspects of smoking to the forefront of my mind and into my dominant thoughts. Not to scare myself or to guilt myself. But because I needed to realize that cigarettes and their 'pleasure' are an illusion. 

The period from last night into this morning changed my whole thinking process out of nowhere and I am READY to do this.

I planned to just take a quick look at the beginning of Allen Carr's method in the Easy Way to Stop Smoking. Got it in the mail about 3 days ago and was waiting for the right time to dig in. To me, the right time to read it was when I knew I would ready to STOP after I read the whole thing. 

I've been subconsciously leaning more and more of my thoughts towards stopping and all of a sudden I'm over 14 hours without a cigarette. Yes. 

And I'm getting occasional cravings but I seem them for what they really are on a deeper level. It's CRAZY how my whole mindset shifted in one day. 

All the facts and logical reasons to quit  smoking were suppressed in my subconscious but now I shifted their position into my dominant thinking and reasoning. Getting rid of the addict in my head that someone is convinced my life benefits from a cigarette at ALL. 

As I was reading Chapter 1 it must have been like 11 PM (last night) or so. I quickly realized that if I was gonna read this and take it seriously; then I wanted to probably read then entire thing at once. I just knew that combined with my desire to stop smoking, this would be a way to propel me to quitting for REAL.

But I couldn't read the whole book last night.. It was too late and I was supposed to have school real early. Might as well start another day.

It actually didn't happen like this though. I knew I couldn't stop and I just knew I was ready to DO this and stop kidding myself.

I have the desire and open mind to not only quit for good; but base my thought processes on INFORMATION that will make me never want to pick up another one. After all, there are countless negative aspects to cigarettes and the perceived positives are bullshit, at least to me.

 It's clear that the one thing I thought they helped with (stress) was caused by smoking them to begin with. They don't actually help any stress I would normally have in life. Well, maybe they can by allowing me to take my mind off it and let it diminish. But I KNOW that anything can do this. Playing my guitar does a much more effective job at allowing me to not let unnecessary stressful thoughts build in my mind.

And even if nicotine and the other toxins in cigarettes were a proven magic compound that removed stress...
Is it worth slowly killing yourself in order to avoid learning how to depend on yourself to handle stress.

Stress can be turned around to help us build ourselves into better people anyways. 

So I smoked what I plan to make my last cigarette at 8:21 AM. Took a video of me smoking it and talking about my feelings and what I've learned. Glad I documented it.

Tomorrow will be my birthday and when I wake up it will be my first 24 hours (or over) I've had with no cigarettes since I picked up the habit. 

Nothing will stop be. NOTHING! in our brain and thoughts to make them seem the most important. 

Often times someone who is abusing drugs doesn't realize the addiction until they are in the midst of it.

I'm all over the place with all of these thoughts 

Sorry to ramble; these are some thoughts I've never picked apart before to come up with revelations like these. I'm so grateful for saying fuck it and starting this journey finally.



I guess so many people force themselves to be convinced that it's so hard. It is what you make it. 

The reason I thought it was so hard is partially  due to lack of research and obvious brainwashing that I've never stepped back to analyze and see if I agree with. 

I mean how the heck would I know how hard it is if I never tried to quit?!
What's worse though is that by blindly accepting how 'hard' it is to quit, I would never be able to actually quit for good. I'm setting myself up for failure with a mindset like that. 

I'm trying not to think 'easy' or 'hard' actually though. 

What it boils down to, that I KNOW is true (can't prove it's one difficulty or another) is that..
It IS 
'POSSIBLE'

That's my only concern. It's possible, great. 
But also, I have analyzed  the facts and myths about what cigarettes do and do not do for us. 

This alone is more than enough reason to quit.

It's possible. I choose to focus on the fact that the meaning of that word to me, is that if I want something badly enough and I'm sure it is possible; I will do whatever I need to achieve the goal. 

I never tried to quit smoking before so I can't assume it's hard even if a ton of people say so. 