Stopped cold for just over a week, for the 5th time. This time *is* gonna work. I've more reasons this time.

Hello you amazing supportive people!

I've been a roll-up smoker for over ten years, I'm heartily sick of the cost, coughing (in the morning) and the craving. I also have grown sick of giving othere a rolly 'because it's cheap'... and if I don't, I'm cheap. And that's not a good label for someone who's given everything away time after time. I mean *everything* when I say that. Clothes, money, vehicles. I've started over a couple of times in my life and somehow, the smokes stayed with me.

I actually, as many will no doubt say in this sub, like the *action of smoking*. I don't, however, like the smell or the fact that I have to (have for a while) go outside, blah blah blah. I'm not going to be using an e-cig. Mostly because I have zero money for one, but also I think I'd just be kidding myself. I don't agree with those things although some swear by them. Just not for me.

I have noticed a few things over then last while; smokers tend to smoke more when around others who smoke. It's a monkey see monkey do scenario. I'm referring to being in pubs here specifically, by the way. 
A week or so I got back from Canada, where I managed to reduce my smoking from 5-10 rollies a day to either 1 or 2 over the course of a year, sometimes perhaps having another on the way home if I'd had a few beers. I noticed as soon as I got back to the UK, having a drink with friends, that I was (by comparison) nearly chain smoking. We'd sit *outside* becuause of the minority in the group being smokers, they had to be outside, so we *all* sat outside. This meant I was subjected to monkey see monkey do.

Then I went to an old friends place for dinner. They (both) smoke indoors, and honestly, I've never been so ashamed to come home with my freshly washed clothes ***stinking*** of cigarettes. I don't want to avoid going to thier house in future, but I fear I might have to. I don't know how to avoid this, because I want to sit down at the house, but doing so makes my clothes hum until I wash them! I've not got many clothes (given away, remember) and I can't justify doing that again!

Well that's enough of a rant. I'm doing things instead of smoking now... like making a cup of tea, cuddling the cat (more- he's wondering what's going on!) and digging the allotment (see my previous posts!)

This is the first time I've made myself accountable - so *make me* accountable to you by replying below. Who knows, you might all just save my life.

edit; flair fixed; it wasn't 40 days i got the month wrong