Will I ever be free?

Hello!  Long time lurker, first time poster.  I'm 32 years old and I've been smoking (mostly) on and (rarely) off since I was 12.  I've had three previous serious quit attempts.  The first was 6 months for a boyfriend when I was 19.  The second was 10 months for a pregnancy when I was 26.  The third was 3 months for my husband when I was 30.  And now.  It's been 5 months as of a couple days ago.  When I do smoke, I smoke between a pack and two packs a day.  I hate every minute of it and I openly admit that it will probably be the thing that kills me.  When I'm not smoking it's all I can think about and I feel like the exact opposite of myself.

This quit started because I found out in April that I was surprise pregnant with my third kid.  But I've been unsuccessfully (one day here, two days there, a week here) trying to quit for at least 5 years.  I really want it to stick this time but I know myself.  I can already feel my addict brain trying to sucker me back in again.  "Just a couple more months and then you can smoke again" it tells me.  Honestly, if I wasn't pregnant I probably would've ruined this quit a long, long time ago.  

I've read Allen Carr, multiple times. I've read everything on WhyQuit.com and About.com/quitsmoking.  I'm a member of two other quitsmoking support groups.  I've had many smoking related health scares.  I've seen close friends fight lung cancer and COPD.  I've quit cold turkey.  I've quit with the patch.  I've quit with lozenges.  I've quit with the e-cigarette.  I don't want to try Chantix or Wellbutrin as I don't do well with the way I feel on antidepressants.  My husband quit well over a year ago and lots of my friends have quit too so there's not a lot of smoking going on around me. 

I love the convenience of being a non smoker!  I love the money.  I love not stinking.  I love that I have more time with my kids.  I love that my head doesn't hurt every day and I don't have a smoker's cough any more.  I love just about everything about it.  

But still I think about smoking constantly.  I read sites and posts about quitting almost obsessively.  I look at my quit meter several times a day.  I talk about it a lot and I probably drive my friends crazy.  I still cry about it sometimes.  And any time things get even a little tough I think about how great it would be to go buy a pack.  

Am I ever going to be truly free of this?