Trying to get my girlfriend to stop smoking. Need advice from you guys.

I guess I'll just start by giving some context. I have been going out with my girlfriend for almost a year now. She's been smoking for 7 years, and it fucking kills me. When we first started dating it wasn't a big deal to me, I think because no one else in my life that I am close with is a smoker. Once we started getting more serious in our relationship, her smoking started to really bother me. I love her to death and care about her to no end, so even the *thought* of her smoking fucking kills me. I can't stand to think what it is doing to her body. I want to live a long, happy life with her, and when I think about what smoking will do to her it kills me inside.

We've gotten in a lot of arguments about it, which I will admit is mostly my fault. Once I started feeling some type of way about her smoking, I started to nag her about the health effects and how much money it would save her and this and that and everything I could think of to try to get her to quit. Doing this caused argument after argument, which just added more stress to both of us. It wasn't until a couple days ago that I realized I was *completely* in the wrong, and probably doing the *opposite* of helping her quit.

I did some research on how to help someone quit smoking, and realized that I need to do the opposite of what I have been doing all along. So today I had a conversation with her about it, but I took a completely different approach. I asked her if she has any desire at all to quit smoking, not for anyone else, but for herself. She said yes, although I'm not sure whether she is going to end up making an honest effort to quit or not anytime soon. So I told her that I was sorry for always nagging her about smoking, and I am not going to do that anymore. I told her that when she is ready to try to quit, I will be there for her, give her support, be there as someone to talk to without nagging her or criticizing her, and do anything else that she may need to help quit.

After this one short conversation, I could already tell how wrong I was approaching this problem before. She didn't say much, but she took things much better than any other conversations we have had about smoking. So I am going to do all I can to continue giving her *positive* support and encouragement without nagging or criticizing.

I guess the reason I am posting this here is because I want your guys' opinions. I have already been approaching things wrongly for a while, and I want to do all that I can to make sure I don't fuck up and make things worse even more. So I guess what I'll ask is, have any of you guys had someone support you through trying to quit smoking? What was the biggest thing that they did to help you? Is there anything else that I should make sure *not* to do in trying to help her quit? Any other opinions or comments on the matter?

Sorry for the wall of text, and I hope this is an okay subreddit to post this in. I didn't know where else to put it. I don't know if I'll get any responses, but I figured I'd try. At the very least, it felt good to put my thoughts into words.

The last thing I will say is that you guys are extremely strong for making an effort to quit. I know it's hard. You're not only helping yourselves, you're helping the people that love you and care about you. I can't even describe how much it kills me inside to think that cigarettes are slowly killing the person that I love most in life, and just know that the people that love you feel the same way and only want the best for you. So keep it up folks. Stay strong.