My story

I used to smoke for a year and a half. Unlike normal people who started with one or two, I started on a bet and the first time I smoked, I went through 25 cigarettes. That's right, I started with 25 cigarettes. And through the period of me continuing my habit, I fluctuated between 25 and 80 cigarettes a day. One to four packs daily. 

The first thing that hit me was the money it cost. I was blowing about 40% of the money I kept for my personal expenses on cigarettes. I could have done so many better things with that money. Donation, Charity or even a fancy holiday somewhere. 

The next thing was my health. I used to be a state level football player, and I could easily do 90 minutes of activity on the field a couple of months before I started smoking. Into my habit, there was a point in time where I had to run for 10 minutes in a game of laser tag. I literally fell down in 3 minutes and couldn't move as the pain was too much. My gums bled sometimes and I couldn't taste the food that I ate. My legs felt weak, and I used to snore loud enough to disturb everyone in the house.

Then my looks, I went from being a healthy looking guy to full-on stoner. I had black lips. They weren't in the range where I could call them dark. They were black. I had baggy eyes, wrinkled skin (at 22) and was more lethargic that a 90 year old disabled man. I didn't get off my ass to do anything at all. And I had excuses ready too. Exam pressure, placements in college, fights with my girlfriend, family problems, the load of academics, client pressure, blah blah blah. It had gotten to the point where if you asked me to do one small slightly taxing thing that I am not used to and I would light one up. 

I tried to quit one, twice, thrice...
It would always be some darned reason due to which I'd cave in. Some friend would be smoking one in the vicinity, another one of my "issues" would come up or something. I always caved in. The problem was that when the nicotine cravings dealt a blow, I had nothing to strike back with. My mind would convince itself that there’s nothing I have gained from not smoking. 

The last attempt I made at quitting smoking I didn't want to be passive, so I decided to do stuff that would divert my mind from smoking altogether. I picked up several hobbies, gave my 100% at work and started going to the gym. I worked out till I couldn’t stand. Daily. Not a single day’s break for a month.

The results of my actions made it so much easier to quit. I got back my skin texture and lost all my wrinkles. My eyes, which were perpetually red, turned white. The dark skin on my face turned lighter. And the best part about quitting was that I could literally feel my breaths get deeper and deeper as the days went by. 
In a month of gymming I could do 30 minutes of continuous running, 30 minutes of cycling, followed by weights. I started looking better and constantly reminded myself that if I continued smoking, this is what I'd miss out on. 
And with that, I have not smoked for 2 months now. Not a puff taken, not a puff craved for.