Help

Hi!
My name is Sandy Schenker, and I am a Director of Business Development at MealEnders, a San Francisco based company working in the weight management space. (https://www.mealenders.com)


MealEnders are a wellness product (signaling lozenges) that rely on behavioral psychology and sensory science to help users curb overeating. Meanders are a food, and contain no drugs, fillers or herbal stimulants. They rely primarily on their unique flavor profile (a strong cooling and tingling flavor/sensation) and multilayered sweet system. MealEnders are intended to work with the body’s natural hunger and fullness signaling process to bridge the periods – we call them Overeating Zones – when people typically overeat. Practical user upshot: users learn mindful and healthy eating habits in a novel, safe and commonsense manner for sustainable results.


Although the goal when creating the product was simply to help folks curb overeating, we’ve received several reports from our customers that MealEnders have helped them quit or curb smoking. One customer recently wrote:


“8 days ago I quit smoking, cold turkey, just didn't feel like smoking. My doctor has been on me for years to quit. Have not wanted to quit and the only thing different in my life is your product.”


She has recently updated her report and her smoking cessation has continued for over 2 months!


We would like to explore if others could benefit in a similar way from using MealEnders. We are hoping to find a few smokers trying to quit who would like to experiment with MealEnders. During this unofficial test we are happy to share our product free of charge.


We are happy to answer any questions that you might have and send you samples as soon as requested. If you are interested, just comment on this post and we'll open a line of communication through which we can send you the free samples!


Thanks, and I hope that we can finally provide you with a tool in your path to quit smoking.


Sincerely,
Sandy Schenker