Any advice on getting motivated to quit?

Kinda long post  but I really need some advice.

I've been lurking around here for a while and  I finally gathered the courage to ask for some advice from you guys. I hope you will have the patience to read this.

I (23f) have been a smoker for 6 years, quit for a year and a half and started again this summer because enough time has passed for me to forget that there is never only one cigarette. 

First time I quit, the hardest thing was to get the right mindset. I had to read Allen Carr's book 4 times to make it work. From there, everything else went real smooth. I don't get why it is so hard to find that motivation again. 

I tried quitting again 3 times since june and failed after a few hours, most I held up was 2 days. I chose to give up. I felt that I would be a nuisance at work if I were moody and that every little thing will make me cry and I didn't want the people at work to see me angry or crying. I read the book again, even listened to it, no success.

I tend to cling to that "last cigarette" thing and postpone the last cigarette this way. Doing the "Yeah I'll just have another one and really quit this time" thing until I get frustrated for not succeeding and give up.

I feel like I don't want to quit but I have to. I want to want to quit! Smoking really harms my health. I cough really badly all the time, have headaches, stomach issues. I am ashamed of my smoking self.

I know all the reasons I shoud quit, all the mental processes happening in our brains when we smoke and when we dont. Still, I cannot get myself to do it. Or if I do, I sabottage myself on the way, cannot seem to remember the reasons I quit or the things I should tell myself or do to make craving pass.

 I should also add the fact that I went through the process of quitting and starting again together with my boyfriend, so I guess we also influence each other a lot on this subject.

Sorry for the long post and thank you to everyone who got to this point and has some words of encouragement!