Feeling lightheaded and dizzy after quitting. Did anyone else get this? Any thoughts and advice would be greatly appreciated.

Hello I recently quit cigarettes, I'm currently at day 10.

I have been feeling periods of dizziness and being lightheaded almost daily since quitting. the symptoms I've being feeling are:

- Lightheaded. I've had this lightheaded feeling come in and out in waves since quitting. I haven't fainted but have felt like I might have once (today, on the 10th day since quitting).

- Periods where my vision was slightly off - not blurry or unable to read, but just not normal. Not sure how to describe it. Felt like I was looking through eyeglasses or something, a bit harder to focus I guess. I've always had great vision.

- A few instances of feeling really tired and fatigued. 



I've been to a doctor twice and both times they weren't sure. First time he said I might be dehydrated - usually drink a lot of water every day but more did seem to help a bit. 2nd time he said said it's possible it could be an inner ear condition called vestibular neuritis, but again he wasn't sure. They did my vitals, checked my breathing, blood sugar, EKG, and everything was fine. They weren't sure but said whatever it is, it should pass with time. But to come back if feeling chest pain, shortness of breathe, if I faint, etc.

I never experienced any of this until I quit smoking. 

When I quit, I initially bought a vape pen, used both for a few days and then switched entirely to vape. After feeling lightheaded I suspected it might be the vape so I stopped using that. I haven't vaped in 6 days and seemed to be doing better but felt (very suddenly) lightheaded again today. 

I seemed to be feeling better a couple days ago and yesterday I felt basically 100%. So weird to have it pop up again.

It's very concerning to me as I don't want to faint (obviously), especially while driving. I've been very cautious to drive if I was feeling lightheaded, and of course wouldn't if I was feeling like I might faint. I think part of it is the anxiety of it all, I've never experienced this or had to worry about anything like this before - it's pretty scary. I was a lot more anxious a few days after quitting, but have calmed down some since, still scary as I felt it again today.

I have read some posts on here about people feeling a bit lightheaded or dizzy, but have only seen a few of people with more 'severe' dizziness. 

Any thoughts on this? Not sure what to do here. I'm glad to have finally quit, but now I'm feeling unhealthier than ever. I know this post might be a bit ramble-y but I really appreciate you reading and any help and advice you might have. Thanks!

TL;DR: Have been feeling dizzy since quitting. 10 days no cigs, 6 days no vape/nicotine. Doctor isn't sure but doesn't think any serious. Never felt like this prior to quitting. What do I do?