Secretly Smoking, help me.

So for about the past year or so I have been secretly smoking. I stumbled on this subreddit today and thought I might finally end it once and for all. 

Everyone thinks I quit over a year ago, and some even before that. Since then I cut back a lot but when ever I got the chance to smoke I would. During uni I would wait until 11 or 12 at night to go out and have a few smokes and then head to bed. That went one for about two semesters. Now that I've graduated I have moved in with my friend. Living with him has been a challenge, but I work intermediately right now looking for a full time job. During the day I would smoke 4 or 5 a day, always making sure to shower before my room mate got home. Along with that my SO has been in the dark as well, always waiting until after i visit to smoke. I would always have a bit of a panic attach driving home from there if my phone went off wondering it they would ask me to stop back, or if I forgot something. This has been going on for a year now. I've always been good about quitting for a few days. I would probably some Monday-Thursday then stop Friday morning, then Monday night I would sneak out of my flat after my room mate went to bed to have a few smokes. No one has caught me yet, I've always showered before I visited anyone or anyone came home knowing I would smell like it. I would always make sure to hide my pack, having a panic attack when anyone ventured close to it. 

Its come down to it now, finding this subreddit. I want to quit, when I would intermediately smoke and quit for a week or two I would always fell much better. But it always came back to my logic of "See I can quit, so I can wait and quit a little later, maybe after this pack... or the next... or next month..." Recently it seems that since I can't find work despite having a degree in Chemistry and a minor in Biology, the only output I have is my few moments of solitude smoking.

Is there anyone in the same situation as me? I'm tired of hiding and want to end it. The last time i quit for 18 days I was proud, and wanted someone to know. But the Idea of telling them I was secretly smoking for a year before is too much for me to let out.

I just want it to end, and forget that I ever started secretly smoking. I think this might be what I need people to talk to with about it and keep me going.

For anyone wondering, none of my family or friends use reddit so they don't know my user name.