Smoking & Weight Gain

For the past 35 days I have been here daily and I've yet to see a discussion on stopping smoking and weight gain. I am just now starting to feel myself pack on pounds. I didn't think I was eating differently and I don't know what nicotine does for metabolism, weight gain, etc. But alas, my pants are tighter.

I am obese. I have lived a life of privilege, gluttony, and laziness. I've known this for years, I just didn't give a shit. Right about 4 to 5 days into my recovery, it hit me, I do care. I am deeply ashamed and sad that I don't get lost years back. And that I behaved in such a manner is a huge disappointment to who I am becoming. I am prepared to no longer blame a fucked childhood and to take ownership of my issues. I am asking to be humbled. I am asking to be placed on a path where I am a kinder person to myself and to others. I am asking to be placed on a path where I embrace a healthier life. I am asking to be placed on a path where I embrace more of what life has to offer.

I have been pondering ways to get to where I want to go and who I want to be. I know the first step is admitting and I do so willingly. Second, when I quit smoking, I made a list of reasons why. I'm thinking I should make a list of reasons why I want to count calories and lose weight. I know I can join /r/NeedACoach and I know I can join /r/loseit. The latter of the two sounds overwhelming, but I know it's there. That's really as far as I've gotten.

Does any of this resonate with anyone else here? Do you have any further suggestions? I quit smoking cold turkey, I'm afraid to count calories and get off my fat ass cold turkey. How many times can one fail a diet before just giving up? Is it a gradual change? Today I drank 4 glasses of water, tomorrow I will try to drink 5? Addiction is addiction is addiction. And, at the moment, I seem to be on a path to eating more instead of smoking. I don't want to sub carrots either. I'm not into replacing one addiction with another. I'm sorry if my thought process sounds convoluted, I'm just now starting to really work this out in my head. 

Edit: I've had some great advice here. I sat down last night and made myself a game plan. I made a list of why I  want to lose weight, I will carry it around with my stop smoking list. Then I took a look at the advice given to me and I took a long look around the internet for more advice, and then I set a goal. I wrote how I was going to achieve that goal, gave it a time frame, etc. and so on. I started small, but noticeable. I'm going to slowly make changes, that sounds so much more comfortable for me, /u/sonsue, I want you to know water it is. I drink a ton of calories, have to stop. And like with smoking, I'm going to stay quiet about this in real life. I'll lurk in the reddit domains that help me, but I'm going to mind me for a bit before I engage socially. Thank you to everyone who has contributed. I appreciate it.

I'm good with lists and right now I feel an outline of where I am and where I'm going will be good. I welcome any thoughts, advice, and stories to help me get on with this next section of my life. 