Looking for advice from those who suffer or have suffered from anxiety/depression and have quit

I have had anxiety/panic attacks and depression since I was 18 (I'm 26). Had a lot of rough relationships, stressful jobs, and severe loneliness/hopelessness that lead to my mental instability. I have been with a great guy, an ex-smoker and an MMA fighter (what the hell is he doing with me and not some protein shake-loving fitness model I'll never know) for a few years and I am really ready to quit smoking. I would like advice from those who suffer or have suffered from anxiety. 

For the most part I'd like to think my anxiety is under control. I've overcome the worst of it without meds (except for my benzo prescription taken as needed- maybe once a week). But since focusing on finally quitting the past week or so, I'm experiencing a new level of anxiety and depression. My biggest problem is the anxiety I get when I think of quitting. I am not sure where it stems from- am I anxious to quit? Am I scared of nicotine withdrawals? Am I afraid to fail? I'm not sure. Most of my anxiety comes from thinking of the anxiety I will have upon quitting- it sounds ridiculous I know. I have anxiety every day, over real situations and sometimes for no reason at all. I truly feel this overwhelming fear of anxiety is what's keeping me from quitting. At times I think of quitting and I get happy and excited and motivated...other times I feel afraid and my heart races and I don't think I can do it. Especially because stress is the biggest trigger for my addiction- stuck in traffic? Smoke a cig. Stressed about work? Smoke a cig. Anxious to quit? Smoke a cig. I know smoking is probably the root cause of my anxiety- the anxiety began about a year after I started smoking. I read lots of articles (especially on Reddit) about how quitting can actually significantly reduce anxiety, stress and even depression- but it's getting there that's keeping me from really committing. I also get depressed when I think of how maybe I can never quit- as long as I smoke I'll have anxiety and as long as I have anxiety I'll smoke. 

So what I want to know is from people who have had anxiety - how bad did it get when you finally quit? Do you feel less anxious/stressful/depressed now that you have quit? Am I worrying over nothing? Any advice to help with anxiety pre- and post-quitting? Thanks so much for your help. 