I just quit smoking!!!

As of this morning, I am officially a non-smoker. This is my 7th attempts, and this time it's for real -- for real man I'm not kidding. I'm going to update this every single day to remind myself why smoking is bad. 

The money I could have saved:  

I smoked my first cigarette when I was 17 years old, and I just turned 32 yesterday. I just did the math, and damn!! I smoked for a total of 15 years. On average, I smoked a pack a day. Now let me calculate the total money I spent on cigarettes in the past 15 years. 365 (days) x $6 (per pack) x 15 (years) = $32,852. If I invested that $32,852 into an SP 500 index funds, right now I would have $32,852 * 81.174% = $60,447.68 in my bank account. Instead, I chose to smoke and all that money is now in the pocket of Mr. Marlboro Blend #27. 

How it's all started: 

When I was young, I thought smoking was a cool. All the commercials on TVs, newspapers, and magazines all point to smoking a cool and manly. Also, in 1999, the raving scene was in full swing. I love raving and dropping ecstacy, also known as "E". I was at one of the raves when one of the home girls offered me a cigarette. How could I resist an offer to be manly and cool from a beautiful girl. I took the offer and smoked my first cigarette when I was rolling my ass off -- high ass fuck. It tastes so bad at first, but after the 2nd and the 3rd that night, I was hooked. Until today, that 2nd cigarette is still one of the best I have ever smoked. Who would have thought that trying something once, and you're hooked for the next 15th years. They say, if you never tried drugs or cigarettes before, it's best not to try at all -- because you never know, you might have an addicted genes. 

Stay Tunes for: 

How smoking prevent me from doing what I like: 
Smoking makes me smell so bad: 
The decease that will cause from smoking:
My first attempt of quit and how I failed:
My Second attempt of quit and how to failed:
... Third... Fourth .... Fifth .... Sixth ... and my Seventh.





