My "light switch" Quitting experience. Just Me?

I'm joining reddit and posting this as it has been a challenge assigned from a stop smoking app I installed (Smoke Free). I work in a very busy Inn, as one of the Managers. My job can get incredibly stressful, from having random erseholes offloading their frustrations onto me (usually over nothing, and without any consideration for how a kitchen isn't a giant vending machine) to having to simultaneously juggle my time between 3 to 6 departments, while smiling like a goon the whole time. I smoked on average about 20 a day, Chain Smoking before I started my shift, during my 15 minute break, and right after locking the door behind me (I could easily put away 5 smokes in 10 minutes), then I would get home and have a few glasses of wine and smoke a few more. If I was out on a night out it was worse. Between 30 and 50 in the night, I was however, giving them away like I was passing out flyers! I was always nagged about stopping smoking by family, but that just made me want to smoke more than before (I'm pretty stubborn) and the thought of being able to stop seemed to get smaller and smaller. I started seeing a great girl, who is a non smoker (her mum is though). It actually helped to build a bond with her mum in a way, going out into the garden for a smoke and a chat. Never once did my girlfriend ask me to stop. Fast forward two months, and I just decided to quit. No reason really behind it, other than the obvious. It just felt like I caught myself at exactly the time I needed to, like waking up in a good mood and switching your horrible buzzsaw-esque alarm off that would have set you off into a horrible day had you slept 5 minutes more. I haven't had a cigarette in a solid month, I used to E-cig things for a week or so, but they were too heavy and just didn't feel right, so they went too. I still have them though, I also have two packets off cigs around (one in my car, one under my bed) and I have no intention of using either. I have them there as a reminder that I don't actually NEED them, and I never did. I have had personal issues to deal with at home, between siblings and parents and further afield, I've been left to manage the Inn by myself the past 3 weeks (we usually have 3 managers), and my poor old dog, my best friend, Is getting very old and probably isn't going to be around much longer. Through all this I haven't been tempted to smoke once. It's like someones flicked a switch. Even when drinking, which used to be a no go if I wanted to not smoke, there hasn't been an itch. So my question is, Is it just me? Or has anyone out there just stopped without any fuss under stressful conditions? Cheers for reading x