6 years and 7 months ago, I quit. I want to speak to those who will listen

I have been subbed here for a long time.  Probably since inception or near it at least.  I think i've posted here a couple times but of all subreddits this has been one of the 3 that i've been subscribed to the longest.  I like hearing you all try to kick a nasty habit.  It gives me a big grin when i see you guys celebrate your 1st days, 1st week, 1st month and 1st years.

I quit right at 6 years and 7 months ago (give or take a day due to bad mathing and not actually writing it down) and I want to tell you guys, it's possible to kick.  I was a cold turkey quitter myself.  It was probably the 8th or 9th dozen time I tried to quit but you know what, I finally did it.  I was tired of what it was doing to my health and my wallet.  What it was doing to my clothes and what it was doing to my teeth.  What it was doing to my fingers and my walls and curtains.

I was tired of smelling like an ashtray and I finally quit.  I want to encourage you all to finally quit.  If you're thinking about it and think you can't quit because you've tried so many times before, remember that someone out there failed dozens of times and finally stopped.  It can be done.  More importantly, YOU can do it.  If you quit for 3 days and break remember that it's 3 more days than you were doing and restart.  Go for more than 3 days next time.  If you reach 7 then relapse just remember you have now gone 7 days and try again.

The longer and longer you go the less and less you'll want one.  Full disclosure there are still times I'd like one but once you get past a certain point you'll be DAMNED if you're going to reset that counter because of one weak moment.  I wear my 2,446 days as my badge of honor.  I am proud of it and love watching it go up and up.

My suggestions.  Get gum and mints.  You're going to have oral cravings so shove something in there (Get your mind out of the gutter unless that works too).  Learn to meditate for 5 minutes controlling on taking deep breaths, holding them for 5 seconds, then exhaling.  Just as if you were smoking.  Only, minus the cigs.

Remember, there is someone out there to believe in you.  I've seen a LOT of people on here quitting and it means you can too.  A lot of them probably thought "I can't do this" until they did it.  Keep up the good work and remember that if you do fail, just get back on it.  Keep moving forward.