DAY 100: Holding on strong, inspired 2 more people to quit! Want to help many more, but that's proven to be a lot more shockingly challenging thing now.

I posted  in this sub after I completed a month with smoking. I have continued that momentum and I no longer have that urge to smoke even in indoor pubs where you do get second hand smoke. I had told about the decision to a friend when we met in the second month and then he also gave a serious thought about the arguments I made against smoking. So after a few weeks it turns out that he has a skin condition that used to get magnified with smoking, and then he told me that he was quitting as well. Now, if we hang out, we go for a drive or drink tea, but smoking cigarettes is not longer a part of our socializing norm. 

Then there was this another friend who used to smoke sporadically, but often wanted to give me company while smoking when we met. He was about to head abroad in the start of the third month and I suggested him that quitting now would be a lot easier for him as the new context would more easily distract him from smoking. He is now in a country where cigarettes are quite expensive compared to my country and he says that he isn't smoking any more. There is another friend I have tried to help, but he is just around close friends who smoke a lot and he hasn't been successful. 

Anyway, after leaving the habit for a month, I started to look at the situation of smoking in the country. Turns out that my country is one of the very few countries in the world, where youth smoking rates are increasing. For an outside observer, it may seem that the country has made progress with achievements in plain packaging, the smoking rates are still up, because of the insanely low prices and the easy availability of loose cigarettes in groceries across the country. There are laws against this, but because of several reasons the government doesn't do much to enforce. In fact, shops openly sell loose cigarettes even near school and sell them to young students in school-uniform. On the other hand, popular vloggers and musicians openly glorify cigarettes in their very popular YouTube videos, which probably is one of the major reasons why smoking is getting so popular. 

So I thought about making a serious documentary and a shock promotion campaign about how young guys are picking up the habit so easily with the hope of promoting them in schools. I then started approaching the organizations that are supposedly lobbying against the issue. Turns out that most of these organizations are actually not interested in cooperating on programs that are not backed by donors, to the point that they began cutting my calls. I then tried to reach out to see if people working in the sector internationally could help me. Surprisingly, that proved to be an even worse idea. I approached an international activist from Europe and wrote to him about my plans, but he didn't reply back. But guess what, instead, two days after I wrote that international lawyers and representatives from one of the biggest tobacco companies in the world (whose cigarette subsidiary is also active in my country) started viewing my profile and I am pretty sure that they are observing me on the social media, and will probably level up their intimidation in the future. They may even be looking at our posts in this sub, but here, I don't give a damn! 

So anyway, I am writing this long post, not just to tell about my successful journey towards quitting smoking, but also to tell you about the challenges I am facing and in a way, I also want to shamelessly ask people for some help. I have tried to do a few things to begin a campaign in my country so as to make cigarettes less attractive for young people, but so far, because of my not too strong economy and low contacts, I have failed to even start anything. In that regard, can people over here guide me towards how to make this campaign a success? Do you know any organization that have helped you quit smoking, or do you think that any media campaign definitely inspired you? I want to get in touch with more meaningful people in that regard, so as to work stop the big tobaccos from ruining the lives of many more people locally. I promise that I will keep people in the sub regularly updated about the happenings about this campaign. 