Newbie here! Quit but not feeling better yet, but not in a totally bad way...odd story.

Hi All! I'm new here and I'm super happy about quitting but also looking for a tiny bit of reassurance. Quitting has been a real mixed bag so far. 

I started smoking at 18 and decided to quit for my 30th birthday, which I just had this month! I have tried to quit many times before and have never gone more than 2 or 3 days, I realize now I didn't want it enough, but I think turning 30 gave me some new resolve. 

I started cutting down a lot like two months prior to my birthday, just facing the facts about what I was doing to my health and potentially shortening my lifespan (and time with my husband). I broke my daily rituals of having cigarettes but still smoked here and there for two months. Every time I smoked I thought about how I was affecting my future and how I would rather be a badass middle aged person who was fit and traveling the world than wheezing around. In an odd way I feel like I broke my mental addiction months ago. 

Well my actual quit date, my birthday, came and I did it! The first 3 days were a breeze but by around day 4-6 I started feeling way worse, not tempted to smoke at all, just suuuuper crappy. I ended up getting really sick, went to the doctor and it turns out I have a cold coupled with bronchitis (fever chills and all). Now I'm on three different prescriptions and basically wiped out. 

I realize in the grand scheme of things that getting sick like this isn't a big deal, but part of me is a bit miffed that I'm 11 days into my quit and still not seeing positive changes! I'm coughing like I've never coughed in my life, nose is running like a mess, skin all blotchy from coughing and sneezing, achey, tired, can't smell, can't taste a damn thing, etc. 

I want to be feeling that surge of energy you get when you quit! I will get that right??!? Everyone talks about these great side effects and I'm not seeing ANY of them! It's so frustrating! I want to feel stronger, healthier, clearer, etc. It just sucks that I finally managed to kick this disgusting and dangerous habit and I feel worse than ever. 

On the plus side I have no fear about ever starting again. I've never gotten sick like this before and its been like an awful ghost of christmas future of what it could be like if I start up again. Coughing like this is disgusting and at this point actually physically painful.

Anyway, thanks for listening! Still psyched that I quit :) just wish my body would play along. Please tell me I'll feel like a superhuman non-smoking machine when I'm well! 

