Back on the wagon. If you are a veteran looking to quit, the VA's smoking cessation program is amazing (and free!)

I messed up about 40 days in last time and never came back to talk about it.  After getting a new job at a bar I found myself smoking more than I ever had in the past.  At my worst, I was up to about a pack and a half a day.  It was out of control.  It took a toll on me.  I'd wake up feeling horrible after a night of chain smoking, my lung capacity went way down and was getting sick frequently.  I realize that mistakes happen, but one mistake I made was not utilizing the support that this sub offers.  I'm now on day 4 and I'm already starting to feel better.  My triggers are still painfully obvious, but my desire to smoke has been in check for the most part.  I've always tried to stop by using the cold turkey method in the past, but this time I decided to ask for some help.  

I went to the VA medical center in my hometown for a checkup with my primary care physician.  After answering the barrage of questions about how I take care of myself, the topic of smoking inevitably came up.  I was surprised that for once in my life, the doctor did not bust my balls about my terrible habit.  I've heard about the program that the VA offers before, but have never taken advantage of it.   When she mentioned it I said without hesitation that I was interested in quitting.  It seemed pretty spontaneous at the time, but I really am ready to give it up.  It was pretty painless.  She handed me some literature and said that if I wanted that she could prescribe me nicotine patches to help with my fits.  I've never used patches before, I'm glad that I decided to this time.  My cravings are minimal, my mood is great and my head is strong.  If  you are thinking about quitting or have some friends who are and you are a vet, take advantage of this program.  I did not have to  pay for my patches and they are making the task way easier than I  ever  imagined.  I know I can keep it up this time without making everyone around me miserable because I'm miserable.  