A great excerpt from the book "The Miracle of Mindfulness" by Osho. The secret to quitting *anything* is to de-automatize the process.

"Because of this smoking he had
lost all self-confidence: he knew
he could not do a small thing; he
could not stop smoking. He had
become worthless in his own eyes;
he thought himself just the most
worthless person in the world. He
had no respect for himself. He
came to me.


He said, "What can I do? How
can I stop smoking?" I said, "Nobody
can stop smoking. You have
to understand. Smoking is not only
a question of your decision now. It
has entered into your world of
habits; it has taken roots. Thirty
years is a long time. It has taken
roots in your body, in yow chemistry;
it has spread all over. It is not
just a question of your head deciding;
your head cannot do anything.
The head is impotent; it can start
things, but it cannot stop them so
easily. Once you have started and
once you have practiced so long,
you are a great Yogi!. 30
years' practicing smoking! It has
become autonomous; you will
have to de-automatize it." He
said, "What do you mean by 'deautomatization'?"
And that's what **meditation** is all
about, de-automatization.


I said, "You do one thing: forget
about stopping. There is no need
either. For thirty years you have 
smoked and lived; of course it was
a suffering but you have become
accustomed to that too. And what
does it matter if you die a few hours
earlier than you would have died
without smoking? What are you going
to do here? What have you
done? So what is the point -
whether you die Monday or Tuesday
or Sunday, this year, that year -
what does it matter?"
He said, "Yes, that is true, it
doesnt matter." Then I said, "Forget
about it; we are not going to
sop it at all. Ratherwe are going
to understand it. So next time, you
make it a medication."
He said, "Meditation out of smoking?"
I said, "Yes. If Zen people can
make a meditation out of drinking
tea and can make it a ceremony,
why not? Smoking can be as beautiful
a meditation."
He looked tirilled. He said, "What
are you saying?"
He became alive! He said, "Meditation?
just tell me - I can't, wait!"
I gave him the meditation. I said,
"Do one thing. When you are taking
the packet of cigarettes out of
your pocket, move slowly. Enjoy
it, there is no hurry. Be conscious,
alert, aware; take it out slowly with
full awareness. Then take the
cigarette out of the packet with full
awareness, slowly - not in the old
hurried way, the unconscious way,
mechanical way. Then start tapping
the cigarette on your packet -
but very alertly. Listen to the
sound, just as Zen people do when
the samovar stars singing and the
tea starts boiling ... and the aroma.
Then smell the cigarette and the
beauty of it. . .."
He said, "What ale you saying? The
beauty?"
"Yes, it is beautiful. Tobacco is as
divine as anything. Smell it it is
God's smell."


He looked a little surprised. He
said, "What! are you joking?"
No, I am not joking. Even when I
joke, I dont joke. I am very serious.
"Then put it in your mouth, with full
awar€ness, light it with full awareness.
Enjoy every act, every small
act, and divide it into as many acts
as possible, so you can become
more and more aware. '"Then have the first puff: God in
the form of smoke. Hindus say, 'Annam Brahm' - 'Food is God'.
Why not smoke? AII is God. Fill
your lungs deeply - this is a
pranayam. I am giving you the new
yoga for the new age! Then release
the smoke, relax, another puff -
and go very slowly.
"If you can do it, you will be surprised;
soon you will see the whole
stupidity of it. Not because others
have said that it is stupid, not because
others have said that it is bad.
You will see it. And the seeing will
not just be intellectual. It will be
from your total being; it will be a
vision of your totality. And then
one day, if it drops, it drops; if it
continues, it continues. You need
not worry about it."
After 3 months he cane and he
said, "But it dropped."
"Now," I said, "Try it on other
things too."
This is the secret, *the secret*:de-automatize."

I hope it helps. If you want to dive deep, this book is available [here](http://www.oshorajneesh.com/download/osho-books/Meditation/Meditation_The_First_And_Last_Freedom.pdf) for free.