It's been a year; what finally worked for me.

My badge says 1416 days, which is obviously not the truth. I came here over 3 years ago wanting to quit and got a lot of good advice. In the end it took another 2 years to really quit, and only at the 1 year mark of no smoking am I really ready to say that I've quit.

Here's some stuff that has worked for other people that didn't work for me:

1. Changing routine as a way to break habits. I think this was because it's so hard to change your routine in the first place. Smoke breaks were an integral part of getting through my soul-sucking retail job, which was my only option at the time. I'd moved houses, but basically lived at my job and kept the same habits throughout my time there.

2. Quitting by myself. People with spouses who also smoke have quit smoking by themselves, I'm sure. But my husband and I couldn't do it. We'd be ready to quit on different timelines: first I would, and he wouldn't, then he would, but I was frustrated and ready to give up. In the end, we only both quit because we quit together. Much easier.

3. Cold turkey and the language that goes with it. "I quit starting now," and "this is my last one" were phrases that seemed to actively work against me. As soon as I thought about those phrases, the withdrawal would begin and I'd immediately crave a cigarette as if I weren't currently sitting outside smoking. 

Number 3 is the big one because changing the way I approached the word "quitting", or rather the way I avoided it, is what I think allowed me to really stop. One day about a year ago when I was in a phase of really taking this seriously, I woke up and told myself I didn't really want a cigarette right then. I'd have one in a couple minutes. I kept telling myself that I'd have one later, and never ever allowed the thought to enter my head that I'd already had my last one. If I thought that, I knew I'd panic and lose the progress I'd made, which steadily grew. I'd made it several hours putting off that smoke break, then several days. Then weeks. The whole time telling myself I would eventually smoke another cigarette at some point. I could always go buy some if I really wanted one, but I didn't want one now. So I'd wait.

I mentally checked in with myself a couple months in and found that the thought of quitting, even having gone 60, 70 days without a cigarette, still gave me anxiety. So I put that thought away and told myself I hadn't quit.

I was thinking about this today and realized that I'm okay with having quit. Somewhere along the way, long after any physical urges to smoke had passed, I had become mentally prepared to like, confront my own quitting.

So here is me admitting this for the first time, a year after the fact: I've had my last cigarette.

Yay!