How can I best help my patients who smoke?

Hi all, I'm a primary care doctor who works in an underprivileged community in Western Australia. As such, I see a lot of smokers, including people who are at serious and immediate risk to their health because of their smoking (asthmatics, people with heart disease etc). 

I've been trying all the usual things, but as someone who has never been a smoker or had to go through the quitting process, I feel I'd benefit from some advice from you guys in helping people who smoke. 

Here's my current method, feel free to critique if you feel I should change the way I go about things:

1. Ask all patients whether they smoke or not if it's not documented, regardless of what they've come in for. 
2. If they do, discuss whether they've tried quitting or would like to. Briefly discuss the health issues associated with smoking (particularly erectile dysfunction for the young bloked as this effect is less well known). If they're still definitely not interested in quitting, drop it and leave them alone in the future. 
3. If they're willing to give quitting a go, discuss options - cold turkey, combination Nicotine Replacement Therapy (patches + gum), Varenicline (Champix). I tend to recommend Varenicline as first line because there's no cost to them for this method and the research suggests it has the highest quit rates, although I do warn them that some people get some weird side effects with it and to stop it if this becomes an issue. 
4. Encourage them to set up a savings account and put their usual cigarette money in this for strictly non-boring indulgences as a personal reward. Saving for a trip seems to be a popular one. 
5. If Varenicline fails, try Nicotine Replacement Therapy. If that fails, try Bupropion (Zyban). 
6. If they don't tolerate any of these or they don't work at all, have a chat about what factors are keeping them smoking and how we can address them - e.g. partner smokes, tend to smoke when drinking etc, and encourage them that it often takes several attempts before they can quit for good. 

I've had a lot of success stories using the above method, but I still have patients who can't quit even after giving it their best go. Is there anything I can do to improve? What can I do for people who just can't seem to quit no matter how hard they try? What things have you found your doctor does well/poorly, that made a difference to your quit attempts?  