Smoking and porn (nsfw)

[NSFW] Some people might not want to read about this. It has to do with jerking off, porn, and smoking. Apologies if this is inappropriate for the sub. Also, this is pretty long.

 I have been smoking occasionally, and by that I mean 2-3 cigarettes a week. This is a totally insignificant amount compared to regular smokers. However, the more I read up about smoking, it seems like even small amounts have a bad effect, much more so than what you'd expect for that amount of cigarettes (it doesn't scale linearly apparently). So, since then, I've been wanting to stop, but can't bring myself to do it.

There's another part to it though. For me, I smoke a cigarette to get a small hit, and jerk off to porn while doing it... In my mind, cigarettes are linked to sexual arousal now. It's not that I get a boner at the sight of a cigarette or anything, but I always, always end up buying a couple of cigarettes and then smoking and jerking off to porn. Infact, that's probably the biggest reason I smoke. 

First off, I feel shit after doing this, every time (but end up doing it again and again). Second, being in an aroused state and watching porn makes me focus on maximizing the high. This means that I inhale deeply with the intention of feeling light headed. The past 5 or so times, I've started doing this thing where I inhale, hold it in my lungs, inhale some more, and just hold it in as much as I can because it gives me a light headed feeling. Doing this makes me feel like crap afterward (get a slight headache most times), and I'm pretty sure it's much worse for my health. Every time I do this I tell myself I won't do it again. Not only that, but as long as I'm 'in the mood', I feel like continuing to smoke more and more, even lighting a second cigarette up right after finishing the first. The moment I'm done wanking, I feel like shit, and I have no more desire to smoke, and stub the cigarette (this happens 100% of the time).

Just recently I bought a pack of 10 cigarettes, because I felt like it or something. Within 5 days I've smoked 4 cigs. At this point I can tell it's becoming a problem, and it has me worried. This link between sexual pleasure and cigarettes is making it worse. I've just crushed that pack and thrown it away. Having to go out and buy cigarettes again will definitely make me smoke less... Even so, it's gotten to the point where I just want to stop altogether. It's amazing how I somehow just bought a pack of 10 cigarettes ! Looking at how that went, it's scary to see how easy I can form a habit with these. The number of cigarettes per week generally did go higher and higher. (Started out with 1,2 then rationalizing 3,4 on some weeks). Ofcourse I'm aware of all this, but it makes no difference. I do it anyway because in the moment I really want it.

For the past week, it seems like my throat has been affected. I've got more fhlegm in my throat and a bit of a dry cough.

I'm interested to know if anyone else has the same experience. (cigarettes as a way to get a hit for sexual pleasure). How do I stop with the cigarettes ? I'm not addicted to the nicotine - I don't have cravings for cigarettes during the day, but I always end up doing it, in  large part due to the sexual side of things. Any advice is welcome. Typing this out and sharing it makes me feel better.