First post and day one of cold turkey

Hey guys, usually I don't do this sort of thing cause I'm not a huge fan of publicly jerking it to my own achievements. I guess the reason I'm doing it is because to describe what I'm thinking might help a little or something. Idk.

Anyways, I've only been smoking for a little over a year. I started out pretty slow, maybe one cigarette a day, until eventually I got to doing it about a little more than half a pack a day. I know that's not nearly as much as some people do, but ignoring everyone else's habits, that's more than I ever wanted to smoke. I started to smoke after a pretty rough spot I experienced a little bit ago and have been smoking sense.

My reasons for quitting is a little complicated. I think first and foremost I'm quitting because I dont want to be addicted to anything and I consider allowing myself to be slave chemical desires unbecoming. Secondly, I deserve it. I deserve to quit and be able to live my best life. At the same time, I deserve to feel the "pain" and uncomfort of quitting because I allowed myself to get addicted and it's a just punishment. Third reason I'm quitting, the "why now and not at a more convenient time" for doing it. Well, last not I just got a new tank for my vape which I havent used for a little bit. Loaded it up with 35mg/ml vape juice and starting taking hits of it every once and a while. I gotta tell you, it felt great. I was actually getting high off of nicotine like I used to. But as you all know, nicotine highs last like 5 minutes tops and then it's just kinda meh. I quickly kinda of had a vision in my head of trying to increase the nicotine dose more and more and I was just like, I don't want to do that. So fuck it. I dont need any of it. No cigs, no vapes, no gum, no patch, no cigars. The "Just stop doing it dummy" approach.

As of right now it's only been 11 hours since my last cig, but my mind is already fucking with me. I think it's mostly mental and not physical, like cause my mind knows I'm cutting it off so it's just whining at me right now. Anyways, I'm gonna throw out the unopened pack of cigs I bought the other day and all my vape juices. Or at least give it to my roomie, he smokes. Anyways, just wanted to vent I guess.