Quitting Smoking and My Journey So Far

 First, a little history. I started smoking when I was 12 years old. A pack of Marlboro was $0.62 a pack at the gas station. It didn't take long before I was smoking over a pack a day.

 By the time I was 20, I was around two packs a day. At 24, I started driving trucks cross country. I started driving local and was up to three packs a day. After a few years, I tried quitting and went back down to two packs a day.

 Four years ago, I got injured at work. Neck injuries suck. I was out of work for 7 months, went back to work and re-injured my neck 3 months later and haven't worked since.

 My activities came to a standstill, except for smoking. Most of the time I stayed around 2 packs a day and occasionally smoked 3. All was good until Last May.

 May 5th, my chest was hurting. I tried to go to bed but the pain became too much. Along with the chest pain, I had weird feelings going down my left arm.

 I got up and drove to the emergency room to get it checked. After three hours of test and x-rays, I was told that my lungs looked alright and I didn't have a heart attack. The ER doctor gave me a prescription for antacids and told me to see my regular doctor and get a stress test.

 I had no insurance at the time and couldn't afford the prescription or a visit to my regular doctor. On my way home I fired up a cigarette and my chest started hurting again. I figured it would go away in a couple days and I'll be back to smoking. Then I thought, maybe this would be a good time to quit.

 I dumped the rest of that pack and went home. I had two unopened packs sitting on my desk and decided to keep them in case I changed my mind. 

 When I got up later that day (I got home around 4am), I ignored the cigarettes until around 8pm. I opened the box and smoked one and my chest started hurting. I smoked another a couple hours later.

 The next day I smoked 2 or 3 during the entire day. I was feeling terrible. The next morning, which was May 7th, I filled my water bottles up and figured I would grab them instead of the cigarettes.

 It completely worked. A few days later I gave my neighbor the two packs and haven't smoked since. 

 Now my problem was the chest pain that wouldn't go away. I'm 45 and around the age my father was when he was diagnosed with lung cancer. He died at 48 when I was 20. His cancer was caused by Agent Orange.

 After a few months, my mind was going into over-gear about this and I was feeling so alone. I had nobody for support. At around four months, breathing started getting difficult. Every night when I went to bed I started feeling like this could be it. I wasn't going to wake up.

 I put up with it for a month, it was getting worse and worse. I went to make an appointment with my doctor. I told the receptionist that I wanted to make an appointment because of chest pains that have been lasting 5 months.

 She looked at me and asked if I was having chest pains now. I told her I was and that it's been nonstop for 5 months since I quit smoking.

 A few minutes later I was in a room having an EKG done. The doctor came in a few minutes later and said my heart seems fine. He scheduled me for a stress test the following day to be on the safe side. He also told me to get a liquid antacid.

 I went downstairs to get the pricing for the stress test since I had no insurance and would have to pay for it up front. 

 I stopped at the pharmacist on the way home and bought the antacid and started drinking it when I got outside. A few minutes later, my chest felt great. It felt so good, I drained the entire bottle by the end of the day. 

 I should of want online to get the warnings about ODing on liquid antacid. I pretty much spent the night sitting on the toilet.

 The next morning I had a stress echocardiogram. That afternoon the doctor's office called and said that my heart looks great and no sign of heart disease.

 Ok, one hurdle down. During the following month, it got harder to breath. I couldn't take deep breaths. It felt like I needed to yawn all the time but couldn't. I went to make an appointment to see my doctor about it and they had an opening about an hour later.

 They checked my oxygen level. It was fine. Then I did some breathing test through a tube. The doctor said I may have some mild COPD. I was sent down for chest x-rays and was told that they would call me when they looked at them.

When I got home I looked up COPD. It terrified me. 

 They didn't call that day and now I'm thinking the worse. The next day I went to the office and told the receptionist that I didn't get a call. She had me wait until a nurse came out to talk to me.

 While I was waiting, I was thinking that they didn't want to give me the bad news and that's what was taking so long. The nurse brought me to a room and told me my x-rays looked great. My lungs have no scars. When I asked about the COPD, she said it was because my lungs are dirty. When they clean themselves out, they'll be fine.

 She also said that I looked really jumpy and asked a few questions about what it felt like when I breathed. She assured me that my heart and lungs are looking great and that my difficulty with breathing was due to panic attacks. She said she'll talk to the doctor when she gets a chance and sent me on my way.

 A couple hours later she called and said she talked to the doctor and he offered to prescribe me some medications to lower my anxiety. She explained what they were and what they would do. I agreed to try them.

 December 3rd I saw my doctor for a follow up. He upped the strength of one of the prescriptions and said I should be feeling much better.

 I finally feel like my old self mentally. I can breath better than I ever could. I noticed that after 3 or 4 months, I stopped reaching for cigarettes. I'm now 7 months and 11 days smoke free and I'll remain that way. Knowing I made it over 7 months without any type of support shows me how strong I really am. Now that I found this place, if I ever feel that I need support, I'm sure I'll get it even as I try to lend it to others.