Stopped to smoke tabacco and weed yesterday. This time, it’s for good.

I live in Amsterdam and I used to smoke tabacco and weed since at least 15 years. My first sigarette was at 7 years old (I know...) and I always loved to roll up something and smoke it. 
My biggest problem, is the habit. For me, rolling a joint in the morning and one immediately after work was essential. I usually smoke 5-6 joints and smoke many sigarette if I go out with friends. 
I was able to have a very active life and work a lot even if I smoke pot, however I work in software which is one of the few places where you can actually couple work and weed without issues. It might even help.
I got married 1.5 yrs ago and since then I took on 11 kg. Lot of food Post weed, especially after 11 pm.

I started to be sick about this since a while (like 6 months more or less) and I started to look for things that could help me stopping. 2 days ago I decided to stop, taking up the chance due to some cold and cough/flu. 

I already tried once to quit tabacco (2 yrs ago) and vape weed. After 6 successful months, It didn’t work, as soon as I forgot once the vape, I fell back into buying a joint, which contains tabacco. After few weeks I was smoking again.

I decided to stop for 3 reasons:
- too much dependency. It really affect me to don’t have a joint pre-rolled in my bag pack. 
- too much hunger after smoking. I could eat an entire kitchen after few joints
- with my wife we are trying to have a kid, I know week has an impact of fertility and I want to avoid issues as much as possible.

I am thinking to start meditation in the morning, given that I will wake up at 6 am due to lack of weed, at least in the beginning. 

It’s now 2 days I am tabacco/weed free and I am already feeling the sudden mood changes, however I already feel much more active.

The main problem will appear when I hangout with friends who smoke weed. I fricking love weed.
So, good luck to me. I hope I can get it over with both of them for good this time. 
