Strange form of the habit - and hoping this sub will help me drop it entirely.

Hey quitters! 

I've been here browsing a few times, but haven't ever posted. And now I'm ready, after realizing that even with my strange habit, it's still a habit. 

I started smoking about 11 years ago. For the first 5 years, I was just a social smoker, or a closet smoker that would steal one or two of my SO's smokes while he was sleeping, or out of the house. It wasn't even a daily habit, much less a countable number of packs a week. 

After 2010, I have the usual excuses - relationship ended, got a stressful job, got in a bad relationship. It was probably halfway through 2011 that I started smoking daily. It started as three cigs on the 45 minute ride home every night. I never smoked in the AM, never took a smoke break. If I didn't work that day, I didn't smoke. If I went home to see family, I didn't smoke. 

Now, after 7 more years, I smoke *almost* daily. I don't like how I feel on the weekends when Saturday is the first day I don't smoke, so I usually put the pack away (or sometimes even in the trash, when I convince myself I'm not going to buy anymore) on Thursday night before bed (after smoking about 5-8 after work), and don't smoke again until Monday after work. So it's about a pack and a half a week. SOMETIMES (if I have something going on and can't sleep) it's more. 

I've had a few stints of 3, 4, or 6 months with no smoking at all. It seemed pretty easy for me during those times. I just put them down, threw out whatever pack I had, and didn't pick another one up. Usually it was some stress trigger that got me started back - an audit, a big fight with the SO, the usual. 

I don't like having to get my teeth whitened as often as I do. I don't like the taste in my mouth. I don't like how, after about three days of not smoking, it feels like I'm breathing smoke out still. When I travel for work, I can go a week or longer without smoking and it doesn't bother me - I'm not sneaking away for one, I'm not in a crabby mood, I'm not stuffing my face. And I HATE the smell. I have a certain coat in the winter, a certain light shirt in the summer, and a certain hat that I wear when I step outside to smoke. I walk inside, immediately take them off, put them in a basket together, wash my hands, eat a piece of chocolate, and brush my teeth or use mouthwash every time I smoke.

If it's so easy for me to step away for the week long business trips (sometimes longer. If I visit family, the weekend before, then go on the trip, then visit the boyfriend's family after the trip, it might be 10+ days of no smoking!), WHY is it so hard to just go "Yeah, no, not going to buy those."

SO today will be that day. It's my normal day to smoke my last for the week, and I'm in the middle of an audit at work, but the almost full pack is going in the trash as soon as I get home - not in the drawer for next week, and not after I have a couple more.

I also don't buy smokes from my normal grocery store or gas stations. I go to the same store just to buy smokes. I HAVE MADE THIS SO EASY FOR ME TO JUST NOT DO IT, AND I STILL DO IT. But because of that, I'm hoping just taking the next road on my commute will prevent me from stopping and getting them at the one gas station I use. 

Has anyone here had the habit in a similar way? What has helped you kick it for good?
