Close to 6 months. Maybe I can inspire someone?

Just checking in. But not because I'm thinking about smoking. Although i can't say cravings are totally gone but I have learned to identify them as stress. On a stranger note, someone I live with have chosen to start smoking outside rather than inside near the computers. So now im able to play on my computer without being fogged down. They might be doing it not of courtesy but just to slow down or make an attempt at quitting. Though I've not said one thing on the subject either way. 

One of the major reasons I quit smoking was that I found myself missing scents that i remembered of my youth. Nothing too overwhelming but subtle things, like walking into a friends house and smelling their laundry , cats etc. or grass. and dew. ( well i live in a desert now so some of that memory was from the east coast ) None -the - less I didn't realize just how much i was actually missing until I quit.

I find myself amazed every day of what i can smell, just from taking walks. I can brush my hand against some of the bushes and smell the scent of it lingering. Near the school i can often smell sweet grass from all the kids stomping around on it. I can smell laundry being cleaned, and food being cooked from a block away. sometimes I smell things I'm unable to identify but smell wonderful. I smelled a cigarette smoker and a marijuana smoker from a block away. More particular to cigarettes, I can often smell the difference in brands - even if they all smell like shit now. Oh, and of course I love cooking, and with spices. I even learn how to make curry and now use that in my eggs. Smelling may have become my new hook. I absolutely love clean air now. Just breathing feels smooth. Apparently this wasn't the case as a smoker, and I just never noticed it. I still have minute congestion and often a stuffy nose but that's fine. It's nothing compared to the brown shit that I used to blow out of my nose daily, after 25+ years of choking.  

I'll not lie to you. Tt wasn't a breeze getting to this point. But it's doable. One thing that has helped me indirectly is /r/stopsmoking. I have used the failures of others in order to not make the same mistakes along the path.( seems rude, written. but it works! ) But I've also found many useful tips here, like drinking water, seeds, vegetables etc.

Certain ways or programs seems to be controversial around here for some reason or another. And some reads like a bad 5th grader on drugs. But what people need to realize is that 90% of the smoking problem is mental. And it's something you'll have to deal with one way or another. How you go about that is totally up to you. I personally rushed through Allen Carr's book. And barely at that. But of what I read made me understand my own problems. 

You guys can all do it. and I hope this long boring read inspires you if you're "only thinking about quitting".

**Edit:** Some anonymous user gifted me gold and I can only assume it was the result of this post. Just wanted to say thank you kindly stranger! <3