Iboga changed my life and help me quit

Okay so a quick backstory on my nicotine addiction first. I started when I was 15 to get buzzed and then a month later was at like 2 packs a day until this last summer(I’m 19 now)My mom heard of this clinic in Brazil that “cures addictions”, (I was in Brazil visiting family) and I thought it was complete bullshit and some kind of kidney taking scam or something. I did my research and read of people having life changing “waking” dreams and talking to dead relatives. After treatment as well, they’d wouldn’t have any cravings for their drug of choice or anything. The Iboga wipes your neurotransmission slate clean, the doctors there described it as restarting a computer. Anyways, It’s been 2 months already and I’m still clean of and never looking back at nicotine. 
I had only done acid once before this and that was my only experience with psychedelics, and my dose of Iboga was absolutely unforgiving.
Here’s my trip report of my Iboga experience that led to me to stop smoking.


To sum it up, I tripped MAJOR mega balls
The first day I took a test dose of 1 capsule to see if I would have any allergic reactions or not, everything was fine no effects
Day 2 I took double that as an introductory dose, 2 capsules later I was on my ass in bed as nauseous and tripped out mentally like I was on a bad acid trip, and it lasted all day, it was horrible. I thought maybe they gave me the real dose on accident because it was THAT strong with just 2.
Day 3 I took 12 capsules of what I believe now not to be iboga, but Jesus tears and the genes of god.


I started getting a stupid amount of tracers when it started from everybody and everything so i closed my eyes and just imagined myself falling through the love seat my doctor had left me in. I thought it would be more intense that way but I made up my mind and went with it

My whole life flashed before my eyes and obviously I’m gonna freak out, so I just did some deep breathing and prepared myself for the next thing, trying to hold onto my brain

I saw a bunch of eyeballs in my vision when I closed my eyes. After that they lined up and started moving towards me, and they went through the middle of my head, next thing I knew I got this feeling of being transported
And this reassurance that my physically body is still good and normal.

I saw my house in Florida, I saw baby me, my brother and sister all on the front porch asking, “why does daddy have to leave” 
It was the  EXACT memory of my parents divorce, nothing out of place
The whole memory had this sad feeling to it, it was very nostalgic but cold 
I saw my dad being sad and I took it to heart, but when I saw mom, she was weeping and wouldn’t stop. So I guess you could say I flew to her, and I started comforting her and really saw the true problems arise and with deep clarity

After all that, my vision went dark and I was floating in this eternal blackness, and eventually I saw that I was in what I can only describe as the multiverse.
I remember I was just floating through the multiverse, lost and just kind of moving about like a new born puppy. It was only moments later that this being of pure light, love and life towered over me, I knew it was god, there’s nothing else that this being could’ve been. It was the origin that had no origin, the eternity that’s beyond eternal. It he and she don’t come close to describing this being. But I’ll use he for now. My vision was held captive, god was quite the sight to behold. He didn’t even notice me floating about until a little while later. I got to see god at work. He was walking through the multiverse, blinking universes into existence before my very eyes with grace and ease and then would continue onward to observe the next. It was like watching a Gardner take care of plants, watering them and giving them life. But when he saw a universe dying or wilting away, he’d simply rewind it back to its beginning. I got this sense of he creates and cares for and does not destroy. He later gently pulled me towards him as if I was tied to a string, there was no reaction of me being there, it was like he knew I was there already and was just finishing some stuff up before enlightening me.

I immediately felt cradled in his arms, like a newborn child. I was swept up and his light and warmth shined through me and I felt this immense feeling of father and son, of peace and tranquility. I finally had that father figure I’ve always dreamt about, because my dad had passed away when I was younger. he held me by his side and showed me around the multiverse, my universe, and everything else.
It was so profound, magnificent, and just pure beauty. The most beautiful thing I’ve ever seen. And he let me know he made all of this for me, for everyone. I almost wanted to cry how special I felt. How special everyone should feel. Afterwards, he showed me the true principles of life.

Each principle was its own universe and landscape of feeling and knowledge that he had made and he’d let me go into it to explore and truly understand it
1 in particular was “details are everything”
That whole feeling to that place was just that
Every time I would get done exploring around the concept god was trying to show me, I would float away and out of its dimension and watch it collapse into itself and disappear, i can best describe it as beating levels in a video game, you can’t beat the levels not in there but you complete them when you truly understand the concept. The only way I could leave gods presence was to truly understand all of these principles. then and ONLY then god himself would let me leave to explore. It wasn’t linear either, some principles I couldn’t figure out right away so he’d pull me out and gently push me into the next and I’d go back later to the ones I didn’t get at first. It really felt like I was a child being taught my first lessons but these lessons were ones filled with the knowledge of a thousand lifetimes. But they still felt as simple as “this is how to tie your shoe”, probably because I wouldn’t have understood them any other way.

It’s ironic that I forgot most of them especially since I only remember “details are everything”

After the principles were over god let me explore the universe and the multiverse on my own, I felt the unity and dependence of parenthood, and then I was granted the independence a child gets when they leave home.

It was as if god had taken me back through my whole life, starting from when I was a baby, and raised me as his own, teaching me what truly mattered, and giving me what I’ve always needed.

Out of love and with almost no hesitation I was pushed back from god and hurled into space, time, and the moment the universe was conceived. Spirals of light and things I still can’t even describe were flashing past me. I finally came to a gentle halt at the beginning. I had to learn about the biggest secret I’ve ever been told. Conception and the beginning.

I’m not going to try explain all of that but, what I can tell you is that I was taught all of it in a language that only I could understand. It felt like common knowledge to whoever or whatever taught me, but this for me was the greatest discovery and revelation I had ever witnessed. I sat and gazed at the beauty before me, the lesson was so complex but so understandable at the time that I lost focus because of my capacity for amazement had long been achieved. perfectly it fit into my mind and even my soul. I felt like I had found a very deep and old missing puzzle piece and I had completed a puzzle within me.

After that, I’m not so sure what happened. Everything faded to black and I could feel myself floating somewhere. When I think I opened my eyes in that place, it was another beautiful but more familiar place. It was nothing I’ve ever seen or could’ve ever thought of but I could describe it as being on top of a mountain in this beautiful landscape. I was sitting atop this “mountain” over looking this unlimited landscape of shimmering light and color. There were rolling hills and valleys with gentle neon breezes of wind and glistening hills of light. all of it changing color and the planet of it was breathing softly. Then it was almost as if a warm breeze came and picked me up and started carrying me through it on a straight path to anywhere. It was pure freedom and bliss. But I remembered what I had come here for, so I started asking questions. I went through probably 50 different things I would just pop off my head like why do I smoke, why do I have so much trouble with anger, etc.. and everything I dove into, every simple or complex question I couldn’t answer on my own, was answered in an instant with the clarity of infinite wisdom being spoken to me in my own voice.

Eventually one of the nurses shook me out of it so I could eat some diced apples and pee and wow walking was as if I’ve never known how to. When I got back I meditated some more to get myself back in there.

Eventually I did. I went back to my questions to sharpen their intent
And shortly after that I was shook back to reality and walked to my room to be by myself for the comedown.

I also wrote something about gods library but who knows for sure where that might go.

It was pretty fucking crazy, definitely a life changing experience, I’m glad it all worked out fine and dandy and none of my kidneys were taken. Regardless the whole ordeal was amazing, the feeling of falling / letting go of control and insecurity was amazing and I’ll never forget it. I’m still not very religious either but all I know is god loves me and I love god, he’s pretty cool if you get to know him. I went beyond what you could even conceive as beyond and then farther, and made it back without cigarettes. I wanted to smoke when I got up in the morning after but only out of habit. I didn’t NEED to anymore. It’s definitely a choice thing and people need to want to stop or else you just might slip back into it. The most important thing about quitting too it’s filling it with a new habit. Good luck out there.