Relapse after GF’s attempted suicide

*burner account*

I am sorry if this is off topic and hard to read but I need to let it out.

I am really struggling to deal with this.
She knows nothing about pharmaceutical drugs... I was hoping maybe this was somewhat accidentally but after checking her google search history - “can you OD on oxazepam” it’s pretty clear she intended on dying...
I got my script filled yesterday so she consumed 250mg of diazepam &amp; 375mg of oxazepam and between 4-6 standard drinks of vodka. She has never done anything like this.

She is was on Zoloft then switched to lexapro and has been regularly drinking while on it.
We had been arguing so I went to a friends hoping she would just cool off and it would all be good, it was just petty little relationship stuff but she does also have a lot of other stress going on.... 

the last few msgs I got from her were somewhat positive - “I love you but I hate saying it when I’m angry” and she said something about how she “ I would have would have been hit by a car if it wasn’t for (a local radio station)” then I missed a few calls from her then she sent me a photo which I didn’t see until 45 minutes later of her with a 20 or so Valium in her hand, then she said “I’m drunk. I don’t know why I did that  I’m trying to throw them up. But I’m really sleepy”. Got to my house about 40 minutes later, not even having realised these msgs as my phone was in my bag on silent, and her step-father was waiting out in the street - it was approx 1am by this time, I approached him, he said she’s passed out mate - blah blah I was drunk as hell, he threatened to knock me out - understandly I guess - I laughed at that threat and said go on mate do it. I then ran inside to find her drifting in and out of consciousness on the kitchen floor and her mother hysterical, I immediately placed her in the recovery position head tilted and got some ice and a cold rag to keep her from drifting off to sleep, it took 1hr and 15 minutes for the ambulance to arrive.. I’m still processing it but I think this has been the scariest thing that has ever happened to me in a relationship or for that matter my life... I’m 30 she is 26.

I am terrified and have no idea how to deal with this, especially after a sleepless night and 12 hours sitting in the hospital.

Since writing that I have had another sleepless night where I allowed her to have two drinks and then she just would not give in, I hid all the alcohol apart from kahlua and woke up at 5am to her drinking it straight from the bottle.
I may have lost my shit a bit and gone outside and smashed the bottle, she keep carrying on and a smashed a pedestal fan - resulting in a split floorboard in our rental house. I ended up having to barricade her in our bedroom with me with a large chest or drawers and I just held her while she broke down and continues to beg me for more alcohol, as the sun was coming up...

18 or so hours after that, she has argued over alcohol with me but I have made it quite clear I am not allowing that for her, her families and my safety, she seems to be doing ok now, I think the meds are finally beginning to leave her system but I am still terrified