A year without smoking

Since I was 18 I'd been smoking nearly a pack a day. At 29, I finally tried to quit by reading the Carr book. I didn't really agree with him, it seemed such an easy solution for something that had seemed impossible for so long. Everything was just too stressful (bad 4 year relationship breakup ongoing, moving stresses, job stresses, lack of friends locally, and general life shitiness) and I figured that smoking was helping me deal with those situations. I smoked for another six months, outside for the most part, freezing my butt off on the front porch of my new house, during a Canadian winter. Stinking up my car, annoying my coworkers and friends with the stink, wasting my money, and spending increasingly long stretches with lung related illnesses. 

Late March 2012, I decided that enough was enough. I wasn't nearly as stressed and wasn't dealing with half as much crap as I had been several months previous. Read the book once again, agreed with the sentiment, and decided that he was correct, quitting was all in your head, and that it could be as easy as you allowed it to be. Quit cold turkey. It was a rough couple days to start, triggers everywhere, friends encouraging me to join them at the bar for chain smoking and drinking, no support structure, restlessness, and a constant panicky feeling that I would need a smoke and wouldn't have one handy. I had to discuss the matter with my favorite convenience store, as they were used to me buying two packs every time I went there (daily). I only snapped on one guy, who cut me off in traffic. I got out of my car and pounded on his window to try and fight him, even though I'm a very non-confrontational person. Had to explain that I just quit smoking to avoid the fight once he was ready to go at it.  After a few days the cravings subsided, although the triggers still gave me a gut reaction to check for my pack of smokes, and it felt strange to not be breathing in thicker air like substances in the car and immediately out of bed in the morning.

After two weeks, my energy levels had noticeably increased. For the first time in over ten years, I actually had a desire to get out and go for a bike ride. Not for any reason, I had a car, and didn't need to go anywhere. I just felt restless, and realized that I would be able to ride my bike, or even jog without getting lightheaded and becoming breathless. I rode for a couple of hours every night all through the spring, 10-15 miles every day. I was a total junkie, couldn't help myself. I would bike then do pushups and jumping jacks, and all sorts of ridiculous things that I had given up as impossible years earlier.

So, in the last 12 months, some very stressful things have happened. I've lost jobs, moved, changed jobs, dated, broken up with girls, fought (won and lost), took up jogging, discovered new friends, lost friends, cut people out of my life, and made new friends again, had my car stolen, and discovered how to talk to total strangers without freaking out. Before quitting, I don't think that I would have cared to deal with things in the proper way, I would've probably just had a smoke to deal with any feelings of loss, betrayal, anger, hurt, etc. but I feel so much more human dealing with those emotions by actually changing myself. Quitting smoking is by far the most empowering thing that I have ever done. I'm never going back.

Best of luck to you, if it's day 0, day 1, day 100, or day 1000. You're stronger than smoking, even if it is a huge part of your life. You don't need them. They're not helping you. They never have helped you.