Scared that the worst is yet to come...

First off, thanks to everyone in this group! Reading this subreddit has been inspiring. I've been checking it out when I have cravings and it makes me feel good to see other people making the same commitment I am.

**TL;DR: Days 1-6 have been relatively easy. I'm worried Days 7-on will be where the real challenge is.**

So, I had my last cigarette last Tuesday night. I am very close to one week without them, after about 10 years of smoking. I'm 27. My peak smoking was about 1.5 packs a day during college; since then, I've cut back to a comfortable 5-10 cigarettes per day. 

In the last few months, I felt like I wanted to quit. Many of my smoker friends have quit, and having to go outside alone made me feel silly about my habit. I also realized how much money I've been throwing away. But I couldn't keep myself from buying those cigarettes. I felt mildly panicked when I thought about not having a pack in my purse.

I decided to give up smoking as Lent started. So far, it's been pretty smooth sailing. I expected the worst--especially from the first three days--but it really hasn't been so bad. My cravings have been manageable. I've been hungrier than usual, but I've given myself permission to eat whatever I crave in the evenings (when I used to smoke the most) if I eat sensibly for the morning and afternoon. I had a rough time with mood swings on Saturday night, but I went to sleep and woke up feeling fine. Now, a little under a week in, I'm pleasantly surprised that I'm doing so well (when the idea of quitting used to make me so anxious).

Great, right? Well, I've been reading some of the stories on here, and now my biggest fear is that the worst is yet to come: that I'll be struck with a wild craving in a week, or three weeks, or six months, and that I won't be able to deal with it. I'm so scared of failure that sometimes, I'd rather not even try. I think that's why I smoked for so long in the first place. If you don't try to quit, then you've never really failed at quitting, and your addiction is only theoretical! Or some other mental gymnastics that make smoking seem ok.

I'm not sure what I'm asking for. I'm just scared that this addiction will strike when I've let my guard down.