Looked in a mirror, scared myself into coming here

Uh, hi. I'm Stitch.

I considered an alt account for this but screw it. I want to quit and I'm damn ashamed of myself.

I've thrown quitting around for awhile but it never stuck, I'd always make excuses at first and then just stopped caring altogether. 

I can honestly say that in the last month I have cut down dramatically, from about a pack and a half a day to less than half a pack, but it's not enough.

For the actual story bit here, I smoke usually when I'm not occupying my hands with something else. In this instance, typing. So if I'm on the phone and I know it will be awhile, I'll go have a cigarette. If I'm browsing Reddit on mobile, a smoke break. Show on Netflix getting boring? Smoke. Break at work? Smoke. Just woke up? Smoke.

I can honestly say that I didnt really notice any cravings, just was doing it out of habit at first. 

A few days ago I ran out of money to buy smokes with. I bummed one the last couple of days when I got off work, and I first decided to dedicate myself to quitting when I bought a shitty black&mild to get my fix. Not only did it not help, it was freaking disgusting.

And speaking of disgusting, today after going about 48 hours without a cigarette, I dug through my can of butts looking for ones with any kind of length on them. When I couldnt find any, I lit up the last quarter inch on several while on the phone before I realized just what the hell i was doing, and that was when I decided that I sure as hell have a problem.

So, I came here. Hopefully the daily goals will help ease it up a bit as well as reading about your experiences here. The real struggle starts on Thursday when I have some money coming in. If I can just resist the urge to buy a pack then I should be able to power forward.

I think my record in the last year is like 6 days about a month ago, again due to money troubles. But of course as soon as I got paid I ran and got some smokes from the gas station. They tasted so bad but within a day I was back up to a half pack a day, often with three or four at a time.

So, rant over. Good luck, all!