Relapse, whiskey.

So I was avoiding posting earlier this week in fear of a relapse.

I had quit Monday for the 2nd time. First time I quit was 2 years ago in October. I had originally gone about 30 days before going to a party, having some drinks, then bumming cigarettes in my sloshy stupor. I kind of suspected if I were to quit again, it would definitely be alcohol that would get me smoking again. And it did.

I just finished my 3 day hump tonight, and was already starting to feel great, apart from my stomach rumbling constantly and starting to hack up some black stuff these passed few days have been pretty easy. Quitting wasn't hard at all. But, as per my Thursday night routine, I wanted to unwind and watch The Big Bang Theory, Community and Parks and Rec, as they're the highlight of my week. I decided to pour myself a drink, all the while wondering in the back of my mind if I could handle it without a cigarette. 

I got halfway through a show, before my brain basically ]blacked out and I found myself walking back from the corner store with a pack of Marlboro Lights. What scares me about this the most, is that the addiction was so strong I don't exactly remember even deciding I needed a cigarette or even walking down the block to the store. I feel so ashamed of myself right now.

It got me thinking though, will I ever be able to quit smoking and still continue having a drink even once a week? I don't think I'm addicted to alcohol, but I don't know if I can continue to do so without having a cigarette while I do.

Should I take a month at least to be by myself, I don't know if I can handle going out to parties or bars with my friends? (which I usually do on Fridays and Saturdays) Am I going to have to quit drinking entirely? What are some activities I can try to plan with my friends in the meantime? I don't want my recovery making me commit social-suicide.

As for the booze, this is the last drink I have left in the bottle and I'm gonna finish up my drink. And as for the cigarettes, I'm going to smoke another one or two, then throw the rest of the pack onto my neighbors roof and into the gutter where I can't reach it. Tomorrow, I start from scratch.

I'm going to need to quit drinking, aren't I?

Bonus: My fingers smell and I just got ash on my keyboard. :(
