My Mum - Smoking related dead

Hello All
Have been dithering about tell you all about this for a while. BUT if it helps just one of you NOT to pick up a cigarette. Then it is worth me typing. 
I stopped smoking last February. Felt it would break me many times. But how proud you feel for not letting nicotine control you is huge!
Then in June 2015, my mum was diagnosed with lung cancer. She stopped smoking immediately and spoke to me on numerous occasions about how she knew she had brought it on herself. It had spread to bones. But the prognosis was ok, not curable but manageable. She had chemo, and she seemed to get every side effect there was. Sickness, hair loss, very tired, high temperature. You name it she had it. There is nothing worse than you mum telling you she is fine as she is dry heaving. Or so I thought.
She made it through 4 rounds of chemo, we all thought that all was going well. The as she was coming out of a doctor's appointment. She had a seizure. A massive one. MRI scan confirmed the cancer had spread to her brain. And in the days that followed it became clear that mum as we knew and loved her, would never be the same again. The seizure destroyed short term memory and doctors said there was nothing more they could do.
After 4 terrible weeks, in which my mum suffered dementia, before deteriorating further, until she died. Sorry it was terrible, I cannot go into more detail. The only positive is that from the moment she had the seizure on the 18 November, she had no idea what was going on. This doesn't help us much.
So tomorrow is my mum's funeral. Never imagined that she would be dead in 6 months, she was 65 years old. 
I have not smoked, because of her and because I didn't want the stress of needing nicotine on stop of everything else I am currently upset and stressed about.   
So there it is. Please do not give up giving up. You are not only doing it for you, everyone around you needs you to stick around for as long as possible. Your current struggle is very worthwhile! 
I decided to tell you all, because this sub was a life line to me when I was waiting for my nicotine monster to leave. So this is me, giving back to you lot.
Thank you for reading.  
Xxx