This is the reason why I quit smoking. 11 months and counting.

https://youtu.be/oMU2PFiPPpE

It's a text post cause I want to say a few words as well.

I ALWAYS loved smoking, always enjoyed the smell, the taste, the feeling between my fingers, the sound of the lighter and the little sparks while igniting it.

Of course I always knew how unhealthy it is and that it's super expensive but I was always ok with spending money on cigarettes and with the risk to my own health. I was fine with it and would still be fine with that today.

I've smoked for ~12 years and around 15-20 cigarettes on an average day. Phillip Morris/Marlboro was my brand.

I never had any health problems related to smoking. I didn't cough and I was breathing just fine. I'm athletic but my stamina wasnt the best. I also never did any cardio though. So there's that.

I never really wanted to quit. Sure, I thought it would be good to quit but I enjoyed smoking too much. In 2012 I quit for 1 month cause I got my wisdom teeth pulled but my head wasn't ready to quit so I started again.

Just FYI I am a person who tries to not cause suffering through my consumption so I boycott companies that cause harm/treat people unfair etc. Nestle or Coca Cola for example. 

When it came to cigarettes I never even thought about where they come from/what Philip Morris might be up to. Until I watched this video.

I've watched it the first time in December 2017. It's horrific. And the billion $ corporation PM is not doing anything about it. I'm ok with harming myself through smoking but I am not ok with hurting poor Argentinian farmers because of my addiction. So I was looking for alternatives. And there are quite a few. American Spirit for example. Luckily in my area are only the big brands like PM available. Luckily because I didn't find an alternative. I kept smoking PM. 6 Months had to go by. It was June and I came across this video again. I watched it and afterwards I was so disgusted that I finished my pack and never bought one again.

My mind was ready. I made a law for myself. No more cigarettes. I won't support those shady mofos anymore. I was done.

It was hard at first, of course! Whenever I got the urge for a smoke, a tingly feeling in my mouth, I said to myself "forget about it! You're fucking done. Maybe my body wants it but I decide not to. I can control it and I say no! No excuses!" 

What shall I say.. it worked. I snacked quite a bit but this stopped after a few weeks. I knew I made it. Even when I was partying and being drunk I had myself under control. 

My health didn't change at all. I don't feel better or worse. It's all the same. Sure, I've got a bit more $ but the biggest change I've experienced was all the extra time. I've gained so much time! I didn't even know what to do with myself after finishing a meal for example. It was great! Of course the time, just like the money, was spent otherwise and I don't feel that effect anymore. Which is fine.

I still love the smell of a cigarette though. It's the best when I walk through the city and I can smell someone's cigarette. 

Anyways.. this is my little quitting story and I hope this video might be helpful for you! 

Up to my 1 year anniversary!

Cheers.



Btw. English is not my first language so be gentle with my mistakes.