Keep that momentum everyone!

Hey, long post alert!

In may this year me and my severe smoking addiction became 10 years old, thought it would be a great moment to say goodbye as I have been thinking about this for a few weeks prior. The last years I smoked 25-30 cigs a day, close to 40 if drank beer with friends and collegues. Never thought I would can live without 24 hours without nicotine. In the first days I smoked 2-5 of these death sticks a day, then on the 4th day I said it has to be over for good, then became smoke free. The first two days was like hell, I even made a fake cigs out of rolled grocery store receipts which helped a lot - giving me a similar feeling of smoking, without those nasty chemicals. After a few days I stopped that, looked at my application stats and was sooooo proud of myself as it seemed like my single biggest accomplismnent in years. I even went to drink a few beers with chainsmoking friends, and wouldn't care they smoked right beside me. Using that momentum I started to eat healthier and started running three times a week with my girlfriend.

Just before the two weeks mark I started to notice strange chest sensation which got me panicking. Thought one won't hurt. I was thinking about smoking one out of curiosity. To see if it tasted bad, if I could resist another. I was doing so well, I ignored the mantra "not anouther puff no matter what". It is really never just one. I smoked one, then the other day one too. Got doctors appointment due to my chest feeling - panicking again - smoked 5-6 in a row. Doctors found nothing, said it was because of withdrawal, but I kept on smoking.  Became my secret habit/addiction, hiding it from my soulmate, family and soulmates.

Ever since almost every day I say it is going to be the last pack, the last ever, but the truth is it was never the last cig in the last one and half months. I'm devastated, because I can go without 1-2 days without it, then lose will and buy some. I never seem to get back on track because my two weeks personal record seems to be so far away. My biggest trigger is after coffee in the morning in the collegues. Knowing that I'm going on a 5 day holiday starting tomorrow hoping that those days will give me the same start so I could resist next time. Wish me luck. :)

For those of you, who could go without a cig for even a few days: it would give you literally nothing now. It tastes awfull, you would feel gulity, you would break your personal best, it would break your momentum. Not anouter puff no matter what! Keep that in mind, it is really not worth it at all.