"A Year Later" or "How I Quit and You Can too"

Smoking is different for everyone. I don't believe this would work for everyone because people are different but it did work for me and I believe can work for others. 


It's been over a year without so much as a puff. I was at a pack a day for about 7 years.  I quit cold turkey on an impulse (to be fair, most of my notable achievements have been done on highly driven impulse). 


Prep:

1) Pick a smart day. Make a mini-vacation out of it if you need. It's probably not best to quit in a time of high stress. I quit two days after my finals (went back to school). I also took the first 3 days off of work and everything. I couldn't drive because it was such a trigger for me. I needed the time to deal with scumbag addict brain in as comfortable and relaxing and enjoyable environment as possible. In the long run the long weekend was more than worth it. 


2) Find a different tactic object. I replaced the cigarette with Blow Pops. No lie. Gained a bit of weight but it probably wasn't just there fault. Even still I went though a 5 pound bag. I had one in my mouth every moment for the first 72 hours or so.


3) Find something that motivates you. I work with kids so I motivated myself by remembering I wanted to be the best possible role model to them and that meant not smoking. 



Action/Keeping it Going:

4) Realize you have scumbag brain syndrome. You're going to spend the next few days doing nothing but making excuses for why you deserve/should/would-get-away-with smoking. You are only doing yourself the disservice of extending scumbag brain syndrome if you give in. This will lessen over time to the point where it's far and few between. Every now and then I have a scumbag brain moment (generally in an old trigger situation that is somehow different to the triggers I have already dealt with since quitting) but I can just pat it on the hat and send it on its laughable way. I didn't go out of my way to avoid triggers after the first few days.


5) Treat it like a video game. Think of each day as a point or reward moving yourself closer to that next level. I think that is why this subreddit helped me so much. Even if I didn't post a bunch or read stories religiously (though I did during some really bad cravings) but the simple act of the counter and its changes was enough to inspire the gamer in me. Think of each day as another achievement. Also, realize you will know if you have to reset that counter if you falter (no one likes losing levels!) 


6) Think of it like you would heroin. Do you want to be a heroin addict? No? Well, that's not surprising. Convince yourself that you are one puff away from full blown junkie relapse status and you will find yourself more motivated to get going as well. 


7) Reward yourself. With my first months savings from quitting I bought an espresso machine. Espresso is way better.


Just remember: it get easier every day you choose to not smoke. 