Free from the Slavery.

Was recommended Allen Carr about 6 month ago in this sub, but was a slave to the addiction so never gave it a thought. Having read that now, I know there wasn't any other way which would make me free from the addiction.

Background, I have been five a day smoker from 2014, It wasnt peer pressure that I started smoking, or may be it was, but majorly I started smoking because all of the people I used to admire used to smoke. Although films in my country seldom promote smoking in a negative way ( even the protagonist smoking is usually him/her being the tough person he/she is), the brainwashing was happening since my childhood. In 2014 I was introduced to The Beatles for the very first time in my life and I was an immediate fan. I tried copying in them in all respects, even in smoking. Not saying they are/were bad because of it but they were amazing inspite of the smoking and drugs. 


I remeber in 2015, I had a long break from smoking, I think from February till August, because I started having the smoker's cough, but when I started in August again I thought to my self I'll just suppress the cough, what harm it could do. I used the will power method to kill the nicotine addiction, and what did it do? The cigratte I had in August was like a Reward I gave to my body after denying it cigarettes for about 6 months. I fell into the trap again and could never recover.

Fast forward to 2018, when my father,who was a long time smoker of nearly 40 years, he died of COPD and pneumonia, not only did it not stop me from smoking but coupled by the fact that I got job soon after his death, I increased the smoking from 5 a day to 10/12 a day and never less. I knew for a fact that I would die short because of smoking just like my father who died at the age of 59, and not only the nicotine monster made me come to terms with it but also wanted me to smoke more so that I live short while 'enjoying'.

Beginning of 2019 I finally found this sub and smoke free app and being honest, left smoking for about a week. The  achievements and milestones features was good, but then came a time where I had huge fight with my Long distance partner who refused to even want to shift to my city if we decided to close the distance, one fight became many, and the craving to nicotine increased more, during the telephonic conversation which lasted around 2 hours every day (not one continuous but several short ones) I would smoke around 10 alone, and if it resulted in some sort of solution i would smoke 2-3 and If the fight remained unresolved I would smoke until I slept, and repeat the process from the very next day. 

How the cigarette helped I wasnt sure, but somewhere in my mind it did. When the series of fights ended by February, I was down to nearly 15-18 cigarettes a day. I knew I has become a chain smoker but I badly wanted to leave this filthy habit. I tried e cigarettes but all it did was pumping more nicotine into the body, with cigarettes I still had a limit, with e cigarettes they were always in my mouth until they dried up and had to be refilled. But it was much better than the harm actual cigarettes does, I thought. It wasnt any better. 

Time passed up until July when I thought I had taken enough and done enough harm. Topping with the fact during all the past 5 years I had never told my mother that I was addicted to the no 1 killer of humankind. A constant fear also started engulfing me about what if something happens to me before it happens to my mother. I could never ever disappoint her in this regard, her husband had done that, the son shouldnt do the same. 

For Allen Carr the trigger might have been 'SELFISH' for me it was this fear that I finally gave in. And it had never been better since. Today is a month without the filthy stick touching my hand let alone my lips.

To every one out there, if you cant stop it on your own or planning to stop it on your own please know EASYWAY is the best , if not the Only way of stopping it.

And as for the Beatles, George Harrison died of longue cancer and advocated against his during the end of life. (I never knew of that in 2014, and I know for a fact, even if i knew, the nicotine monster in me would made me blind to that fact too)