Time to stop this awful habit

So, I decided my new years resolution would be to quit smoking this year. Since I spent all day yesterday super hungover, I had no issue not smoking because I had been smoking a lot while I drink (something else I'm definitely gonna have to slow down on/quit this year) but then this morning I had 3 smokes left in my pack and I decided I 'have to at least finish them'. Anyway, long story short after over 24 hours without a smoke I started one and the head rush was so nauseating i put out the smoke after 3 puffs.

I have been lurking here for months but decided not to make any posts because I kept quitting and failing. I'm hoping this time itll be different. I've only been a smoker for a little over a year now and I'm 24 years old, so I started kind of late. My dad is coming up in a month and I just dont want him to know that I'm a smoker. That's not my only reason for quitting obviously but it's a huge motivating factor. He's a former smoker and he was always so happy that I never gave in to the hype, but now that I have I feel awful about it and I'm tired of waking up gasping for air and coughing up a lung. I'm anxious all the time about my health and I never used to feel this much anxiety until I started smoking all the time. I'm a pack a day smoker now and I just cant help but hate myself. I've tried allan carr's book, and a few apps but no real success yet. I've considered vaping but it's a big expense to drop and I dont wanna replace this addiction with another one, I'm hoping to go as cold Turkey as I can. I'm hoping that I'll finally be able to kick this once and for all, I feel like it's just crazy that I went from not smoking, to the occasional smoke when I drank that I wouldnt finish, to a full blown pack a day while sober because I've had so much stress in my life the last year and a half that it just felt like it would take the edge off. But I know now that it's not helping me to be doing this to my body.

I dont know where I'm really going with this, I just needed some accountability and I've been a long time lurker here. No more puffs, no more cigs, I'm gonna try my damnedest to make 2019 the year I quit smoking!