For those struggling here's what helped me

I just wrote in response to someone's post and thought it could be useful for others:

Hey,
So we've all been there and it sucks. When this happened to me here is what I did:

1) Remember why you quit - deep down, what is that reason. And really remind yourself of that. In my case it was to try and live long enough to see my kids grow up.

2) Do something to take you mind off it. Work, running - whatever, doesnt matter (by the way occasionally masturbating/sex is a nice way to beat the cravings - the endorphins help)

3) When the attack comes, sip on ice cold water - I dont know why, but for me this really really helped. and I ended drinking a lot of water which I guess helps with toxins or something. Anyways - REALLY helped me so I would advise that.

4) Remember when you used to smoke and realise that when you smoked because of depression, did it REALLY help? I mean was there ever a time when you were feeling bad, then went out and smoked 5 cigarettes and then came back feeling happy? I think if you're honest with yourself, you were just as depressed after the cigarette as you were before. Same with stress by the way.

5) If you havent already, go and buy Alan Carr's book on smoking - very helpful.

6) I think of nicotine like heroin. To some degree I know I will always be an addict, and so I do need to be careful. One smoke, or one hit etc etc is never harmless - that's just your addicted brain fooling you into thinking that way. One smoke WILL turn into 20 in no time at all. Think about it this way: would an alcoholic have "just one whiskey"? Doesnt happen right?

7) You're 20 days in - that's AMAZING!! You should be really happy with yourself and also know that things should hopefully get better soon. You are really over the worst part. What helped me was to remember just how hard those first few days were - they were tough. Like the toughest thing I've ever done in my life. Think about that, and then think "I NEVER want to do that again". It was SO hard to do, that I never want to do it again. This thinking really helps me when I am in trouble.

Apart from that, just hang in there and remember that each day it gets easier and easier. With time the cravings will be easy to handle and you will be fine. Eventually it will be BEST decision you ever made!!

Hang in there!