Chantix: the worst thing that has ever happened to me. SEVERE ANXIETY.

Around 3 months ago, I was prescribed Chantix, as easily recommended by my now previous doctor to stop smoking cigarettes. I am a 20 year old female who was only smoking for maybe 3 years, so he put me on the lowest dose. Immediately, I felt terrible. Even though it was the lowest dose, I felt as if it was way too strong for me. It felt like I was fighting poison with poison. Every time I would take it, I felt extremely sick for 3 or so hours. I experienced incredible nausea, light-headedness, and just an all-around sickly feeling. 

I was given a 2 or 3 month dose, as is normal I believe. I immediately felt the effects of the medication very quickly. The first few days, I was already barely smoking cigarettes. Before Chantix, I was smoking around 8 or 9 cigarettes a day, give or take. After 7 or 8 days, I had quit smoking. The taste, smell, and affect of the nicotine made me extremely lightheaded and sick. I could no longer be around anyone smoking or else I would almost pass out or throw up. 

Since I was on the lowest dosage, my doctor told me I could stop Chantix at any time. Since it would make me feel incredibly sick whenever I would take a pill, I stopped it immediately after 9 days. 

The day after I had stopped taking the medication, I got the biggest anxiety attack of my whole life while in the passenger seat of a car. It came on suddenly, with no reason. I found myself clutching the window and seat in horror that I couldn't breathe. I was freaking the fuck out. I went to the hospital, completely clueless as to what was happening because I had never had anxiety before this. They did multiple tests and found nothing wrong except that I had a severe anxiety attack. 

Since then, 3 months ago, the anxiety hasn't gone away. I've been to multiple doctors, tried multiple prescriptions, and nothing has reversed the effects of Chantix. I've been bed-ridden since then, except for the occasional doctor appointments and going to normal every day places. When I've tried to go out of my house though in public, the anxiety sets in and I start to feel very sick. My heartbeat kicks up and I feel faint, which makes me panic, which in turn, makes me feel even more faint, causing me to freak out and leave and sit in the car. On most occasions, I don't even get out of the car.

I don't feel like myself anymore. I feel like I'm going crazy, that I'm losing my mind. I used to smoke weed regularly, and I stopped doing so because it feels entirely different. It freaks me out. Even my tolerance for medication is extremely low now. Everything feels different. I have started smoking my e-cig again in hopes that it would treat some of the anxiety, but it hasn't helped. Now I'm addicted to nicotine once more.

I've tried getting a therapist, but I have to wait 2 months because of the long waiting list, and because I do not have good insurance. I'm started to feel very depressed and suicidal, because I don't know when this is going to end, and its starting to cause hardship on the people supporting me. I need a job, but there's no way I'm ready for that again. 

Has anyone else had this same reaction to Chantix? 

What worked for you?

Are you still experiencing the anxiety and fear? 

