Woohoo 50 days and what helped me to stop

So here I am now, never able to quit for more than  2-3 days. What helped me to quit?
To answer that, I have to tell you at least part of where I am coming from.

For the past 5 years I smoked. I have kept smoking secretly from my family. About 3 years ago I have moved far away from my family to study, which means I have successfully hidden the smoking for 2 years while living with them and never talked about it the 3 years after.

I started to smoke in the first place because of the overwhelming stress I felt on a daily basis at school, the pressure I felt. That most likely sounds familiar to most of you who didn't start as teenagers because the others smoked.

In the beginning it seemed to help me but later on besides my regret, I fell ashamed. I fell ashamed of my action and therefore hid my action from my family.

Now back to the present (actually shortly back to the past hharr).
So after the unsuccessful bazillion trials to quit my (again) new years resolution was to quit smoking which was doomed to fail again.
After thinking about another method how to quit I thought about the accountability partner method.
So who could my accountability partner be?

You guessed right, I told my family about my problem and how much I struggle with it and the shame I feel.
Telling them about it was a really big step and was a really hard task as you can imagine.
So now it was said, a really shameful secret.


My family was not amused as you can imagine, though my father knew about it already as I found out.
The time after I felt a strong relieve and after the promise that I made I haven't smoked again.
The urges are there of course even now I feel an urge from time to time. The thought of how ashamed I felt and who I have to take my behaviour account for is the drive that keeps my lungs clean.

If there is anyone else who is a secret smoker you might consider to do it the same way. 

TLDR: After revealing my smoking addiction to my family they are, successfully, my accountability partner. You might consider the same.