Stigma, Aging, and Disgust

The last few days have been a little bit rough for me. Stress has been building at work, recently made a major purchase that I have anxiety about, a family member's death and the family onslaught that that brings with it... Overall, there have just been many stressors playing out at once recently.

This made me think about my old mind-eraser, my escape. Cigarettes... I like many have dreams every couple night or weeks. Lately, with the added stress, they have become more foreboding, intense and visceral, it seems. These dreams may have played into me triggering last weekend: I was at a party. Max, a German friend of mine who thinks that my efforts to quit smoking are obscene for some reason, was attending said party. I asked him for a cigarette. He grinned and obliged me. I took the cigarette and put it in my mouth...and just gummed it for the next 5 minutes. It should be noted that I was mildly...er...i was drunk at this point. But I didn't smoke. And I don;t think that I didn't smoke because I didn't WANT to; I think that I didn't smoke because I'm just...not a smoker.

I've been paying a lot of attention to people as I drive lately, especially smokers: flicking their stubs out the window as they pass, puffing away with the windows rolled up and their 2 year old in the back seat with the "Baby On Board" sticker warning me to keep my distance, walking down the street aimlessly or at least it seems. I take into account their age every time. I also take into account what I believe to be their level of health and relative social status. I'm unapologetic for this and am sorry if what I'm about to say offends anyone. 

What I see are that smokers fall into 2 categories in my mind. First, there are the young smokers. They still have their looks and are unafraid of the future. They are only just developing their worship at the alter of this addiction. They use the cigarette and it's smoke as flair, whether it's at the beer garden, the freeway, or the plaza. It's part of their personality and their devil-may-care attitude. 

Then there are the old. But the sad thing is, they aren't as old as you think they are. They used to be those kids. And the funny thing is that non-smokers and young smokers alike, are disgusted by these people. They are cowards, showing to the world that they don't care about anything but their addiction. They don't care about others, they don't care about joy, they don't even care about themselves. They are disgrace to all that lay their eyes on them.

The young and the old also tend to share in one simple. They just kinda look...trashy. I hate that word, but it's true... I have become very judgmental, but maybe that's a good thing. Maybe that is the big change that made me not light that cigarette at the party last week. Maybe that is the big change in my thinking that will make me never go back again. I hope so.