My personal tactics/tips. I think this will help most of you A LOT.

1 . Skip the morning smoke. 

You get up, you eat & drink. You go to the bus or car to school/work. 
Skip this one, I found it crucial. 

By skipping the morning smoke, you disassociate smoking with waking up/begining of the day, aka. your life. 



2 . Skip the post-dinner smoke

Dinner is the biggest meal, where we feel really full, this one is almost the same type as the first one. 
Keyword: disassociation. 
By getting rid of the triggers, but not suffering from nicotine withdrawal at the same time you can quit the triggers first so to speak. Then afterwards when you go into a cold turkey you don't go insane cause you have lost the habit of these triggers. 

You might now ask? When do I smoke then?

3 . This one is hard, there is a huge difference between people in all regards. 
And there is a huge difference between a person who smokes 5-10 a day. And a person who smoke 15-20.

Anyway, you know yourself best. Be a tactician. 
Okay, so you skip the morning smoke. 
You have decided not to smoke after dinner, maybe even decided to disassociate smoking from food completely. 

So. Every 4 hours, regardless what you are doing, by that you disassociate it to actions, food etc. Funny thing is these 4 hours have a good probability not aligning with your cravings so you might even skip one. Always consider skipping one. Despite all the lies your nicotine corrupted reward system is telling you, nothing bad will happen by skipping one. Actually for every single cig you don't smoke, you compliment yourself and your health. Skipping one is extremely important. 



4 . Decide fully before quitting. 

There should be no "I am trying to quit". This will strain you really hard, so hard that I am refraining from swearing throughout this whole part. It will strain you because while you are "trying" every single reminder, craving, nicotine panic, stupid reasons you think up will FORCE you into making a choice to smoke or not. How many times a day can you take that choice? It is like someone is torturing you, and forcing you to say yes, at some point most will break. If you say "NO, END OF IT, IDGF HOW MUCH IT HURTS" the torture will not make you make a choice over and over. 

Might be weird that this is 4, but this can wait until you have learned to skip one, or started following 1. 2. 3.

Until you can go with "I QUIT, END OF STORY", and by that avoiding that constant second guessing, your road to smoke free will be very rough. Because at every panic/craving you will always go to "I have quit, I have decided" instead of "Should I smoke one? Yes, No?, but but but.. etc- " and suddenly the craving is just a mild annoyance like a headache or a mild pain. 




Reasons why I put it this way:


Thing is, talk is cheap, action counts. 

Funnily enough not only for other people, but to yourself too. 
To believe that you actually wanna quit and that you are quitting you have to actively change and do something to prove to yourself that you are serious about it. Control your emotions with your actions, instead of your emotions controlling your actions. Emotions/feelings are based on information and association, and a relative standard, in this case dopamine levels.
If you believe yourself through your actions, you will see through the lies and illusions you experience as an addict. And as I mentioned earlier by disassociating smoking from (especially good stuff) specific things in your life slowly but surely, combined with you actually taking yourself serious the swinging dopamine levels are not that bad. 
Ever had a terrible day before you were a smoker? You didn't die did you? 
REMEMBER: Nicotine is out of the body after 3 days. Everything is emotions. I basicly try to learn and explain in an understandble way how and why you can and should REPROGRAM yourself, since you want to quit smoking. 
Again, let your actions define your emotions. You have to proof to yourself. Talk is cheap, action is not. Applies to yourself.



Random tactics + some info:

Make it a challenge/game/test at first: I wonder how long I can go without smoking?
I wanna test how few I can smoke! 
Reason: Your brain thinks that smoking is as important as eating, talking, hugging etc. By making it a test/challenge/game it is very much less SCARY to go without smoking. Nicotine WITHDRAWAL is not THAT BAD. 

Laugh it off: So you have not smoked for 6 hours and you feel pressure in your chest and you are getting anxious. Pull up the middle finger and swing it around while you laugh at the cravings, and tell them that they can suck your d and f off. 

Lastly: 
These are my personal opinions, basicly asspull "facts" with no source or basis other than what I have experienced, probably random info I have read somewhere.

I am pretty sure that if you can go to 4 or lower cigs a day quitting is MUCH easier. I have heard somewhere that it takes 6 cigarettes to become addicted. And if nicotine and its trash stays in the body for 3 days that would mean if you can go to 2-3 a day you are barely an addict after smoking 2-4 cigs for 3-4 days. When I got to 3-4 a day, going cold turkey as I am doing now. About 80 hours in, I have not even considered smoking. Yes, the withdrawal is there, the panic is there sometimes. But I don't associate these things with smoking anymore. I do not consider smoking because I QUIT, and am not trying or thinking about it. When you say "I QUIT" you put PRIDE into it. You know that if you smoke after going with "I QUIT" you will make yourself a liar to yourself. Actions define your associations, your feeling induced thoughts are the result of a mixture of information, associations. Theory is theory until it is done or tested. You don't put a suspect to jail without proof. You are not rich without executing whatever good idea you have. 


Hope this gave you some tools and maybe a new or different perspective. 
I would say good luck, but no. No luck involved. Hard honest work it is.

P.S: I am not good at formatting at reddit, so if it cluttered as shit tell me what and how to fix it, to make it easier readable. 