Here's what motivated me to quit.

Yesterday, I posted a somewhat self-congratulatory message about me hitting 1000 days.  Self-congratulations was only half of it though.  The other half was I hoped it might motivate someone out there to not light up.  1000 days seemed so unobtainable when I started but it all went so quickly that I thought maybe people would like to hear that.

Then, this morning, I thought if I really want to motivate someone I should tell my story of quitting, because, well, it motivated ME to quit, right?  So here’s what finally caused me to quit…

I should start out by saying I’m a male in my mid-thirties and had just had my 2nd son a few weeks prior.  Anyway, one day about 3 years ago my stomach started hurting and I was really bloated (I could see my stomach bulging).  I went to the doctor and he ordered an x-ray.  After the x-ray, he said I was just constipated and gave me a laxative.  He said: “I’m not worried about your stomach.  I’m worried about something else.  You’ve gotta come see this.”  I’ve never heard a doctor say “you’ve gotta come see this” so I was kind of worried.  He led me to the hall computer and showed me my x-ray.  “Do you see this big ball on your liver?  That’s a cyst.  It’s 7.4cm.”  That’s as big as a baseball!  He told me to not jump to conclusions and ordered an ultrasound and a CT scan.

Of course, I didn’t need an ultrasound and a CT scan.  I already knew what it was and what it meant.  When I got home that evening, I heard my pre-Kindergarten son excitedly yell “Daddy’s home!” before running up to give me a hug.  I cried.  I was going to die and my son wouldn’t have a father.  I’m tearing up now as I write this just thinking about it.  I said what probably any other smoker would say in that position: “if I only had another chance”.

Well, I did get another chance.  The ultrasound and CT scan showed that the cyst was calcified and hadn’t grown in a long time.  It was nothing to worry about.  I got to experience what it’s like to get the dreaded diagnosis.  It’s a horrible, horrible feeling that I can’t even put into words.  Especially knowing my kids would lose their father.  Absolutely dreadful.  I promise, you don’t want to experience that.  But THEN, unbelievably, I was granted a second chance.  I wasn’t going to squander it.  I knew I’d be travelling for Christmas which is always stressful for me, so I quit after the new year.  Here I am, 1001 days later, still a happy father, but now completely smoke-free
