Quitting smoking -- side effects no one told me about.

Hey all. Lurker here, but I responded to another post and it got me thinking that this might be helpful to some of you. I know that I was blindsided by some of these side effects, and it would've helped a lot to know they were coming and that they were normal.

Backstory: Tried to quit for five years. Tried everything except hypnosis. Finally made it!

People don't seem to talk about negative side effects of quitting much, but I don't think it's demotivating. If anything, it's motivating to stay smoke-free, realizing how tainted by smoking my interaction with the world has been. I'm sure all of our experiences are different, but just maybe someone is experiencing what I'm experiencing and needs to hear that it's normal. 

1\. More free time!
Smoking was an activity in and of itself before. I would sit at home with a couple of beers or a pot of coffee and just smoke and do nothing else. Now I tend to the yard, or play with the dog, or go for a walk. 

*Bonus! Positive in every way.*


2\. Crazy nightmares
I have vivid nightmares, all about smoking. I dream that I've smoked a cigarette, and wake up feeling horrible. I dream that I've lied to my friends and family about smoking. I even dream that I'm sleep-smoking! They were worst during the first 2 or so months, and went away for a while, but have come back. 

*These nightmares remind me how important it is to not slip up. I know exactly how I'll feel afterward.*


3\. Cravings
Some people stop having cravings after the first week. I hear that our bodies get over the physical addiction within 2 weeks. I still have cravings. Not every day, and less and less frequently, but I still have them. I don't think they'll ever go away completely.

*But I can handle them. My dad's been quit for ~15 years, and has maybe one craving per year.*


4\. Stressing Out
Since quitting I've been a stressball. My personality has changed drastically, and the me that was mellow and relaxed and under control is now on edge and ready to snap. I honestly don't know how to handle stress anymore, since I can't just go outside and smoke a couple cigarettes. I've been smoking since I was 15, more than half my entire life, and I'm having to re-learn how to handle stress and function. 

*Insert totally cheesy (but true) sentiment about growing as a person.*


5\. Loneliness
I lost all of my friends. They all smoked, and I couldn't be around it for the first couple of months. It's hard even now, so I limit my interactions to a couple hours or so every few weeks, and always to indoor events. They've stopped inviting me. I hear later about fun things that happened that I wasn't even invited to. As a result, I've grown incredibly lonely, and I often feel like I have no good friends left.

*But I'm making new friends with more interesting hobbies! I've started volunteering and I'm looking for an amateur sports team to join. Losing friends that smoked as an activity (see No. 1) has meant that I'm making friends that do activities as activities!*


6\. Accurate budgeting
I never counted how much money I spent on cigarettes. I just bought them as-needed. That meant my budgets were always off by a little, and I never realized why until my budgets started being accurate after quitting. Weird, right?

*Woo, more pocket money!*


Negative side effects are painful and discouraging, but each one has an upside. I know that I want to be the person who quit smoking, stress and loneliness and all, more than I want to be the person who was still smoking.

What about y'all? 