$700 dollars a year

I was never a "real smoker". I never smoked a pack a day. At most would be half a pack a day during my college years when I used to roll me own. But now I try to limit myself to a pack a week. I've never really had a reason to quit. Even after my dad has health problems from a lifetime of smoking and losing my grandfather to heart disease brought on by a lifetime of smoking.

Sure some of my friends have tried to get me to quit, but their efforts are short lived and I go back. I'm really the one at fault. They tried, this isn't their full-time job nor should I expect it to be. 

I graduated in May. I am unemployed. I lost the love of my life in July. I'm applying to graduate school atm. I've lied to a close friend of mine about quitting and I feel guilty when I had to disclose the truth in front of her. Hell, I think I've lied about quitting more times than I can count. 

Why do I smoke now? I make excuses, simple as that. Oh, You've had a long day at your internship, have a smoke. Oh you're angry, sad, or bored go out for a smoke. Drinking? Smoke! It's morning? Lets go out for a smoke. You want to have a philosophical discussion in your head? Alrighty! Lets go do that while having a smoke. Thinking of your late girlfriend? Here have a smoke while you try to fight the tears. All excuses. 

As I've mentioned before I am unemployed. I am financially supported by my parents through a stipend for travel and food to my internship. Guess what I do with the food portion? I buy smokes. I justify it by telling myself, "Well if I don't eat for 2 days I'll have enough for a pack that will last me a week." Pathetic. I used to feel guilty whenever I did this. That is $12 I wont see again, but it's become so routine I don't even care anymore. And then I did the calculations. If I smoke a little over a pack a week, I smoke away about $700 a year. Holy fucking shit. That might not seem like much to some of you guys who used to be accustomed pack-a-day smokers, but I've never worked a real job in my life. $700 is a lot to me. I could have invested with that money, or bought myself or loved ones some nice things. $700 a year. I think its a bit sad that my final motivation to quit once and for all is monetary. But whatever works, right?