Winter is coming, I am trying to quit since I don't smoke inside.

I have been smoking a pack a day for the past 2 years, previously I would smoke when they were offered to me. My girlfriend has been a smoker for 5-6 years and she is also cutting back and wanting to quit. I have stopped drinking like I used to which has helped a lot. Yesterday was my first day of actively trying to quit, and I did fine all day until I had my sister call and inform me of some problems with my families home life. I had 3 cigs in total by the end of the night, which is a huge decrease for me. I just had my first cig of the day and I'm going to try my best to make it the only one for the day. I decided to look up a sub reddit to help put me in touch with others also quitting/have quit. Does anyone have any other ideas to help me quit besides limiting myself? I didn't really feel the want to smoke yesterday until I was stressed out over the family issues, and today I smoked one because I'm still a sucker for a cig and coffee mixture. If I continue to limit myself to way beyond what I'm used to, will it keep becoming easier to avoid the want to smoke? I gave up drinking so often and it hasn't been a problem, but I wasn't addicted to drinking like I am with smoking. I also used to smoke weed multiple times a day and due to looking for a new job, I haven't smoked weed for a week and 2 days, and previously I switched to vaping 6 months ago to avoid the chemicals of combustion. I want to quit smoking because I just know how much money I've thrown at a bad habit, and the health issues. I'm now 25, and had open heart surgery when I was 20, so as you can see there are TONS of reasons why I need to quit. Any advice would be greatly appreciated. My girlfriend has cut back to the point I am but she's not actively trying to quit like me at this point in time, which she is being really respectful of and not smoking around me when she does smoke. Would it be any better if I don't smoke a cig, and vape tabbaco when I would normally have my cig or two for the day? I have tried quitting cold turkey and maintained it for a few weeks but the urges/social drinking brought me back in.