Why NRT does not work and you should quit cold turkey

We all know that the one thing Nicotine Replacement Therapy does to us is keep us addicted to nicotine. But we also think that it might help us break the habit of smoking first, then dealing with the actual addiction later. Sort of breaking a challenge down to a couple of smaller steps, seeing as smaller steps at a time should be easier to manage than a single big one.

But that is wrong. 

Smoking provides instant gratification. You drag, inhale, exhale, repeat a few times. It takes a couple of seconds for the nicotine to reach your brain and central nervous system and give you the satisfaction that you need. This is bad, because it conditions the subconscious to "smoking = problem solver" to a tremendous degree.

Nicotine's pharmacokinetics are, when smoked, almost the same as if you injected it directly into the bloodstream. The concentration peaks after mere seconds and gives you the instant satisfaction that you so badly need. This gives you sort of a "real-time" control over the dosage that you need at any moment.
NRT applications, such as patches and gums, do not provide this. It gives off nicotine constantly and as such it does not help dealing with peaks. Besides, they usually do not administer enough nicotine. Even worse, they keep your brain and CNS in a state of addiction where you're always craving nicotine and it's never enough. It constantly feeds your need for nicotine and makes you want to smoke, because smoking is the real thing. Kind of like sex, sure, you can masturbate, but you would rather have actual, real sex.

Interestingly, the only NRT that does seem to actually help people quit nicotine, or at last stay off cigarettes for good, is vaping. Everyone who has tried vaping seriously knows that you need to suck on the stick for around  30-60 seconds to get the same effect as from dragging 2-3 times on a cigarette. This takes away the instant gratification that smoking provides. However, you can still control the dosage and and it acts quickly enough to make it not frustrating like patches and gums do. It's a good middle ground; you can choose to stay on the train forever (no one stays on the gum or patch train forever because it's frustrating) or you can use it as a transitional phase to laying off the habit first, then deal with the addiction later.

In the end, you have to face nicotine withdrawal. It's the only way. If you make quick and dirty, you will frustrated for a shorter amount of time. But it drastically reduces the amount of time you're being frustrated. You're going to be frustrated either way, might as well keep it as short as possible. And you must go cold turkey for that.

I can't back any of this up; I did manage to quit smoking once for 5 years though (relapsed last year) and I have a BSc in Life Sciences. This post is just how I view things and I will gladly debate over any of it:)