My break up letters to cigarettes

Dear Cigarettes, 
    I am ending our 12 year relationship. It has always been one of love/hate. You have comforted me in times of sadness and calmed the anger. You have always been there to support me with the rush you give my body. You’ve always been by my side. First thing in the morning, with my coffee, in the car, when I’m drinking or socializing, before and after every meal. I crave you and I need you pretty frequently during every single day. And you are everywhere. In every single store there you are. When I’m driving down the road there you are in the car next to me. My family is addicted to you as are many of my friends. And there is usually always some excuse I can come up with to not cut you out of my life. “oh now’s not a good time this *insert lame excuse here* and *here* and *here*. I always find something to stop me from cutting you out of my life. You have been harder to walk away from than anything else. 
You have also destroyed me, ever so slowly. One puff at a time, with every single one of you, you are slowly killing me, with every passing minute. I have watched you kill loved ones, and people far too young to be leaving this life. You are evil and sadistic and I have loved you for so many years. Its only been 40 hours since I threw you away like the trash you are, but I know in my heart you and I will never meet again. I know I’ve tried this before and you always find a way to weasel back in using my weaknesses against me. But not this time. This time I mean it. This time we are over, stay out of my life, you will not control me anymore. No longer will I need you to get thru my day. And in return, I get to smell and taste things again. I’ll be able to breathe easier and not let you dictate what I do or don’t do. I am taking my life back for ME. I want to live to be old and gray and I won’t give you the satisfaction of putting me into an early grave. Its not too late to take back my life and its exactly what I intend to do. 
So goodbye, once and for all. I bid you good riddance, cigarettes. I’ll be over here smelling the flowers the way I should have always been able to. Its only the beginning of a long journey of getting over you, but I’ve been thru some shit and I’ll be damned if you get the best of me anymore. 

Yours Truly,
Your ex- Sara



Dear Cigarettes, 
    Its been just over 3 weeks since I tasted your deadly kiss on my lips and breathed in your cancerous smoke. You have tried relentlessly to get me to come back to you day in and day out for 24 days. Breaking up with you has been the hardest and most empowering moment of my life. But I still see you everywhere I go, you are always right there whispering sweet nothings into my ear.
In the 24 days I’ve been without you, you have built me up and tore me down. I’ve never felt like this in my whole life, so many emotions at once. The first few days I felt like I could feel my heart breaking I missed you so damn bad. I cried and cried and punched my pillow when I woke up without you by my side. Once I made it to a week I knew I’d never turn back. It has been the longest 24 days of my entire life. But it has been the most rewarding 24 days. Every single day shows that I am stronger than you. I’m no longer your slave. You don’t control my life anymore. 
Slowly you are fading away, yet I still miss you. I long for you and I need you. Well, I don’t need you, I just THINK that I do. Its hard for me to be where you are. Its like you are taunting me, daring me to throw 24 days away. I can’t. I won’t. I will stay strong. I will defeat you. I control my life, its all up to me. I’m seeing the world from a whole new perspective now that I’ve broken free. Everything looks different on this side of the fence, and it all smells and tastes different too. It feels amazing to have my fiance not have to taste my ashtray kisses, to feel confident knowing that you don’t get to put that wedge in our relationship anymore. I feel on top of the world each and every time I say NO to you. 
I’m beginning to believe it really is mind over matter when it comes to breaking up with your addictive delicious nicotine. There have been moments where I certainly would have smoked you if I didn’t have the courage to say NO. No more. No. No. No. You don’t get to own my life anymore. Its my life and I want to enjoy it as long as I can. So leave me alone, you can try all you want, but I’ll never take you back. Never. 


                                August 5, 2014

Dear cigarettes, 
    Tomorrow marks 60 days and the day after will be exactly 2 months since I stopped letting you control my life. Breaking up with you has been one of the most rewarding things I have ever done. I have greater self confidence in what I can do for ME. I now realize that I really can do anything I put my mind to. Leaving you has been an amazing eye opening journey into finding strength I didn’t know I had. 
    7 years ago today you took my wonderful Grandfather away from me. He had COPD. My children were small when he lost him and sadly they don’t really remember him… But he loved them so much. I was only 13 when you took his wife, my wonderful Grandma away from me. She had lung cancer. She never got to meet my children, and oh how she would have adored them and they her. 
    During my quest to let go of you, I have watched myself transform. I breathe better and no longer cough in the morning. My skin is clearing up and I have a new glow to my face. My nails are bright and white and I don’t have the awful stench of you on me all the time. Its still hard to be around you and it has certainly been a challenge to not give up. 
    I am on top of the world when I think of how far I have come in 2 months. Its been an adventure of self discovery and willpower giving you up. I still desire your taste and how you used to make me feel, but I refuse to give into the temptation that you taunt me with. I know it will take time for you to fade and it scares me to think that you may never fully fade away.. You will always be a part of me and who I am, where I’ve been and how far I’ve come. You are like a deep scar that won’t ever go away. Somedays I wonder if I have it in me for a life of that. 
    The pros outweigh the cons and I feel so strong. I’ve never had such self esteem in my life. I know I can do absolutely anything if I have to willpower to do it. Almost 2 months without you just paid for our first family vacation. I won’t let you wiggle back into my life like a flesh eating disease that will ultimately kill me and leave me broke. I’m choosing LIFE. So you may as well give up, because you won’t defeat me. I refuse to give up. 
