Last day of smoking is TODAY.

I've been smoking since I was 15... that was 20 years ago.  I eat healthy, am in a serious relationship with a non-smoker, but I could never let go.  I have a master's degree, sometimes teach college courses- I am a smart gal, but so stupid about smoking.  It was so embarrassing to smoke at grad school/as a teacher, but I always looked at it as my way of rebelling.  I used to party a lot in my younger years, and cigarettes were my way of "staying young," a connection to my reckless past.  (I know, I know...)


Planning on pregnancy soon, and I have bad adult-onset allergies.  Smoking is bad for both situations.  I set a date last month.  That date is TODAY.  I have 1/2 of a cigarette left.  My last one.  I am a little cheap, so I just have an Alan Carr youtube video bookmarked.  NOTHING before viewing that last week had ever mentally prepared me for quitting.  (Thanks, Reddit suggestions!)  I watched it once, and will watch it again after I finish that last 1/2 of a smoke.  Something about Alan Carr's wording worked on me.


I have Nicoderm patches, bought a box before seeing Alan Carr.  But here's my tactic- Instead of a cigarette being the mark of failure, I'm labeling the nicotine patches as my failure/cheat.  One more mental step away from sneaking a smoke.


I have a cache of nice bath products that I am only allowed to touch after my last cigarette.  Lip balm and things that could help the "hand to mouth" urge.  Things that smell nice, why would I want to reek of cigarettes?


My big "wall" with quitting was the NEVER again concept.  I have a pack of herbal smokes in my cache, to take the "never" aspect away.  Those things are kinda gross and don't have nicotine, so it's not a very fun option, but takes away the "never again have awesome fire and smoke in your hand."   (The fact that herbal smokes are kinda gross also means I won't want to be smoking a lot of them) 


Wish me luck, I've never tried quitting before.  My boyfriend is away visiting family, he knows I'm gonna try to quit but I intend to not mention anything and surprise him when he gets back on Friday.  I'm only telling Reddit.

PS- I'm really scared to watch Quentin Tarantino movies bc I love them and they totally glorify smoking :P 


EDIT- Smoked that last half of a cigarette... HERE WE GO!!!!! 