Getting real sick of losing this battle

So I've been lurking on this subreddit for a few weeks, and thought it would be beneficial to start participating. 

I've been a pack a day smoker for the past twelve years.  Prior to this year I have had one semi-successful (but ultimately unsuccessful) attempt at quitting, which lasted a week.  I started up again right before starting a new job.  

I'd been thinking of quitting again roughly around October of last year, as I started working out and realized that smoking was affecting me more than I would allow myself to believe (I've been pretty much one of those 'Oh well we're all gonna die anyway, might as well pave my way to hell" types).  Then in January of this year a family member - also a smoker - suffered a severe heart attack, which inadvertently lead me to consider quitting again. 

I first tried playing a mind-game with myself, challenging myself to see how long I would be able to last without a cigarette before caving in and lighting up.  I managed for 42 hours but a slight hitch at work lead me to light up again.  I instantly regretted it, and instantly felt like a failure again.

So then I tried Allen Carr's Easy Way to Stop Smoking.  I read the whole book attentively, and sucked on my 'last cigarette' like a panic-stricken madman.  I understood and agreed with everything that he said in the book, and logically it is a pretty straight-forward thing.  It just didn't do it for me.  As a matter of fact, I'm now smoking twice as much as I used to before reading the book.  I listened to the audio book afterwards, just as an extra measure, but that also didn't help. 

I know I'm not unique in how I feel about this but to me it's like I'm permanently trapped.  I don't feel strong enough to deal with the withdrawal, and thinking that I'm going to cave in after a week or two weeks of being smoke-free is infuriating and humiliating.  I have a problem with nicotine addiction, not the concept of smoking cigarettes as much.

Does anybody have any advice?

TL;DR Tried quitting cold-turkey, didn't work, tried Allen Carr, didn't work, whiney whiney whiney plz halp?