Had to stop smoking weed due to anxiety out of nowhere

Hi everyone!

This is my first time posting on reddit ever (I am more of a reader than a writer), but I finally decided to share/ask about my own experience with weed and join the reddit community.

I am a 22 year old female, and had my very first joint at the age of 18, and since then I have been smoking occasionally (mostly taking a hit while going out in college with my friends this past year + splitting a joint here and there with my college roommate).

Everything was going great until I scored myself a stiiizy way back in November at a party one night, and what started as a "I'll only take a few hits to get high at night while watching Netflix" turned into taking hits practically the entire day until the end of January. I began eating less and less and lost a significant amount of weight (nothing too drastic but noticeable enough for my family) and indulged myself in sweets for munchies instead of real food. A little after is when things took a completely different route that I am still trying to understand. (please bear with me as I explain)

On February 2nd I took a typical stiiizy hit, got a nice high which wore off in an hour or so, and a couple of minutes later I got a feeling that I have never experienced in my life before. Anxiety hit me like a truck, forcing me to jump out of bed thinking that I am having a bad trip, even though the two or three previous bad trips never felt like this before. I rushed to the bathroom because my stomach was hurting like crazy -a sharp knife like feeling- and I had diarrhea for a good two hours. Because I was still a bit high I managed to quickly fall asleep, waking up feeling drowsy but fine.

My initial thought was that I had food poisoning, since I had two twix bars and a Naked juice for dinner that night, and decided to take another slight hit the following day. I took a little puff and the anxiety slightly returned - my hands were sweating and shaking and I could tell something was wrong with the weed. It was a new strain but still a hybrid which were the ones I've been mostly vaping, and I decided to take a break. This is when things got bad and I believe I started to experience weed withdrawal symptoms.

Exactly a week later (Feb. 9) I got the worst anxiety attack so far- same symptoms as before only way worse. I called my mom over and she told me to measure my blood pressure, which turned out to be around 151/113, putting me in hypertension stage 1. I ate an entire lemon and laid in bed praying this feeling will go away, and it eventually did, but I was unable to fall asleep the entire night. The next day was also horrible- I had no appetite and my stomach was hurting way more intensely than before -I almost called 911 thinking my appendix has burst- and laid in bed the entire day. Every day since then it has been getting slightly better- I began to eat more as my body actually demanded food, otherwise I had no energy and the anxiety would get worse (this never happened before). The only problem was that I was not able to fully sleep for around a week, and I even had a hallucination from the lack of sleep.

By Feb. 19th I was starting to feel like myself again and even slept through a whole night without waking up, and that is when I made the mistake of taking a stiiizy hit AGAIN. I took a very small puff since I was still scared but also skeptical that weed did this to me, and after that I knew I made a huge mistake. I immediately felt a bit off, like I was not myself, and by the time night time came I had my 3rd anxiety attack, which raised my blood pressure a bit but not like the 2nd time, but same exact symptoms of stomach pain, diarrhea, and that feeling of your chest being crushed while having panicky thoughts. Eventually it calmed down and I even slept for a few hours, but woke up feeling weird, like I was not myself and in the morning my vision was distorted, like I was in a dream or something. This caused me to immediately trash my stiiizy + the two brand new pods I bought plus a free joint with the thought process of my health is more important than the money I spend on this.

It is Feb. 22 and I am feeling better than at the beginning of the month, the only problem is the slight anxiety I have throughout the day plus the insomnia that began to plague me again after that last hit, although I am able to sleep around 4 or 5 hours, which is a progress from before, even though I am exhausted and WANT to sleep, I am just unable to.

I have decided that I will never smoke again and I am very disappointed that I led this happen to myself because I do love weed but I am only human and I forgot that I also need to take care of myself while I am high. Right now I am eating 3 meals a day if not more, trying to go to bed around 9 and wake up when my body wants to, going for walks and using the sauna to get rid of all of the toxins in my body.

If you're still reading this I highly appreciate it, and I hope my own experiences can help other people to not get to where I was which was the most lowest/painful in my entire life. I believe weed will give me anxiety from now on (and even if not I don't want to try again) which I have read happens to people, and then since I stopped vaping I got weed withdrawal symptoms as well, which include anxiety, sweating, shaking, inability to sleep.

I would love to hear any thoughts/comments/opinions, because 5% of me still thinks something else could have caused this, but by now I am more than convinced it was the fact that I was using weed for about 3 straight months, and even though I went through probably about 7-8grams total in that time span, everyone is different and I have never abused anything for such a long time before. Plus I stopped eating properly, which also took a toll on my body.

I also believe that this was a wake up call for me, as I only sat in my room vaping and watching Netflix for 3 straight months, but now I am starting to enjoy the world and the daily tasks + appreciating my life after getting so low.

Thank you for reading, have an amazing day :)

Weed is legal where I live.