10th time quitting, 6 days in. Wish me luck.

Hi /r/stopsmoking. It took many times, but I am finally ready.

Forgive me if this comes off sloppy or scattered, it is hard to focus.

A little background: some of my oldest memories involve my teenager siblings blowing smoke in my face. I took my first drag off a Newport at 3, and I was socially conditioned in a conflicting but old-fashioned "smoking is what sophisticated grown-ups do, but don't you dare even think about doing it" mentality from the start. Aside from stealing the occasional smoke as a youth, I was terrified and convinced that I would never smoke or do drugs. Nonetheless, I started smoking full-time at the age of 15 by digging up old shorts from the ash trays around the house (I know.. disgusting and pathetic) 

Here I am 7 years later. I have picked up, put down, and distanced myself away from pretty much every other drug from alcohol to benzodiazopines to opiates and heroin (2 things I despise more than almost anything else in this world).

Cigarettes are the anomaly here. They are the last thing I do from times and places that feel completely alien, and the hardest of all to get rid of. I've been attempting to quit for 3 years now. 9 times in a row, I have been sucked back in to sucking them down. I would make it anywhere from a few days to a few weeks cold turkey and it always felt like torture.

What I have learned: 

1.) Vaping makes me relapse more than anything else. 

2.) Gum, mints, candy, excess coffee, mostly any type of substitute will generally make things worse and serve to keep the timing pattern from eroding.

3.) I can't just have one after 2 weeks. 

4.) If I do have one after 2 weeks, it's not even enjoyable anymore. When quitting, one tends to forget that you have to "get good" at smoking first. After a few days, they go back to tasting awful.

5.) I will feel like total shit in every way possible if I do have one. Loss of confidence, loss of energy, stomach pain, that airy dizziness, sad lungs.

From an outsider view, I must sound insane and look like a laughable failure for all this (and rightly so), but man.. I have never been so ready or eager to get away from them and never have one again.

I'd also like to thank Allen Carr for his work, may he rest in peace. His encouragement to never pick one up again is what has me motivated more than anything else. 

Come what may and damn the consequences, I'm an ex now and an ex for life. :)

Best of luck to all of you going through this. In any other scenario, 3 weeks time passes in a blink.