Story of struggle, stumble or success ?

Fiirst things first. I`am now a redditor... Reading for hours and hours was at some point not enough i guess xD Happy to be here hello everyone =)
 
So i already had a time in my life were i was putting the smokes in the dumpster... It was 2 years ago, half an year and my retarded self would think of like: YAY it is ok to smoke when you never slepped in a 30+ floors building and watch at the beauty of Hongkong Harbour at night from your bed...

So i try again... And it obviously sucks. Iam in day 4 at the moment, getting through the first big cravings on the first days was like... All good. Really. I have faced that before...
But. I have to do shiet and especially i have to write 2 papers an then my Thesis to finish my studies (dunno what this is called in english)....

It is not the point of writing papers that i want to refer to. It is like you have something important to do. You know you can get shit done... BUT my feeling is like, i fucking help myself if i go to the shop and buy a pack... Its not just about the craving, it is freaking about it gives u the abilty to work xD
I know it sounds stupid when i write it down... But really it multiplicates my cravings like XxX. Well i have to try to express my feelings cause my english language seems to suck. 
A trigger for me seems to be Stress, next to: Alcohol, Coffee, spicy Food (tasty Food in general), well i have do admit some other substances, the time after sex... 
And fucking hell that all reads like when i have accomplished to fullfill my needs oO

But i really want to point out that these are controllable (dunno if this is an english word) needs... 
My point is when iam under pressure. When i have to get shit done. This drives me crazy, really.
My mind tells me it is so much easier to focus if you get a smoke...
Then all will be fine (start of the shit, your way though etc.), if you you just buy a pack and grab one...
I know it is retarded shit. But iam really struggling with this topic...
And i really liked to read the posts of other people, what they think what there been through and thats why i got a reddit account in the first place. So thanks in advance^^ 

EDIT: 31 years old, smoking since 17 years....