Because smoking is cool, because I need a break, because of Dad, because of ADD, because of just because...

Even though there is a lot of stuff to say, I really cannot write anything that is worth others reading. However I feel that I just need to get something out. Any lack of description will be expressed with pictures or references, a method of expression I am capable of. 


The title of my post is a representation of a Simpsons-esque pattern of thoughts of how I got into this mess, what has kept me in it, and hopefully a lifeline out of it. 
http://27.media.tumblr.com/tumblr_lbuqg1zTZw1qe6y5io1_400.gif

Now I am not a heavy smoker by any means, smoking around 3 Packets a fortnight (Lots more if I go out for drinks) and to most people (eg Mum, Little Brother, current housemates of 4 years and many friends and acquaintances) they do not know I smoke. I am not experiencing any health problems from it except for a decrease in lung capacity (How the fuck can I reason this to myself as a non-serious result of smoking??????).
45 hours after my last cigarette (a hand rolled cigarette with a big filter, you know because they are more healthy for you because they don't have as many chemicals in them?????) I am not experiencing a comedown of the levels that Renton experiences in Trainspotting (http://24.media.tumblr.com/b3a6babe41e3c930671d6c1f05745666/tumblr_mkmq0hFLRl1rj1d5oo1_500.gif) but I still feel the coarse surface of the nicotine vise gripping onto my nerves, soul and life in general. 


In this post I hope to disassemble and criticize the connections in my head that cigarettes have created, that for 17 years of my 22 year old life, were once not there.


Because smoking is cool.
Like most of us, my first cigarette was around friends in a memorable, fun setting; for me  a party. After this seed was planted and started to grow, smoking always seemed to enhance times when I was with friends, and justify times when I should see them when I had more important priorities (Tight budget, lots of assignments ect ect). Between then and now whenever I was at a cafe, at a party or just hanging out with friends the urge of wanting to smoke to enjoy the experience has grown. 
Now two things are fundamentally fucked with this pattern of thought. 
1) How did I ever have fun around people without smoking cigarettes?
2) How can I continue to smoke if It makes me avoid doing necessary things and damage my health at the same time?


Because I need a break.
During long study sessions, at work or whilst chilling at home watching TV, I feel that I need to have a cigarette to take a break. Once again, for 17 years of my life, this was not an issue. This combined with the excuse "Because of ADD" makes it very easy to block out any logical reasoning I have to not have a cigarette. I do believe that to take breaks and a step back from everything allows me to be more focused and settled, but to fill these precious times in my life with the action of inhaling cigarette smoke is totally absurd in hindsight.


Because of my Dad.
My Dad was a lifelong smoker who passed away 2 years ago to a non-smoking related illness. At times when I have questioned my smoking habits, something tells me that smoking is good, it gives me time to think about him, and others in my family. In the same way that looking at family photos or just talking to friends and family on the phone, I have built this mechanism in my head that taking time by myself engulfed in the haze of a cigarette is good for me because it allows me to connect with family and friends in thought. Instead of spending these times to send a quick "How are you?' message to someone, I idiotically think that smoking would satisfy that altruistic desire.


Because of just because....
At the dark end of the Simpsons-esque spiral where all logical reasoning has conquered the previous demons which make me pick up a cigarette, I face the final demon. If this was a video game or a fantasy novel, you would expect that this is an all-conquering, Fire Breathing, Black Magic casting, seemingly unstoppable beast that is the size of Mount Everest. However this demon "I'll just have one because of because...", the most innocuous of the lot has yet to be defeated. After making all of the right moves, reasoning with myself and resisting all urges put upon me thoughts such as "I'll just have one, because....", "This will be my last one", "I haven't seen this person In a while, how can I not have a cigarette with them?", "I won't get to see this person in a while after this time, how can I not have a cigarette with them??" or "I always have a cigarette when I do X" creep into my head.
The reason that this is the hardest to overcome is because It is where smoking has grown to become a part of me, a part of subconscious routine. To overcome this I have nothing to fall back on but pure willpower.


I am sorry that this post is overly long, disjointed and probably does not make any sense, but I needed to get this out and leave it as a record of the person I am now. In times of despair and hopefully a time when I am free from my addiction I can come back and read this snapshot of the person I am now.

