Day 70 and still trying to cope

Let me just preface by saying that my flair, may be incorrect as I quit last year but had an unfortunate relapse after 6 weeks. So here we are, again, but this time at day 70, the longest I have gone in 13 years without smoking.  

I'm tremendously proud of this accomplishment but my god, I am struggling. My wife and I quit at the same time and she is killing it, doing great. I'm proud of her and I wish I was doing that well. My problem is, even after reading Alan Carr and coming to this subreddit daily, I still am a person that wants to smoke.  I can't convince myself that I didn't love it. I loved everything about it, the taste, the smell, the act, the habitual break every hour or so (yes, I know a lot of people just go outside but it's just not the same). The one and only reason I'm stopping is due to the awful medical implications it has. Which is a great reason in itself but dammit, why does everything have to be so weird?  

I've realized that 90% of my friends are smokers and 100% of my closest friends are. I tell them I've quit and they all give me that look.  That stupid, P.O.S look. For a split second, the look consists of what they would look like if I said I'd shot their dog. Then it quickly morphs into disappointed eyes with a fake smile, as "oh, well good job man, is it cool if I go for one" diarrheas out of their mouth.  Last weekend, my two friends went out every half hour while we were having beers as I just sat in his house while they did so, in an hour, I spent 15 minutes alone, just feels so weird. 

I miss having a lighter in my pocket, I miss watching the snow or rain from my garage, I look longingly at public places I would have a smoke outside of, I miss things not feeling weird with my friends, I don't like feeling like I should be avoiding certain people, more than anything, I am 33 and I do not want to spend the next 50 years wanting something I can't have. 

Surely, we're all here because we didn't or don't want to smoke, for whichever reason. My question, I guess is, for you long term quitters, if you hit a funk like this, how did you get out?  When every fibre of your being and every function of your brain is screaming "holy f*** man, smoking was awesome, remember the good times", how did you eventually quiet it?  Or did it do it on its own?  

Thank you and good evening. :). 
