New beginnings.

This is a tad late because I only just found this subreddit. Please forgive the possible wall of text.

I'll give a little background first, I'm turning 20 in a few months and had recently moved to New Zealand for University. I had been smoking since I was in grade 9, about fifteen years old from my older brothers influence. Initially I didn't see much point to it, then it slowly became a habit. This continued through my high school days and although I was playing sports and joining in on a lot of extra curricular activity, I still felt the need to smoke. There was some stress along with high school life like always but usually it was manageable. 

When I graduated, smoking took up a bit more of my life because between graduation and moving here, I was working for a few businesses and companies doing things from odd jobs to specialty work. This along with working 8:30am to 7-9pm, depending on the jobs being done on each day, I'd find myself smoking half a pack a day, thankfully because I only had so much spare time between jobs, otherwise I'd have smoked more.

The off chance that I go clubbing with friends, I'd end up smoking a pack just in that night. So I tried to change my habits to only smoking whenever I drank, this worked out pretty well for a while. Until a certain point when I inadvertently joined a group of friends going clubbing Fri, Sat and Sunday, and a few other times during the week for 6 weeks straight. Each time smoking a pack. Once the six weeks was over, I promised myself that when I leave for New Zealand, I'd leave my smoking behind.

I arrived here last July and slowly started quitting, from a half pack a day, to two or three a day, down to one cigarette a week. It felt good that I was slowly quitting. I then managed to not have one for close to three months. I was happier knowing that I didn't smell of smoke, classmates here continued making jokes about my smoking though but I didn't mind anymore. 

But my downfall happened when I returned home for Christmas, the day that I got back I started smoking again... The next day I got pretty sad about it but couldn't really stop again as quickly as I wanted. It continued until the day I was leaving again to come back to NZ, I took my last cigarette and promised myself that this would be the last cigarette I smoke this year. That was January 23rd 2013.

Here I am on march 28 2013 and I still have not touched a cigarette since. 64 days since. 278 days to go.