Having my last smoke today, need some guidance and help.

A little story for those that are interested. For those that aren't, in summary, i am a 3 pack a day 40 year old smoker trying to quit. smoked since i was 13. Any super heavy smokers, that quit, what got you through it? Even non heavy smokers, what helped you get through things like breaks, meals, sex, the fear of not having any cigs?

So my story, 

I am recently married, my wife cannot handle it anymore. I started smoking at an early age. I am physically active , believe it or not, even with the 3 packs i put down. I wasn't always this heavy but find myself actually smoking more. I feel disgusting everytime i have one. I want to quit. I read allen carr's book, tried patches etc.. The fear and the craving really gets to me. even if i think about quit smoking, it actually fucking triggers me wanting a cigarrette. 

I cannot go on like this. I don't just want to quit, i sincerely want the feeling of wanting one to go away  permanently. The craving is worse than the habit for me. After i play a match in overwatch i want a cigarette, as soon as i get in my car, i watch the minutes at work for my break to have one. 

I have to quit. I am hoping to everything out there that i don't fail. It just has to stop. It runs my life. It's sad to think at my wedding, in the middle of the ceremony i was thinking of when i could smoke. 

Sorry for bad grammar and all that. I am really nervous. 25+ years of smoking, 15 of heavy and the last 5 of extremely heavy. It's taking a toll on me physically and mentally. I hate the taste, the smell, the everything and for some fucking whacked out chemical reason i increase my cigarette consumption. I am baffled by my brain logic, i hate doing something and end up doing it more and more. 

ANyways, i am finishing my last two smokes right now. I am going to go to the movies to start off and see how i do. If i by some miracle make it through today, i'll let you all know at 5 p.m. tomorrow. If not, i'll try again. i've never been in to support and "you can do it" type stuff but im scared. Terrified of what i may go through.

sorry for the rambling and stuff.