How I began, and how I (so far) quit smoking.

On the 18th of October, 2011 I decided: "Heck, I'll give smoking one year, then quit." The first 7-8 months after that, I smoked about 1 or 2 smokes a day, mostly at school during recess.

Then the summer vacation began, and I started working. Working with customers make you really stressed out, and I found smoking to be some sort of temporarily relief for it, so I started smoking more and more. Until I was smoking a pack a day. 2 months after I started smoking that heavily, I moved to the school I'm currently attending, where I met with more smokers like myself, and other friendly people.

I told them why I smoked. Some laughed, others stared in disbelief, some though I couldn't do it. Well, the latter was correct.
After attending the school for nearly two months, the time was coming to an end. The 18th of October, 2012 was getting closer and closer. I thought often how I was gonna quit, should I start smoking less and less, and eventually quit? Or should I quit cold turkey?

I decided on quitting cold turkey. I lasted three days. I don't know why I didn't last longer, why I couldn't quit just like that. It took three days.
After that I decided to try to gradually stop smoking, that worked for about five more days before I started smoking more and more. Then we went to China.

And man, the price you pay for a pack of cigarettes in China is far less than what you pay here in Norway... (98 NOK in Norway, 10 NOK in China, 1 NOk = 0.18 USD / 0.13 EUR) So I picked up smoking more than ever. For the 8 days we stayed in Bejing, I smoked at least 40 a day. I was hooked again, I was aware that I smoked more, I noticed my clothes were beginning to reek of smoke. I hated it.

I had no idea what to do. Until I got home for Christmas.
During Christmas, I must have had an epiphany or something, because while standing outside, smoking, watching the fireworks on New Years Eve, I suddenly decided to stop smoking. I threw the cigarette I was smoking away, and crushed the pack I had in my pocket. 


As many other post here have mentioned, it's surprisingly easy if you put your mind to it. I still have many friends who smoke, often while I'm around them. I try to tell them that it's rather easy. Just put your mind to it. 

But then again, it's always easy to quit.
It's not as easy to stay away from it after you quit.

**TL/DR;** Wall of text telling my tale of the "1 year smoker".

*PS: I'm sorry for the wall of text, just felt like putting my story on "paper"*
