Some thoughts from the journey. Celebrating my 6th anniversary

Hey /r/smoking, I wanted to share some experiences from my journey the last 6 years. I"m going to break this into sections, be prepared for a long one :)

1. Giving desire control over our actions and lives.

Every has their own reason for why they started smoking and the role it plays in their life. Some of us share commonalities, but to each your own. At the root of addiction, as well as lif, is the balance between the power and agency we give our desires to lead the direction our life takes. Often times when you fight a desire, the struggle with it gives it strength. You tell that desire “you have an ability to control my life, so I must fight you.” That’s the wrong mentality. It is not our desires that control us, it is us that surrender control to our desires. 

When you extend the agency of your actions to our desires, we shift our belief that the desire controls our actions, and we are helpless in the face of desire. I would like to quit smoking, but I can’t. It’s got a hold on me. That's not the case, but it's a lie we tell ourselves in order to fulfill the desire. You’ve got a hold on it; the desire. We surrender control of our lives to our desires, instead of just observing them and experiencing them, but acting in our best interest or doing what is healthy instead. Fighting the desire, or urge, will often strengthen the desire/urge. It just takes letting go of letting that desire dictate action, observing and listening when the desire arises. The desire is a path to understanding the root of the desire. If you don’t judge it, sit, and listen, with non-judgment and acceptance, your subconscious will reveal over time the reason you have the desire. You can then let go of that reason, the root of the desire, and begin to build habits that are inline with your core self: no longer fulfilling the unhealthy desire when arises but observing and accepting. Instead, try just listening to your body and observing the desire. It's just a message your body is giving you, and likely just a habit you learned. 
Using arbitrary and commitment to others to

When I quit (multiple times), I was most successful when I used the above to my advantage. I'd extend the decision to outside of my control, to arbitrary externalities. It allowed m to say "Man, I REALLY want to smoke! Can I smoke?" ... "Well sorry, there is this rule.... I know you want to, but oh well. We can't." It allowed me to sit with my desire, without succumbing to the desire.

The two times that I was successful in quitting I committed to a group of people to commit, and the 2nd I made a rule that I couldn't smoke in a state I moved to, but I could smoke when I left. That lead to this second point:

2) Use disruption to break out of patterns, loops, and bad habits 

Habits are well worn paths that we often walk without even thinking about it. Observe your life enough and you'll notice how most of your actions are really just loops we're stuck in and habits we've set up to help us automate our lives. These are formed and learned by our aversion to pain and attraction to pleasure. Most of our loops, habits, and behaviors were learned when we were younger, and echo into our later years. All you need to do is sit with your subconscious, know that it was just trying it's best, and then tell it "this habit we learned was the wrong lesson. Let's learn a different one." Just do that over and over when you observe yourself stuck in patterns and habits. Then use that to help set yourself up for change. You do this by creating opportunities to act differently and disrupt learned habits and patterns. 

If you put a log across a well worn path, it requires you to stop and figure out how to get around it. When that well worn path is a self-destructive behavior, it increases the probability for your to say "I don't want to walk this path right now, let's find a different one or turn around."

So observe your habits and set up ways to disrupt patterns. It could be as simple as adding a small plant in your yard where you sit to smoke and think "this plant represents my desire to grow and a new start. When I sit here, this plant will remind me of that desire." Now every time you come to your normal smoking spot, you that small plant will trigger your intention and your desire to act differently will echo in the moment. 

This leads to the next point:

3) Build positive trust in yourself 

You build trust in your actions by breaking or honoring the intentions you set and it is continuing to try to change that is more important than any single success or failure. The more you let yourself get away with things, the more you will trust that you can't control your actions. But the more you observe, practice non-judgment, and then follow through on your intentions to do what is healthy for yourself, the more you'll build positiv trust. Take this to heart and it is easier to follow through on what you know you should do. 

4. Patience with yourself.

Change is rarely won over night. Each baby step forward is a victory, and we often sabotage ourselves with impatience. Know that we all stumble and fall, but we only fall to learn how to get back up. Any relapse or failure is not a complete waste, if you use it as a moment to learn and listen to yourself to better understand why it happened, so you can share that information with your subconscious, and extend trust to yourself that your intention to act a certain way will match your actions. 

Seek to build a relationship of trust between yourself and your gut/subconscious. It's the same as a relationship with any other person. 

5. It takes a while sometimes, but that's ok

I wanted to smoke well into year 3. Sometimes it pops up again. The desire to smoke, for myself, stemmed from a self-destructive desire and an unhealthy learned behavior on how to punish myself and manage anxiety. Each time it popped up, I didn't know I was doing this, but it was a signal of something being wrong. Each time it signalled there was something wrong, that I needed to address. Each time I sat and listened to that desire. Instead of smoking, I worked on addressing the root of that desire. That's how you find heal the root of the problem, instead of just quitting a habit. It takes a lot of patience and trust building with yourself, but it's worth it. 

6. For me, quitting smoking was about quitting addiction. 

I'm a hard liner here. I know many people vape to quit smoking, but I see it as a trick the addiction uses you to maintain the desire. It's not just smoking that is unhealthy physically, but it is addiction that is unhealthy mentally. Vaping is used as a scapegoat to get out of actually quitting, usually due to the belief we are incapable of quitting. If you're using vaping to quit smoking cigarettes, that's a great step forward, but the path has many steps after that. I would urge you to look at how addiction ripples into your other behaviors, thoughts, and habits. If you are comfortable with vaping in your life, then live it. Everyone has their own preferences and own paths, and not every path is right for every person. So if you observe and see no harm in vaping, then listen to that. 

At the same time, I don't count spliffs against this now, but some would. We each have our own barometers and preferences, so I present that as an example. Some people would reset their badge, because of the consumption of nicotine (it's been very rare for me). I never smoked a spliff for the tobacco, and I stopped because the tobacco flavor bothered me. I will smoke them time to time, but I always gauge where my intention is coming from. If I sense there is a desire for the tobacco, then I won't. 

Either way, this is a journey and not a day. If you're down, throw a comment that you want to commit to living a healthier life over the next year. I'll `remind me!` in a year and follow up to see how you're doing (though we could check in with each other in the meantime). I don't expect everyone to not smoke the entire time, but I expect when I check in after a year, you're still committed to living a healthier life and either on a new streak, or starting your new streak :)