Just 89 Days...

Until the 5th anniversary of quitting. It's strange to be here and it's been a very up and down 5 years. 

Not everyone has the same experience, but I wanted to share mine for others that are struggling with the same issues. It was really hard for me the first 3 years. It wasn't until about year four where I didn't crave cigarettes on a weekly basis. I think part of the reason that the transition happened, besides time, is I let go of my self-destructive mentality and began to practice compassion and love for myself. 

I felt that I deserved punishment and smoking inflicted the pain that I thought I deserved. The fact that it was slowly killing me was just an added benefit. There were different reasons why I started, but these were the main reasons why I was never able to let it go. 

The message I hope to share is that you can let go of these self destructive mindsets and patterns. But if you find yourself smoking or desiring to smoke, from a root of self-harm, know that you're not alone. Know that you can let go. It's not easy. It takes time. Sometimes a lot of time. You deserve compassion and love, especially from yourself. 

Some way you can do that. Observe your inner voice and your actions. 

1. If you find your inner voice being angry or spiteful. Let go of that voice. Think "What would a kind person say or think" and say that to yourself instead. Instead of "You're an idiot, how could you have made that mistake", realize that mistakes are the best way to learn. Build a learning mentality instead of a critical mentality. 
2. If something good happens or could happen and you find yourself fighting it, or pushing it away, think about why you do that. Then allow it to happen. You deserve good things to be in your life. You deserver to be free from your addictions. You deserve to live a healthier life.

I'm curious how other people have created a healthier relationship with themselves. How have you guys changed in the long run? What are some tips that you can share with others?