A note on day six

I have to say that right now I feel great and I'm really proud of myself for taking the plunge. This isn't the first time I've tried to quit. For me the hardest day is the first. It's the day where I make the decision to quit. After I've committed then I just go with it. I find nicotine withdrawal symptoms to be mad and I think it's why a lot of people give up. I feel that right now I'm over the first major hump. The worst thing over the first few days has been coping with the severe drop in levels of concentration and memory. Here's a note I made about day three: 

"Yesterday I made myself a coffee in the morning, sat down to drink it and then went out for a walk. I returned from the walk and made a pizza. While the garlic was frying I started sorting out the dough. Even though the garlic was right there next to me frying I forgot about it. It burnt. Then when I'd made the pizza I put it in the oven. It came to light afterwards that I'd put the oven on the grill setting. I still ate the 'pizza'. After I'd eaten it I then noticed my (untouched) morning coffee right there next to my plate! What the hell is going on?"

I'm trying to work out what I can do differently this time compared to other times. I've quit a few times but the furthest I've ever made it is up to a few months. It's after this point that I forget about the shitty impact smoking has on my health. There are obviously so many reasons to quit but the first one for me is for health reasons. I hate the fact that it's normal for me to have a cough. I think it's really stupid that even when I have a cough I still continue to smoke. I'm embarrassed at myself. Sometimes I worry about the coughs that I get and imagine seeing a doctor and them asking me, 'do you smoke?' 

I'm thirty now. I've been smoking since I was a teenager. I've read a lot about smoking and I understand some scientific aspects of it and some psychological aspects of it. If I'm totally honest deep down I still think that smoking is cool and rebellious. Why? Why do I think this? It's so stupid! I guess it's all the film I've seen and the musicians I love. Take, for example, Tom Waits. He's one of my favourite musicians and so much of his music is about smoking and drinking. Whether intentionally or not it's glamoured in his music. He's just a wonderful musician. The funny thing about Tom Waits is that he actually quit smoking and drinking years and years ago and all his best material came after he went straight!

So, as I said, I'm trying to think what I can do differently this time. One thing is that I'm not drinking and another is that I'm making quitting a bigger priority. I'm totally changing my lifestyle in order to get past the three month point. I'm not going to go out on any nights out and I'm just going to spend my free time doing creative things and going for walks. I want to treat my body like a temple!

Peace x