For those having trouble not smoking at their local bar/alcohol-related hangout

Heya folks, 
So I'm somewhat new here, but after gone two weeks without smoking (HUGE record for me), I wanted to share some insight on how I'm keeping myself honest while I'm out drinking with friends.

**DISCLAIMER** This really only applies if you're quitting with 1+ other people.

First, ask around if you have any friends that smoke and see if they'd be willing to quit with you. Much like going to the gym or doing other activities, having one or more friends that are keeping each other honest can do wonders. Don't be preachy about it, just ask honestly if they're at the point where they'd also want to quit.
When I told my buddies at my local bar I was quitting, another friend said he wanted to quit too, then another patron heard we were quitting and wanted to join, etc... We're now up to 5 people quitting together.

Well what does "quitting together" actually mean? Well, it's a lot more than just swearing of cigarettes together. We've also established some pretty serious penalties for each other regarding smoking. I'll try out outline them briefly below:

1) First, tell everyone in your local bar/hangout you're all quitting, and set a quit date. We're a hockey bar, so we set our quit date for the first puck drop of the NHL hockey season. 

2) If you/anyone in your quit group smokes a cigarette from that point, they owe the other members a shot at the bar (totals to about $24-$30 a cigarette for us). You want to make the penalty lax enough that people won't be scared away from quitting altogether, but strict enough that it begins to get costly after even just a few cigarettes.

3) If someone at the bar that isn't part of the quit group catches you smoking and rats on you, they too get a shot. You want to incentivize other people at your bar to keep you all honest. 

4) Establish a pretty steep fee for anyone who doesn't want to continue with the rule in step 2. Our group has it set for $100 per person in the group (so it would cost me $400 to "back out"). If someone slips up and is smoking a few cigs in a night, they may be tempted to say "screw this quitting thing'....Having it accompanied with an 400-dollar price tag is usually enough to get them back on the wagon until the next morning when they sober up..It's about preventing the "I quit completely" motion.

*Of course, they still need to pony up for the night's cigarettes if they haven't already.
**Don't be afraid to boost up/tone down the punishment depending on your finances/means/priorities.



5) Figure out what alternatives you want to allow. We decided as a group that other substances are okay (e-cigs, nicotine gum/patches, weed, etc...). We did disallow dipping though. Our rationale was to get rid of cigarettes, not achieve total sainthood (yet). 

*This is up to your group. Figure out what you're happy/unhappy with in terms of potential substitutes. 

6) You should all download the same quitting app! Seriously! I was skeptic, but when I saw I passed up 50 cigarettes in the first week, I was astounded...I had no idea I was smoking that much! That, plus keeping track of money saved and health benefits is a nice motivation. I don't really have any to recommend since I've tried a few that were all fine. Ask your friends and decide on one. 

7) Help and talk to each other. Hang out with each other, start a group text, whatever works. I was having a shitty day at work last week and REALLY craving a cig when I get a text from one of the other guys saying "wow...quitting fucking sucks"... and we just kinda talked each other down. This will be even more important while you're out at the bar and people are smoking around you...keep each other on the wagon.

We didn't really set any end date/prize. The prize is that you're not smoking anymore...that should be plenty of motivation. You'll constantly be held to those "penalties"....until the end of time...but who cares....it's not like you're going to smoke again, right?

That's pretty much it. I have a close group of friends, I go to my bar A LOT and we're all a very tight-knit community. The people I'm quitting with and I are very upfront and honest with each other, which makes this quasi-gentleman's agreement able to work. 

This may not be the case for others, and this whole system may be completely inadequate for most of you. But for those that have been looking for ways to cope in this particular situation...this has been working very well for me.

Best of luck!!

-Tanko



