Day 7 - and a huge thank you to this sub

I found this sub a couple days ago, and it may well have made the difference in my resolve to stay off the cigs.  I smoked my last one on the road checkin' out a damn fine ass on a long road trip, said to myself "Yep, that's exactly how I want my last one to go", and burnt it.  Next day I finished what was left of my e-cig tank, which was Aug 2.

The cravings started out vicious.  But I saw a bunch of folks here talking about this Allen Carr guy, googled me up a video and watched through that for an hour.  And that helped a ton with changing my mindset about the cravings.  I don't know that I fully agree with his analysis of that first cig, but the rest is absolutely true.  By the time you're addicted it's not about any kind of high from the nicotine, it's just trying to put off the withdrawal from the last cigarette you smoked.  I've quit a few times, and to be honest the first one coming back always offered a small high, but you'd have to smoke like once a week to get it, and the withdrawl over the course of detoxing just simply isn't worth it.  In seeing the cravings for what they truly are - a withdrawal symptom of the cigarette itself, it's helped immensely with my willpower to immediately discard those cravings.

In seven days I've had at least 3 "smoke dreams", but instead of talking myself back into the habit it's only reinforced how damningly awful this nicotine drug is.

And the benefits... the benefits have been amazing!  I've never really accepted myself as a smoker - so in addition to saving some money, and the health improvements, there's definitely a self confidence boost that's come with finally throwing away this nasty habit.

My apologies if this post is a bit all over the place, just wanted to say thank you, to all of you!  This is a huge improvement in my life, and I may never have achieved it without you!  I see a ton of posts on here that are in various places along their journey, and I truly wish all of you success.  I know he gets name dropped a ton on here, but if you're feeling any sort of cravings at all, and aren't convinced you have the willpower to stand up to them, find yourself a video from Allen Carr.  Once you see the cravings for what they truly are, as a drug withdrawal and not as missing something valuable, they are far, far easier to overcome.

Thanks, once more,
Taokan
