I'm getting on this wagon and I am never getting off.

Today while browsing reddit I cam across this sub and decided to take that long hard look in the mirror. I reads posts about your struggles and triumphs. I read posts that focused on the health issues that arise from smoking and the benefits that come with quitting. I stared at the index and middle fingers of my left hand. My cigarette hand. The stains on those two fingers were mind blowing.  After much disbelief and a tongue stinging taste test of the yellow discoloration (yes the chemical stains left on my fingers by my beloved cigarettes sting the tongue a little.  Sorry I'm a little inquisitive) I succumb to the fact that I have become a heavy smoker. I literally jumped from 8 cigarettes a day and an I can quit right now if I want to mentality to a pack and a half a day smoker who focused time and energy thinking about my next smoke break than I did enjoying my work, coworkers, and clients in a week. Literally on a Saturday 4 months ago I smoked 8 cigarettes and by hump day I was humping the counter at the Shell station having a nic fit and buying my fourth pack of smokes that week.  Not to mention all of the time I spent outside the building, away from it all, smoking smoking and smoking everyday. As the leader (read:boss) in my building I threatened productivity, moral, and lost respect all because of cigarettes. At least that is how I feel when I think about the countless times I stepped out for a smoke. Lastly my wife quit smoking 6 months ago. Cold turkey. She's got it like that.  Iron will, intelligence hot... Er that may not be important info right now. Anyway she begged me to quit. My responses were always the same. "I will when I'm ready babe." Or "I know I have been thinking about quitting a lot lately." Both responses were the truth. I did mean them. But in the end no matter what I meant or thought was the truth were just statements to pacify the fear that I knew to be a reality. "I could not quit smoking right now if I wanted to.". Wait, is that true?  Hell yes it was and that was scary. 

So I decided today while browsing this sub, if not for the first time then for the first time consciously, today had to be the day that I finally quit smoking. The biggest reason of all is for my wife. I love her and I don't ever want to disappoint her. By smoking all of this time and more than ever since she quit 6 months ago I know that she is at the very least a little dissapointed. Even though she would never admit it. I know that she is and rightly so.  So then off I go on this wagon. Down the smoke free trail. Along the way I will have some supplies that will get me to where I'm going and to help me not get lost along the way. 

These are the things that I believe ( I have to believe right?) will help get to my destination of smoke free. First, I have my wife.  She is the best thing that I could ever need to help me stay smoke free. Next, I have a very cheap disposable e-cig. A Finn to be exact. I'm not planning on using these long term and in my opinion they are no comparison to the real thing however I know, that for me personally I don't have the will power to go cold turkey so a device to taper down my nicotine intake is essential to my success. That being said if you are against e-cigs for one reason or another I respect that and ask that you respect my decision to attempt to quit smoking by utilizing one when I start to lose my cool. If you would like to discuss dangers of using an e-cig while quitting smoking by all means PM me and we can either email or talk on the phone about it as I can assure you I am not well educated on these things. As for my final tool on the path to ditching the cigs once and for all I was wondering if I could count on the many incredible folks that subscribe to this subreddit?  I have already read much of the incredible advice, and support that many of you have left for one another and this sub honestly makes me feel like I can quit right now if I want to again. So thank you for that and I truly look forward to leaning on this sub in the future as needed. 

