Anxiety/panic attack caused by smoking made me decide to quit 4 days ago.

I was having shortness of breath for 5 or 6 days and I didn't realize it was from smoking, because I had never experienced this kind of shortness of breath before.  Finally I couldn't take it anymore and had a panic attack, went to the ER, and got put on Anxiety meds for the time being.  I'm on day 4 smoke-free, all thanks to reading/watching Alan Carr's how to stop smoking.  It just made sense to me.  I never knew smoking caused anxiety!  I always thought smoking helped you cope, however, it turns out smoking CAUSES ANXIETY AND HURTS YOUR NATURAL ABLIITY TO COPE WITH LIFE.  Here is some reading matieral from an anxiety website I found that explains what's going on. PS- I'm determined to stay smoke-free because I feel sooooo much better, and the "cravings" are very managable.  I wish i would have quit so much sooner.  
The Most Common Link Between Smoking and Anxiety

Studies have shown time and time again that the idea that smoking reduces anxiety is a myth. Many people smoke in order to cope with life, but studies have shown that smoking actually increases anxiety – it simply does so after the cigarette's effects have worn off. There are two reasons for this:

    Withdrawal Symptoms – The most common cause of anxiety in those
 that use cigarettes to cope is withdrawal. The effects of nicotine last a very short time, especially as you become accustomed to it, and so minor withdrawal symptoms start often throughout the day. One of those symptoms is anxiety, so while nicotine reduces anxiety after it's smoked, it then increases anxiety more than you would suffer without nicotine later, forcing you to go back and smoke again.
    Coping Replacement – The other, forgotten reason that nicotine contributes to anxiety is because it essentially replaces your own natural ability to cope. Stress coping is a mental skill. When you don't use it, you lose it. Smoking numbs anxiety but it doesn't actually help you cope (since nothing you take for anxiety is true "coping"), and so your ability to cope with stress without nicotine gets worse. That's why so many people turn back to nicotine when they're stressed – their mind and body don't know how to deal with even minor amounts of stress without it.

These are the main reasons smoking creates anxiety. It can also cause anxiety in other ways, such as worrying about your health, worrying about how your job is affected by your smoking, etc. But these are all secondary anxiety causes.
How the Lungs Affect Anxiety

Yet although smoking can cause anxiety, it's the lungs that may contribute to some of the worst anxiety symptoms. Smokers are generally aware of how much they're putting their lungs at risk for cancer and damage because of smoking. But you may not be aware that your damaged lungs may affect your breathing.

Those that smoke may start breathing faster or less efficiently than those that don't smoke. Faster breathing can cause what's known as "hyperventilation," which is when the body breaths out carbon dioxide too quickly. Carbon dioxide is necessary for your body to function properly. Smokers can also hyperventilate from coughing too often, as this may cause accidental fast breathing.

Hyperventilation is one of the most common triggers of panic attacks and severe anxiety symptoms, such as chest pains, rapid heartbeat, light headedness, and shortness of breath. These feelings often trigger intense anxiety (and further hyperventilation), which can be extremely difficult to manage and may cause the development of an anxiety disorder (most commonly panic disorder).
Quitting Smoking Can Also Cause Hyperventilation and Anxiety

Due to the withdrawal symptoms of nicotine, when you quit smoking you may also start to hyperventilate, which may lead to further anxiety – anxiety that could cause you to feel like you need to smoke again. In addition, smoking in general changes your lung health to such a degree that you may have developed poor breathing habits already that are going to be exacerbated by the way your lungs feel when they're free of cigarette smoke. That’s why you should be prepared for these feelings before you quit smoking, and make sure you have a support system in place to help keep you away from cigarettes.


 

