Almost 3 months free, but a person loss has me craving cigs again

EDIT: Fucked up the title. Oops.


Same story as everybody. Quit and failed dozens and dozens of times. The final straw was starting a job where tobacco use was prohibited on the company ground. Unfortunately, by the time you got OFF the company grounds, your quick break was over. This meant I was smoking before work, dying for 4 hours, smoking like a chimney on lunch, then dying for another smoke in 4 hours. Going through that everyday was horrible. I was a slave. I tried Carr as a last ditch effort and made it only 2 hours. I resigned myself to never quitting. But I remembered his words and I did as his book said, if it didn't click, read it again. I did. And I quit on June 15th and have never looked back.

Honestly, it was pretty smooth sailing this time. Besides Day 3 when I became a huge mess of human jelly raging at everything, I've had almost no cravings. At least not major ones. Maybe a tiny voice in the head saying "Remember smoking?" when I see it in a movie, but it's dismissed as soon as it is said inside my head.

But I learned today a close family member died today. Came as quite a surprise. I had a good relationship with him and I have to say I'm pretty shocked to have learned the news this morning. Unfortunately I'm in a town where I don't really know anybody and my girlfriend is out of town for the week for the holiday. 

I'm just sitting here trying to keep myself busy. But the craving for a cigarette is just screaming at me. Just so much going on right now personally, at work and with this. Ever since I heard the news, those damn Marlboro Reds are calling. JUST ONE. But I know what Carr said, just one and it's all over. You start again. So here I am trying to stop myself from doing anything.

I'm baking brownies right now. Seriously, this is a first for me. I'm really doing anything I can to keep my mind off of it. I guess I could get plastered, but that's probably not the best approach either.

And I guess there's no point to this thread. Just trying to distract myself and try not to smoke again. I appreciate your patience and this can be deleted if needed.