DAY 23!!!!! I KNOW THE BEST WAY TO STOP SMOKING...plz read....

Im 35 and have smoked 20 a day for 16 years.Non stop.I have had children my eldest is now 12 and sadly I didn't give up during any pregnancy only cut down.luckily my children have all been fine, but it shows that not even having children made me give up them pathetic little sticks of crap!! They had a massive hold over me,I couldn't go without one for no longer than couple of hours,and was beginning to chain smoke in the evening,I new my addiction was getting worse.I was low on money and fed up of buying a pack everyday, I evn started going to a diff shop as the cashier new what I was coming in for and said I should give up everytim I bought some, this just peed me off more and made me want to smoke more,even tho I secretly agreed with the cashier deep down,I just didn't want to listen to myself or the cashier.I was getting to the point that every time I lit up I was thinking here we go again, yet another one.I hated myself for smoking,but enjoyed it also,it was so weird.one day I decided to buy an e cig,but when I first used it,I hated it,I had 
A extremely painful toothache at the time and the taste of the e cig made me feel sick, so I stopped using it. Couple of days later,toothache sorted I tried the e cig again,I used it and smoked only 5 cigarettes a day for 3 days,I then decided the next day I wasn't going to buy any more tobacco cigs,and I haven'tsince, i bought an e cigarette that you can charge with tobacco and cherry flavour cartridges and have used this for 23 days. On first day I started to use a stop smoking app ( smoke free beta) wich has helped also. I love using the e cigarette now and I hope I never go back to smoking tobacco cigarettes.I just think e cigs should of been available years ago. They really do work. If u research about them it's not only interestin it could possibly save you, it could give you a life without those stinky sticks. I have had a couple of days where I thought of going to the shop to buy some because I strangely missed it,but this was just a feeling that soon passed. If I can do it,anyone can, I was completely addicted,badly.I never thought I'd b able stop.but it can be done.fair play if u go cold turkey but I believe that it's to much for the body to cope with all at once which might b y it fails most people. Trust me,buy an e cig and url soon forget bout real cigs.just tell urself they don't sell em anymore and ur e cig is the new cigarette out,that there is no option. Good luck 