Just back from hols - wasn't even tempted!

Quick post cos I just want to share how proud and happy I am to have come back feeling like a confirmed non-smoker. I don't think I was really *worried* about the holiday, but more *aware* that it could be a trigger so I was watching out for it.

See, I also quit drinking a couple of months before my smoking quit - I'm not an alcoholic or even a frequent/problem drinker, I just decided it wasn't for me anymore, and as a bonus it has really helped with the smoking quit too.

However I still allow myself the odd drink on special occasions - and this holiday was for my brother's wedding, so that definitely qualifies! A big gang of family and friends had travelled for it, so it was a bit of a party week. For most of the week I stayed sober, and was very happy that the socialising itself didn't trigger any cravings, even as more and more people were smoking the later each night got - I was mindful of my own reactions to seeing people smoke, but wasn't tempted in the slightest.

On the wedding day itself, I made the conscious decision to jump off the wagon and drink for the day, which I must admit I really enjoyed. It was nice to let loose and get a bit tipsy (well okay, a bit drunk) to celebrate the big event, but the one mild worry at the back of my mind was that alcohol - for me as with many of you - has always been the biggest trigger for smoking. So even more than usual, I was mindful of myself and was looking out for any cravings so that they wouldn't catch me with my guard down. I wanted to deal with them as they happened and stick to my quit. But to my absolute joy, the cravings never came!! I was definitely drunk - not in a bad way, just a happy way - and I was consciously observing people smoking for the whole night, was even in direct conversation with smokers at various points. Every time I saw a cigarette I checked in with myself, asking "there's someone else smoking, do I want one? is there any temptation I need to deal with?" - and the answer was always NO!!!

This feels like the final hurdle for me - I know that I cannot ever let my guard down completely and that cravings can catch you unawares at any time, but drinking has always been my biggest obstacle to quitting, and now I am delighted that I did have a few drinks, had an absolutely great night, and the night wasn't marred in any way by any temptation to smoke. I am an actual non-smoker and it's looking like it's going to stay that way! Woohoooooo!!! :)