The power of associations

Went out for dinner tonight with a friend I haven't seen in a couple of months - since before I stopped smoking anyway, and yep, he's an old smoking buddy. I'm nearly at 5 weeks now, and since week 1 it has really been mostly easy sailing, I hardly think about smoking and don't miss it at all. I guess I haven't been hanging out with smoker friends recently, and I did start a new uni course at the time I quit, which definitely helped - new life, new habits etc.

But I was still surprised today at the cravings that popped up out of nowhere!

We were texting final details for meeting up, and he had been off the smokes too, but he texted saying "oops I've had a bad day and bought a pack" - he's going through a rough period right now and hey, everyone is on their own journey so I ain't judging, I just said "aw okay, well it's been over a month for me so don't expect me to jump off the wagon with you!" Which of course he didn't - but I was amazed that in that moment, just the thought of hanging out with him, knowing that he'd be smoking, made me want one!! Like, reeeeally want one.

We've always known each other as smokers, and each of us has ended up enabling/bumming off each other during/after previous weak quit attempts, so as soon as I knew he had bought a pack my mind started thinking "well if he's doing it maybe I can".

Long story short, we ended up having a lovely dinner and catch-up - he smoked and I didn't (yay!) - but those cravings were there all evening, much more so than over the last 4 weeks! 

I guess my very long-winded point is that, even though I thought I was over the worst of it, all it took was one person with whom I have associations of smoking to trigger more cravings - they're not even all that powerful in their own right at this stage, but because I haven't really had too many over the last few weeks, they seem more powerful, if that makes sense? Made me realise that no matter how far we've come, that bastard nicotine monster can rear his ugly head at any time and drag us back down the cesspit.

tl;dr - never let your guard down!