A visual for the long range deadly consequences of smoking.

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=44kBN340vd4

Was pretty impacted by a recent poster here describing his aged loved one suffering the consequences of smoking. And 40 years after he quit, he still got Lung cancer. He described it as a warning and a tragedy.

The video is best started at 2:41 to best understand the point I'm trying to make.

Gandalf in his old age begins a battle with the Balrog. Gandalf seemingly defeats the demon, sending it down to the never ending depths of nothingness. But wait, the falling Balrog has one more unanticipated trick up his sleeve. Gandalf prematurely turns away believing he has defeated the hell demon. As the demon falls, his doom certain, he lashes his hell-fire whip one last time. With a crack, Gandalfs ankle is clasped and he is captured and brought down with the Balrog.

Us young smokers think we can do it up and abuse our youth and health with impunity. Doesn't work this way. I'm 33 and've been smoking heavily since 21. If I get to 60, I'm guaranteed a lesser quality of life compared with if I had always been a non-smoker, health-wise. 

Sure quitting will improve health. The Lord of The Rings visual, to me, shows how your past, (Balrog/Smoking) is just like the unanticipated whip that in our smoke free old age catches us for the damage we caused ourselves through smoking in our youth. 

It's scary to think about the frailty of old age knowing full well how hard smoking is on the body even at 33. I know this is not on topic, per se, but if you follow it, the conclusion will make sense.

Lots of you readers have seen the reddit posts from former obese people who decided to get fit and've lost considerable weight. They slimmed down, seriously and positively affected their health, vitality and life expectancy too. Obesity will stretch your skin. The ability for the skin to "unstretch" when the weight is lost is not possible. The deformity can only be mended by cosmetic/plastic surgery. Us smokers have done similar to our bodies and most specifically to our lungs. I'm talking to heavy, habitual smokers. 

Only so much healing and repair are our bodies capable of. The damage IS done and while quitting now is good, total restoration is probably most unlikely. The sooner quit,  the better. 

Having the knowledge of a senior loved one having quit 40 years prior and STILL getting lung cancer is sobering. That demon Balrog you thought was a defeated thing of the past just might come and bite you in the ass and drag you to hell long after you've believed it was behind you. 

The misdeeds of youth. We're degrading our future selves.