My perception of cigarettes is changing over the years

I had my 500 day badge a year back. It was great. Too bad i slipped up and went back. Had a good few months messing around with cigs again. Im so happy that i managed to quit again. Quitting used to be so hard. But this time it was actually easy compared to the other times. It was a real struggle and i'd get really restless and it would feel almost like pain. But this time i just dared myself to see if i could go a week or 2 without cigs. It was more like lets just see how addicted i am right now. And time kinda flew by. Being distracted by what i was focusing on at the time helped i guess. And not needing to be around people who smoke or drink.

So here we are now. Im having one of those days where cigarettes enter your mind (either see someone smoking or hear about it or whatever) and i remember that i even quit. Its funny how after a long time passes you forget your even ever needed to smoke. And you check your badge and see that number. I have to say the badge counter is one of the greatest motivators to keep going. Especially when you forget about it and come back and there another month on it. Just looks great and feels amazing.

Where was i... Yea i just had cigs in my mind again and i started thinking about how i viewed the whole things a few years ago versus now. Before my big 500 day quit i used to think theres no way it would work. Because i always thought of myself as that guy with a cig in his hand. Anytime something great is happening theres just this image of a nice cig to go with it. So it was difficult to think a quit could last a lifetime. So i figured if i did manage to quit it might end a few years down the line. Im only 24 and when i hear about people quitting its mostly fathers who realise they have to quit to be around to watch their children grow up. So i just had this idea in my head that its unrealistic to want to quit at such a young age when theres so much left to do. And since almost everyone i knew smoked it seems like i could maybe do a year or 2 but down the line something is going to happen. My lifestyle might change. And cigarettes might be a part of it again. But...

Now when i think of it yea sure if i didnt care and just went along and smoked life might be a little more fun. But what ive learned over all these quits is that being a non smoker is quite convenient. You have so much extra energy and time to focus on other things. You dont have to disrupt what youre doing because you dont enjoy what youre doing anymore because its been a few hours and you would rather have a smoke than do anything else you love.

I could sit here an list a thousand things thats great about not smoking. It would take forever and i keep finding out new things all the time. Theres definitely way more good that comes from quitting. The only pro for smoking is that its kinda nice.... but to be honest its just the nicotine. Cigs are actually nasty once you get away from them. And if you wanted something kinda nice believe me theres a just about anything else you could try. Its the 21st century. There are smartphones and shit. You can listen to music pretty much anywhere you are. Get on reddit if youre really that bored. And you wont be killing yourself in the process.

Over all my quits my memory of what cigs mean to me is changing. I used to think cigarettes went too well with me and i'd end up in hell again. But now i feel lucky and blessed anytime i think of cigs. Thank god i dont have to be a slave. Its not worth the trouble. Too much work honestly. Worst trade deal in history of trade deals! Maybe ever!