Im saddened to have to reset my 500 day badge

Its been so long ive forgotten what cigs were even about . After half a pack in 2 days im going to try and see if i can go a week without them. Not sure if im quitting but just as an experiment. Is it even possible.

Its quite remarkable that i was able to go more than a year without cigarettes. I dont wanna pat myself on the back but i really made myself believe that they had a million downsides and really no upsides. I see smoking as giving up. Its just going to kill me. Im sure we can find something in this world to do that is kinda nice yet doesnt kill us. Doesnt cost us a fortune and have the bad smell and texture. And the final nail in the coffin has to be the control it has over you. The cigarettes dictate whether you are having fun. You could be doing any fun activity but if you havent smoked in a bit you cant really enjoy yourself until youve had your fix. No one enjoys having to leave a cinema to suck on a death stick.

I sometimes envy those who have never been roped into smoking. Its like they live in a world where this cancer was never invented. I would love to be in a world without cigarettes. I was in that world. I managed to quit and not even be tempted for so long. I thought it was over.

This post is a collection of comments ive made here over the last few days. The one week trial i intended to have didnt go as planned. Now im hardly even stopping myself. Just had another and im probably gonna have more in a bit.

Best of luck to everyone young or old. I hear stories of people finally quitting when theyre in their 40s. I knew it would be tough to stay away for ever given that im so young and in my 20s.

One take away from this is that if ever manage to quit for a long time i will try my best to not make the godawful mistake of thinking i could just have one. Eventhough ive been so good. And dont even remember what it felt like. "Just one cig" is the most naive thing you can say to yourself. Certain places or feelings may make us crave a cig more than anything. Like an amazing view at the beach or a nice cup of coffee. There has to be away to not fall for those traps.

Best of luck.