My 7 day quit seems too easy, but after lessons from 100 other fake quits, maybe it had to happen

OK, it's still early, 7 days, 1 hour, 53 min.  I quit many many many times before.  This time I posted a pre-quit post here about my failing health.  A few days later I quit.  Maybe posting my intention had something to do with my commitment??  It (to me) is a mostly mental war.

Whatever the reason, I will never smoke again.  And I'm kinda strong about never smoking.  A strong I never knew every other time I quit.  (my first post mentioned a hint of my failing health)

Previous times I had a hidden supply of cigs, ecigs and a way to help me fail.  This time I did it with no backup, I did it cause I want to live and breathe.  I told you guys I would count down the 2 packs I had and that was it.  AND I DID IT!!!!!!!  7 days so far and really no temptation, I really did it.

Can someone explain to me why I have no physical withdrawal symptoms and why it was so easy to flip the switch on the mental addiction.  At the computer in the morning, it has hardly come up, and when it has, it takes a microsecond to remind myself I DO NOT SMOKE ANYMORE.  Playing music and having a few beers this weekend still didn't make me want one.  I don't get it - but I am so thankful for whatever it is...

HAAAAA - I honestly said out loud "FUCK YOU" and gave the finger to my desk ashtray when it went into the garbage pail.  I really did.

No withdrawal seems weird to me.  It seems - like the 100 other times I quit - that this time the devil isn't whispering in my ear to light up.  Every other time it seemed my body had a say.  But not now!  Seven days and no real evidence of physical withdrawal.  It seems like I just got tired of 40 years and my resolve cancelled out any addiction.  Does that make sense??  

The last time I quit it was OK if I bummed a cig tomorrow , or finished a 3 puff butt in the ashtray, to kinda feed the nicotine fix. WELL NOT NOW.  My brain made a rule of no more cigs.  And my brain has impressed me so far - think I'll keep it!

(I know it's only a week, but please don't goof on me for wanting to boast.  YAAAAAAAY ME!!

I just survived a weekend with musicians, booze &amp; cigs by basically not even being tempted.  I'm baffled because the hundred other times I quit, I'd want to finish the butt in the ashtray.  But not now.  For some reason I haven't had ANY temptations - probably because this is tied to not coughing, not being out of breath. But, serious, when I made the decision, there has not been one serious temptation, I don't get it.  But, YAAAAAAAAAY, I'm not a smoker!!

I think something inside me realized my health overrides the wanting one puff like the addict I used to be - I honestly have no desire to ever have a puff again.  I know that one puff means being a smoker again.  I'm not a smoker anymore - and

Thanks for listening to my trip, thanks for the support and thanks for years of posts that got me to this point.  Wish me luck!