Seriously need help - my health is at risk and it may be too late - HELP ME!

Male, 62, smoker since age 15.  I've quit many dozens of times, sometimes for a few days or just a few hours.  Once for 10 months.  One cig backstage at a concert got me back into it a dozen years ago and I've quit for a few hours every once in a while since.  I smoke a pack and a half of little filter cigars a day (a dollar a pack).  (worse than regular Marlboros?)

ANY menial physical activity results in shortness of breath.  Taking a shower requires me to sit afterwards, same thing working in my shop for 15 minutes standing up and active - then sitting/recovering while I have a smoke while I catch my breath.  Often I have convulsive fits of coughing, while I have a cig in my hand.  Then I take another drag between coughs.  

I know it is affecting my health big time. I often light one up and say to myself "QUIT NOW"  Yet I'm still about to order another 5 cartons tomorrow.  

HELP!!!!!!!!!!

I have no one to talk to.

I understand the risks and KNOW that smoking is giving me serious and probably irreversible health problems, but the devil on my shoulder keeps me from committing to quitting.  Almost every time I light up, my inner voice reminds me I'm killing myself, but the devil on my shoulder sparks the lighter...

I realize I need help, so here I am asking you how can I beat this?  I'm smart but also dumb.  Why do I continue this vile habit when there are so many indications that it is having a major affect on my health, my business and my life?  Major health problems.  Why do I know I should never light up another one but I still do, even when my inner voice says no?

The slightest physical exertion for a few minutes means I need to sit down and catch my breath. I'm afraid to go to a doctor and see if it's too late.  I know this will kill me, but even though I try, there is something making me order the new supply of cigs and kinda hoping to one day wake up dead.  Depression plays a role, which sucks and adds to the equation.

I'm disabled, can't drive and I'm kinda the new guy in a new town with no real friends and stuck at home with only a dog to talk to.  Nobody to ask for help unless I type to strangers.  Yes, a complicated situation, but tonight I decided to do something and ask for help here from you fine folks who may have some insight and answers.  I really want to quit, but something still makes me fire up another cancer stick, another coffin nail...

HELP?

Well reddit, here's my first step to ask for help.  How do I fix myself and say goodbye to smoking and start to heal myself? I kinda believe the physical part is easier to conquer than the mental part.  I light up for no reason, just habit, often on Reddit and often chain smoking.

It sucks being a slave to smoking, but tonight I realized maybe I need to ask for help to stay alive and I'm hoping this is the place.  A first step I guess, but I honestly feel I will die if I don't stop.  

cough, cough, COUGH

(I usually don't check Reddit till late night)

[Angus dog tax](http://imgur.com/xWgFRgE)