1 year and a half today thanks to Allen Carr. Biggest lesson learnt to never relapse- never smoke not even 1 puff. My life changed drastically.

After being a smoker for 19 years and trying to quit many times, never successfully for more than a few hours, I finally made it thanks to the Alen Carr book The easy way to stop smoking.

That book had been sitting on a shelf for over a decade and I never paid much attention to it until one night I couldn't sleep, went through the books I had yet to red and picked the Allen Carr one. 

At first I thought I'd skimmed through a few pages see what it was about, but I wound up reading it in a few hours. I never believed it even read any self help books so I thought this one would be mambo jambo.

As I read the book I stopped feeling the need to smoke. If the book brainwashed me, good on me for having such a weak brain. But it cured me. I completely stopped smoking. Keep in mind I read the book late at night and although I didn't smoke for the rest of the night, I was sure I'd be a smoker again as soon as I woke up. But then the next day arrived and I went on about my day without thinking of cigarettes or needing to smoke.

Foward a couple of weeks later, and I think Oh well I've quit smoking so it will be ok if I smoke a few puffs here and then, just after lunch and with my morning and afternoon coffee. Big mistake. I went from a couple of puffs -that I didn't want nor enjoy and I have no clue why I did it- to smoking a packet, packet and a half a day in less than a month. 

So again I go reach for my book, thinking there's no way it's gonna work a second time, so I read it, quit on the spot and go happy about my life as an ex-smoker. Foward another couple of weeks and I think, hey if I'm not a smoker what harm can it do if I give it a few pufs?

You can guess where the story is going. It went from a couple of puffs to half a cigarette to a cigarette to 4 to 10 to a packet and a half. 

So I go get the book again, read it, thinking there's no way in hell this is gonna work a third time. I finished reading it and quit on the spot again. I realised if I wantd to call it quits for good, I could never give it a single puff ever again, and so I didn't. In a few hours it will be a year and half since I completely quit. 

The best thing is not the money I've saved, it's being free from addiction and achieving something I thought could never happen to me. Funny enough, and not sure if related, shortly after quitting, I stopped drinking coffee, stopped eating junk food and my whole life changed, I started running, started eating healthy, as in it wasn't much a conscious decission as in my body craving fruit and veggies, fish, etc. I stopped craving fries, chips, sodas, chocolate, lost 3 stones, sleep better, stopped snoring, my teeth adn nails look better, so does my skin, and I feel awesome.

Also,  I never want to be one of those people that convert to something and shove it down people's throats, and I don't wanna be pushy, but when asked about this radical change in my life, I always point them towards the book. I see it this way, the worst thing that can happen is that you waste 4 hours of your time reading the book, but in the best case, you quit smoking. It's worth a try. 

