My honest, raw post about stopping smoking. 300+ days. Thank you all of you here!

Fireworks lit the sky hazily, I am hurled to the balcony of my flat by some of my   friends?, or friends of a friend?. I don’t recall exactly. And there it was offered to me to celebrate the moment. I took it. But I do not remember if I trashed it?. Wait! I think I did not take it. Whatever it was I am pretty sure I did not smoke that day.

It was 1st January 2017, some 12.02 am ish I suppose. Just couple of hours before we were in a pub. I was high that time as I had already gulped a good number of beer bottles and had smoked cigarettes incessantly throughout the day. I did not know if it was the frustration of a year so bad that it had brought me to the utter lowest point in my life.

I still remember the call to my dad where I  teared up and almost called it quits on my job and life here in Bangalore. Maybe I was badly bit by the existential crisis dog. I won’t go further on the details of it. To put it simply, life sucked that year. To somehow cope up with the shit that my life had become, I suppose I latched on to the one fun thing I’d do when I got happily drunk with friends.

Smoking Cigarettes.



Cigarette smoking is one sneaky bastard, the transformation from that little innocent fun, thrill activity to the gigantic monster addiction it is, is very real and fast. Most of the times people try it out due to peer pressure, to gain conformity from others. Youngsters often do it to establish that they are a grown up, be rebellious (while in reality they are being very stupid) . And there are the rest who try it because it looks cool or we have been told so by our pop culture. We all have seen a gazillion number of movie posters with the protagonist smoking. Isn’t it?

Initially I mouth fagged (I think everybody starts like that) till some dude told me that’s not how you entirely fuck your lungs up. There was this one creepy time where I was realizing that this shit was getting real as I had started smoking more often. I panicked, I joined a gym so that I could mitigate or whatever. A month and a fortnight tops, I was back to kissing cigarettes all over again.

Since times immemorial tobacco smoking was a major pastime of our ancestors and only after 19th century tobacco sale was legalized and mass production of cigarettes ensued. This led to the rise of the giant tobacco industries like

Altria formerly Philip Morris International.
British American Tobacco
and a couple of others who have the quadropoly over the cigarette market.

These companies have shelled out billions of dollars to market cigarettes as an elite “habit“. Using the mainstream media, cinema and pop stars they have hammered the same idea over and over again  roughly for 40-50 years or so. The idea that cigarettes relax you, provide you comfort and can be a crutch in your hard times. When scientific evidence hinting smoking as the link to many cancer related diseases surfaced in the 70’s, they even have tried to fool their consumers by hiring scientists to provide doubt inducing evidence. They were and are involved in many high level legal lawsuits which they pretty much swing it their way by flexing their cash laden arms.

The result you ask?

Smoking: World’s single greatest preventable cause of death.

Coming back to my ordeal with smoking. I tried. I honestly more than just a couple of times. I could go on for 5 , sometimes 10 days. All it took was a headache inspiring meeting at the office, rain, traffic, boredom, a dude or a chick smoking. I honestly don’t know why a chick smoking would boil my blood to the roof and I would say to myself “If she is smoking, why the fuck am I not smoking?”. Weird shit, Right? Maybe it is possibly because cigarettes are so marketed as a manly thing, so it probably got my male ego butt hurt real bad.

The funny thing is once you falter, that “one last puff” you promise yourself, the addiction inflates to its original form. You go back to smoking whatever number you smoked earlier.

Strolling the tech park roads at the office, walking all the way down to the front gate every couple of hours, observing the traffic, puffing the smoke away , sipping cheap tea from a paper cup, in front of a dusty roadside shop. At those times, boy! did the painful realization that I had become a smoker would hit me. I would feel that uneasiness, guilt and self-hatred all at once, I would finish the latter half of both the cigarette and tea promising myself that this was the last one.

Of course. There were numerous last ones.

My diet was at a complete toss. Life to me had become about the next cigarette. Each meal merely served as an impediment to the next cigarette. So I would carelessly shove stuff in my mouth and go for that elusive two minutes of thrill.

So much so is the cultural acceptance of smoking is what baffles me sometimes. Imagine a cocaine or a heroin addict injecting the drug several times a day. The very picture induces a pity in us. The point being a cocaine or heroin addict is depraved and doing something illegal and somehow smoking is fancier? probably marketing magic it must be as I said earlier. Nicotine is also a drug and what smoking is, is not really a bad habit or even a habit for Christ’s sake.

It is a drug addiction. Nicotine Addiction.

How do you keep away from an addiction that is trying to lure you into its trap every turn and corner of the road? You understand the addiction, you try to know its inner workings. Once you dissect and analyze for what it is, that is when you get a clear picture and direction about what to do next.

So began the desperate internet searches to get rid of this monster. Those horrifying mornings when I would feel tobacco angina pectoris (aka chest pain) fueled my search for a cure. After much investigation, finally around the first week of December 2016. The stopsmoking subreddit on Reddit led me to Allen Carr. His book Easy Way to Stop Smoking abolished most of my blind beliefs on smoking, made me aware of the nicotine addiction, the psychological brainwashing of the masses done by the tobacco companies. Strangely enough, he encourages you to smoke throughout when you’re reading the book and then tells you to light up a last one in the last chapter of the book.

Ellen DeGeneres, Ashton Kutcher, Richard Branson have stopped smoking successfully using this book. And definitely the book has helped me a ton.

The second week of December 2016 I  finished the book. The third week I did not smoke. But then 2016 was not a kind year to me personally so I thought let me get through with it anyway and hence I continued smoking till the 31st night. But I knew what I was doing and I had this iron resolve that the year 2017 would be a much brighter one but clear of the smoke. 😉

It has been one till now, by God’s grace. But the road has not been smooth. The revelations by the book and my determination were so strong that first two weeks of January passed as a breeze. You get this mucus, cold and stuff in the first weeks you quit because your respiratory system tries to get rid of the tar.

I had made this practice of smoking while I was going back to home from office. So at the third week, I started getting crazy urges, headache, irritation and nausea every evening. I panicked that I will fall back, so I purchased a fitness band to remind me every time my resolve.

Strangely somehow it helped me to pass the third and fourth weeks. My sweet friends who smoked did not help me in any way. I don’t blame them because I so understood why they did what they did.

So over a month under my belt, I thought things were smooth and fine. My appetite skyrocketed. I started to eat anything and everything under the sun. But then it hit me, the gastrointestinal pains, abnormal stools and improper digestion. Thoughts of going back to smoking to end this pain flashed. I braved just enough not to succumb to the temptation.

One does not realize, it is not just the lungs cigarette smoking messes with. It upsets your oral health, skin and the digestive system. My cheeks had pinkish rashes due to the smoke.

Of course all these bad effects of cigarettes and obviously cancer, everybody knows!.Esp. with those disgusting posters of cancer ridden throats and lungs on the cigarette packets and disclaimers and Government health department ads.

Are people stupid then?

Well, the problem here is that the bad effects of cigarettes are what we know consciously. But subconsciously the message of cigarette smoking through movies, peers and elders is an entirely different story. It has always been cool, dope, rebellious, chilling, relaxing boo blah and stuff. You get it, right? See!, after all we are all not that smart and rational as we think we are. We are fucking stupid and dumb, slaves to our impulses and emotions. That is what the marketing and tobacco companies have capitalized on. Our insecurities and emotions.

Yes we are dumb and stupid yet what we humans have is, the innate ability to understand, evolve and adapt. To learn from our failures, mistakes and our own shortcomings. That is what I have tried to do this year. To get rid of what was making my life messier. And NO! just because everyone else is doing it does not make it okay. We esp. youth have this tendency to look cool, you know do super shit like that. It is not cool at all. It is not bad either. It is just plain fucking stupid.

To Mom and Dad, if you happen to read this some day. Sorry.

To those who want to stop. It is easy. I have done it. Been to numerous concerts, events, pubs and bar. Not have faltered even once. What you need to understand is that more than the will it is the eye to detect bullshit served to us by the society. To realize, focus and direct our energies and do things that are meaningful to us.

The [link](https://rakeshhorkeri.wordpress.com/) to my original blog post.

Thanks a ton guys and keep up the good work!!