A class assignment helped me quit

I'm in my final year of grad school and one of our assignments was to pick up and finish a book that is on our shelves. I opted to read the Easyway. No strings attached and at best I would quit my 18 year habit of smoking nearly a pack a day. A few days ago I had a panic attack, which are often spurred by knowing I am ruining my health, and in that moment decided that I wouldn't smoke again. I've been here before but now I had a book I needed to read. No time like right then. 

I stayed up late and read halfway. In the morning I picked it up and finished it. It really helped with my cravings (I had already quit before I read it) and has been useful in my effort. I'm going on 3 days now and doing it alone. Three people know that I've quit and all of them are non-smokers. I'm definitely needing more support at this point. This is a big deal to me. I feel very emotional about it for a variety of reasons. It's letting go of something that's toxic to me, symbolic of my teenage years and stupidity, though cigarettes have always been there. 

I don't miss planning my day around smoking. I don't miss hiding it from everyone around me - no one in my graduate program or at work knows I smoke. I don't miss taking multiple showers a day to keep my secret hidden. At the same time, since no one knows, I don't exactly feel confident in shouting it from the rooftop to garner support. So, I come to you r/stopsmoking, because I have lurked here for years hoping to one day be one of you. Now I am. 

I've overcome many hurdles, but this is one that I am the most proud of. More so than earning an advanced degree. 

As it happens I did quit during a time that wasn't ideal. I smoke when I'm bored or upset. I've been home all week and my best friend is moving tomorrow. I'm doing alright! I'm still fighting the urge! This has been a great test to my resilience. Anyway, it's been a bit rocky and I wonder when I'll feel like I'm out of the woods. At what point did you feel safe from the addiction, habit, or infancy of quitting? 

I'm looking forward to being more active here and utilizing the support that's offered. You all are amazing. 

