Now is the time. Just my ramblings on quitting, which I feel like right now

Hi people. I have looked through this subreddit for a few days, trying to gather a little more motivation. Im really liking how people in here act towards each other! To strangers they dont even know.

So now Im sitting at work, having the feeling I should quit. Why now? It just feels right. Its really that simple, now is the time when it feels right. Of course the thought have been there before, but I always had some excuse not to quit, or simply liked smoking too much. I probably still like it, but now I want to quit.

Ive been smoking since I was 14, Im 32 now. Thats more than half my life! I dont even want to think of how much money I have spent on smoking, Im very certain its a lot. At times, the thought of what I could have had instead, fills my mind. More adventure mostly, cause I really want to go on adventure, see the world and so on. Getting a bit off topic here. Bottom line is, I wanna save those money.

In the many years I have been a smoker, I have smoked around 10-15 a day. The last couple of weeks, this has gone up, I would say to around 20 a day. This is too much for me! But is it the right time, to just quit while at the highest number? Im thinking cutting down is a posiblity, but would actually rather just instantly quit, if Im going to.

So, I have had short quits before. In those experiences I have kind of needed a replacement. Like eating candy instead, which of course is also bad. Could be something else, but that was the go to choice at the time. Eating more might also happen, which is not a huge problem for me, as Im skinny already and do work out. It brings me back to another thought, will I really save the money if I quit, or just spend them on more food, candy and shit.

Well, Im going to stop this now, since its already long. If you made it here, Im impressed. I have no thought of what I expect to get out of this, just think I needed to scribble it down. Thank you for "listening". And to all of you who quit, stay strong, and the ones in my own situation, I wish you the best of luck.