I'm (30/F) 21 Days Cig Free after 16 Years, Some Helpful Advice

I've smoked cigarettes since I was 14, and though I mourn the loss like a loved-one, I still haven't gone back. 30 hit me like a ton of bricks, especially after they found a (hopefully benign) tumor in my rib. Here's some advice for anyone looking to quit:

1. I decided to quit while on vacation with my parents and my boyfriend. We went to Iceland for New Year's, and I figured that what with the jet lag, super cold weather, lack of normal routine, and three loved-ones there to hold me to it, it would be easier. IT WAS! I would say the thing that was most important was the lack of routine. Had I been at home, it would have killed me not to have my usual morning cigarette on the fire escape with my coffee. As it was, I was able to break my "cig routine" because my regular routine was all off, too. I highly recommend quitting when not in your natural habitat!

2. I read that it's important to find a new hobby, but "hobby" can be misleading. Sure, you may want to take up pottery after you've quit, but what the experts really mean is a little, tiny hobby, that can be done inexpensively, and most importantly, by yourself. I beg you all, please, choose something you can do daily by yourself! I chose skincare. Yep. Skincare. I decided to read a couple articles, figure out what order to apply products to my face, etc. Let me tell you: I am not the kind of gal who indulges in skincare or makeup, but it has been absolutely meditative for me. Think about it: You get about 10-15 minutes of alone time every morning and every night in the bathroom. Lock the door, pull your shit out, put it on your face. It's glorious. Which leads me to my next bit of advice!

3. Don't break all your habits. For most, cigarette smoking is not only nicotine. It's outdoor time. It's time to yourself. It's time to get away from people. Every time I wanted a cigarette, I took myself to the bathroom and locked the door, or, if it wasn't cold-as-balls in Iceland, outside for a 5 minute walk. Don't give up all the habits at once!

I hope these three bits of advice are helpful to someone. My defining factor was that I was a smoker, and these few things helped me immensely. Cheers to anyone even thinking of quitting smoking! 