What helped me...

The mental journey is the key to quitting.  There are several things that I contribute to making this the best, and final, quit.  18 days in, but seriously doing great.  Only 1  craving in last 5 days.  

Perception.  I didn't want to quit smoking - but I wanted to be a non-smoker.  I enjoyed smoking, it was social and a break from the stresses of life. So I didn't look at it as quitting smoking, I viewed it as always breathing clean air and being a non smoker.  

Took away the fear based reasons for quitting and focused on the immediate &amp; positive affects.  Increased time &amp; energy to live life and be more involved with my children, decrease in anxiety (seriously... It happened) and a cleaner life.  

Found evidence I could do it.  My aunt quit a year ago.  I've met 2 women that quit themselves within 5 years.  Hearing that others did it was a huge factor.  Don't know anyone?? People have stories on YouTube.  Won't be as affective as actually meeting someone, but better than nothing!  

YouTube. This was a big help!  Joel Spitzer, watch his videos.  He made sense to me.  Everyone is different, but he helped me.  Search for hypnosis or binaural beats for quitting smoking. Weird, I know. Can't say it helped, but can't say it didn't.  At the very least, it made me feel like I was doing something to help reach my goal, and it was easy.  I literally slept through it. Lol If these don't work for you, keep searching YouTube... There are thousands of videos to watch that might help.

Quit smoking app. I'm using Smoke Free.  It's free, they have daily missions (includes pre-quit missions) Extremely helpful.  Posting this is my daily mission lol
There's a diary and graphs to track your cravings, that records the details to help you identify triggers.  Health trackers to show you the positive effects your body is experiencing.  

#1 thing.  KNOW you can do this and don't doubt that. Ever.  The app will help you develop tools (mantras &amp; affirmations to help with this)