4 Quitting Smoking Interpretations of Lyrics

Bowling for Soup - Cold Shower Tuesdays

"She wanted in and I wanted out / And that's the last thing we talked about"

In order to quit successfully you need to recognize that all the urges and rationalizations you think of aren't you're true feelings and are instead a product of your addiction.

Metallica - All Nightmare Long

"Luck runs out"

First of all, when you quit smoking it's like going through a waking nightmare.  You can't think straight, you get thrown into confusion and you have to periodically deal with bouts of fear.

You go back and forth between difficult and easy phases, and when you're on an easy phase a difficult phase is inevitable.  The lyric "Luck runs out" doesn't mean you give up and fail but instead it's the recognition that an easy phase has ended and a difficult phase has begun.  When you reach that point you need to rally the troops so to speak and bust through all those mental barriers telling you you can't do it.

Metallica - St. Anger

"I'm madly in anger with you" (Repeated)

Here there are 2 speakers who keep saying they are madly in anger with the other person.  When you get the urge to give in you need to assert your decision not to give in in response to the urge.  Just like an argument the stronger the urge is to give in the stronger your decision needs to be to reject it.  You need to trigger the fight response as opposed to the flight response and if nothing else state the opposite of whatever the urge is, for example "I can't do it" --&gt; "I can do it" or "I'll never make it to tomorrow" --&gt; "I can make it to tomorrow" and so on.  Once you state the opposite you need to prove you're right by not giving in.

Paramore - Looking Up

"I can't believe we almost hung it up / We're just getting started"

Fast and strong urges send you reeling and throw you into a bout of confusion.  You need to ground your thinking with objective reasoning and assert your decision not to give in.  If you experience a momentary lapse of judgement you need to snap out of it and reverse that decision.  After you reject the urge to give in you'll have to tolerate the following strain, and upon getting over the peak you'll realize that at that time you had only just started to fight.