It's the little things that are keeping me going...

Three-day hump, I am OVER you. My Since iQuit app says it's been 3 days, 11 hours, 27 minutes and a bunch of seconds since my last cigarette, and I feel amazing. After I faltered, stumbled and cursed myself on Tuesday, I decided to jump right back onto the horse (as it were) and refuse to let a slip-up get me down. 

The hardest part so far has been trying to fill the little bits of time that I used to dedicate towards smoking. First thing in the morning I would get up, switch on the kettle and have a smoke while I waited for it to boil. Now I read the news on my iPod and put away any clean crockery from the night before. At work when I feel like I need to get away from my desk for a few minutes, I'll stand up, stretch, and go and fill my water glass. In the kitchen I'll usually spot someone to say hi to, and that fills the time nicely. After meals I get started straight away on the washing up and cleaning, and before bed I listen to some nice music to wind down. It's amazing just how long a day can be sometimes :)

As well as just keeping busy, I've been trying to focus on the other benefits besides the obvious "big" ones, which really helps:

1. Food tastes AMAZING. The first time I realised this was when I was at work tucking into my morning snack of an apple and some almonds. I bit into the apple and it was so juicy, sweet and... just gorgeous. I must have looked like a freak when I suddenly went wide-eyed (I imagine it was like the scene in Ratatouille when Ego tasted his meal) and exclaimed "THIS APPLE IS FANTASTIC". Well, it was!

2. Oh wow, my laundry detergent smells really nice.

3. Hey, I've never run that far without gasping for breath before.

4. Ooh, so that's what colour my fingers should be.

5. It looks cold on the balcony. Good thing I don't need to go and stand out there.

I imagine that this is when the long-term struggle starts, but I'm going to keep focusing on all of the small benefits I notice so that I will remain determined. It also helps that my husband quit a day before I did (he's away for work right now and we'd planned to quit on the same day, but due to a bit of confusion with time zones he started slightly earlier) so he's been able to give me a preview of what the next day or so has to bring. 

Stay strong people, we can totally do this!