Stopping by for my one year anniversary! (Long post)

Hi everybody.  As the title states, it's been an entire year since my last cigarette.  I've been here the whole time, mostly as a lurker.  Reading people's successes really helped, as well as reading people's struggles helped remind me that this is never really over, you never stopped quitting.

One thing I learned is that everybody's quit is different.  Some just decide to up and stop, like quitting is no big deal, many of us need to work at it a little more, so here's my story in case it helps anybody.

So like everybody else I have quit (or tried to quit) a couple times before this.  I even read Alan Carr's book, which didn't help (and that name is the only thing left in this world that makes me want a cigarette since so many people refuse to believe that is's possible that you can read the book and not immediately quit).  I've tried the gum which didn't help, cold turkey which "worked" a few times, but obviously not long, and I tried ecigs (Blu), which kept me off of the real ones for about a week, until I was too lazy to buy replacement carts and just bought a real pack.

Then I tried vaping.  *But you just said you tried Blu*.  Well, to me, the cigalikes (Blu, MarkTen, etc) and the refillable tanks/mods are completely different.  I went to the local store because my girlfriend was interested in trying them.  I decided to buy one to support her.  Well, I immediately cut down from a pack a day to half a pack a day, and slowly removed one  each day.  By the time I was down to one for the day, I didn't even like it.  When I realized my "real one" was a chore, I knew it was time (past time really).

So yes, I vape.  I know it can be a contentious subject here, but please , if you are going to lecture me about vaping, [kfo](http://www.urbandictionary.com/define.php?term=kfo).  I don't miss the damn things one bit.  If anything, I'm curious to see if I'd even like them anymore, but I never try, because there's no upside.  Either I hate them (which is good), and I just inhaled a lungful of nasty.  Or I love them, and I have to start the whole thing over.

My advise to anybody isn't to start vaping (that's something you would need to research and decide for yourself), but to know what you need, and what you can do.  Is it just the nicotine?  Then maybe cold turkey and sweating it out will do.  Is it the rituals?  You need to know you.  You never stop quitting, and if you relapse after a month, look at it as 600 cigarettes you didn't smoke and try again.  Your lungs don't care what time it is, so quit *now*, not in the morning.  If you slip, restart *now*, not next week.  There's no crutches in quitting, anything you do to quit (well, maybe not heroine or crystal meth, etc) is fair game.

Good luck to everybody and congratulations on your success so far!