On Absolute Abstinence

I'm just posting this to see if my experience quitting smoking is similar to others; sometimes, especially with something like quitting, it's nice to know your experience isn't unique.

So, a bit about me:
- Just about 25, smoked for 6 years
- 1/2 pack a day habit
- "Quit" a few times (took a few 1-4 month breaks but relapsed)
- REALLY enjoyed smoking.
- Haven't bought a pack in about 8 months.

I made the decision to quit when I graduated college and moved back home with my parents (let's give up a round of applause for Sallie Mae and her determination to collapse the housing market!).  The folks knew I smoked and respected the fact that I made my own decisions (from what I understand that's a rare quality to be found in conservative parents and I consider myself blessed in that respect), they just asked that I didn't smoke on their property.  You have to understand here: literally no one, in my immediate or extended family, smokes.  That's probably 120+ people when I consider both sides of the family.  And my parents never talked about it to anyone, just to respect my privacy. When I moved back in with them, the guilt I had when I did smoke was overwhelming, probably due to how nice they were about the subject.
  
One weekend I got really sick with the flu, to the point that smoking was impossible.  I decided to ride out the withdrawal along with the flu in the hopes that my body confused all the terrible pain, shakes, and irritability as nothing more than flu symptoms.

It worked, for about a month.  During that month, I picked up the RJ Reynolds answer to e-cigs: the Vuse.  I probably spent upwards of $150 on that piece of shit, because it was, in all honesty, amazing close to the real thing without being a cigarette.  It was harsh; oh, beautifully so.  The taste wasn't half bad compared to other gas station alternatives, and the head-high was there, especially when I was drinking.

When I realized how much I was spending I switched to one of those larger coil type vape pens, a Kangertech or something, and I was disgusted.  It was like carrying around a hookah, complete with the on-a-laptop-in-Starbucks type hipster feeling I got every time I used it in public.  Compared to pulling out a smoke, flicking my trusty Zippo, and taking a drag, this awkward mechanical piece of crap forced me to pull for a good eight seconds before I got anything, which resulted in a cloud dense enough to constitute a driving hazard.  I spent 70 bucks on that thing plus a few flavor drips (or whatever you call them) as a present to myself for getting a decent job/not smoking real cigs, and I'm just kicking myself over such a poor purchase decision.

So I stopped using it.  It's just collecting dust about ten feet from where I'm sitting now, and I don't miss it.  And because I've used that, and another e-cig prior, I really don't feel like I miss smoking.  But deep down, I know I do.  I still have dreams about smoking that are just as satisfying as the real thing, and I wake up feeling some weird, smug sense of superiority knowing that I just enjoyed a cigarette without actually having one.  

I feel like I'm really done for good.  Here's the thing, though: on occasion, I'll accept a cigarette from a friend at a party while drinking (it's happened three or four times since I've quit), and one the next morning, if they're still around.  I don't have any cravings afterwords, and I don't feel any desperate desire for a cigarette the next time I'm drinking; it's just a random thing that happened a few times.

What I want to know is if anyone else feels this way:
Is it weird to feel like going 100%, never-touch-a-smoke-forever is almost like the cigarettes are winning?  Or is that just me?  I feel like, I don't know how to put it exactly, if I'm forced to cut away good friends because they smoke (oh gawd, teh triggers!), or if I have to cross the street to avoid a gas station because I just might buy a pack, that I've never really won and that cigarettes still have some perverse, postmortem control over me.  Is that normal?

I don't have any real reason to stay away from cigarettes.  I'm single and I'm not looking to date, I don't plan on having any kids, 90% of my coworkers in the office smoke (they still ask if I want to go out each time they do, even though they only ever knew me as an e-cig person), and without trying to sound too depressing here, I really just have nothing going with my life that would give me reason to better myself.  It's just after so much effort put into quitting, and all that money spent on shitty electronic alternatives, I couldn't live with another relapse.

Sorry about the long rant, I've never physically talked to anyone about this and when you have all the time in the world to type something out it just seems like I can speak my mind better.  But anyway, if anyone has thoughts on the whole notion of 100% abstinence I'd really like to hear it.