This definitely needs to happen..

So yeah, the time has come.

I stumbled upon this subreddit today and I think it's the final push that I need.

I am 25, been smoking for 6 years on and off, and while I realize that isn't quite the 30+ years some other posters have under their belts (like its some sort of morbid contest hah), I have a lot to lose if I keep smoking and my life would go so far downhill I don't think I could recover.

The main reason is that my girlfriend of almost 8 years now is deathly against smoking in all forms, she has a grudge against her father because he has the occaisional puff of weed. But we have almost broken up probably 4 times now mainly because she would find a lighter or something smelled of smoke. 

We have a house together, a dog together, and if she found out I smoke it would be an instant-end to all of that. 

So I have decided, today is the day. It's hard because while I know all this weight of the consequences of smoking is heavy, I really enjoy doing it. I have a smoke before bed at night, on my way to work in the morning, I have a routine. 

But I am spending too much money on this habit, I'm broke, she has way more money than me, and half my day is spent cleaning myself up so it seems like I didnt just have one. 

If I have one on my way home I have to stop and wash my hands, then there is the breath so I have to get something for that, fast food, gum, whatever... more $$.

Anyways, I realize this is getting long but it just feels good to type it out. Today is the day.

One of the problems with trying to quit.. is that I have to keep all the withdrawl symptoms bottled up, and still try to act 'happy' and like nothing is different..

I had to make a throw-away for this because I can't risk my reddit acct being found, I wont toss it though. I am going to keep it until I am smoke free.

Well I suppose I will just stop here, anyways, wish me luck because I am definitely going to need it.

TL;DR - Girlfriend deathly against smoking, have a house, dog, all which would end immediately. I just needed to type this heh. 