Does anyone else notice the "PSA"s and ads on TV make it harder?

(and a little introduction since I'm new here...) A little backstory, since my question is quite basically asked in the title. I've smoked varied amounts for a little over 10 years now (started very sporadically the November after my 18th birthday, the habit increased quite a bit with my job that next summer, and hadn't looked back since) - I've been known to bounce anywhere from 2 or 3 a day all the way to a pack or more, depending on external factors mostly and what I was dealing with at the time. I decided this past summer that it was time but actually acting on that decision was slow. Needless to say I've now slowed waaaay down - I just went 1 week between cigs, partially with help of a blu e-cig. I actually noticed that I didn't think about it as often anyway or really have massive cravings or pains from withdrawal, but the e-cig helped when it did come. Today my brain finally snapped and said enough is enough, so I had one. Not beating myself over it, picture Ron Burgandy - I'm not even mad, a week is amazing for me. But one thing I did notice during the entire week (mostly spend watching TV, I'm currently on a winter layoff) is that the number of "Stop Smoking PSAs" (thanks, New York State...) and other "assist" product ads actually make it harder to quit because while I can do a damn good job of taking my mind off it by doing other things simultaneously (I've been designing a route in the simulator Trainz 12) those instantly snap my mind onto it and how long it's been... Does anyone else find this true? My biggest enemies right now are those ads and one other trigger I won't get into right now... Though when I return to work I'm going to have a hard time of it because basically everyone takes their break at the same time and I've become quite accustomed to joining the other smokers in the "hut"... so avoiding that will be a chore but I'm hoping I'll be even more removed from smoking by then and can use my e-cig instead.


TLDR: Read the title. Am I the only one that notices this?