140 days in. Still strong, but experiencing an emotionally stressful time because I used to smoke.

I quit 140 days ago, without hardly a craving at all. It's been absolutely amazing. It was really difficult to quit, even though I haven't really had any cravings, and I'm really proud of myself for achieving that goal.  But the fact that I used to smoke has become a difficult thing to deal with.

You see, I started dating someone two months ago. One of her #1 things she will not date someone for is smoking. I feel like I have finally reached a place in my life where I don't have to hide anything from anyone. I am proud of who I am and that I have learned from my past mistakes. When we were going through the first stages of getting to know each other, she asked me if I smoke. My response was " I used to". I felt proud of myself that I had quit, and didn't feel like I needed to hide the fact that I used to smoke. 

If she wasn't going to be okay with that, then the relationship wasn't going to work out, and that was okay with me. I wasn't really invested at that point, and I l know that I am happy without someone, so I wouldn't be losing out on too much.

Thing is, her response was "but you don't smoke anymore, right"? Right. I've quit, and I've quit for good. She was okay with that. A little more okay than I had expected, but hell, I took it without question. It hasn't been mentioned since, so I figured it was all okay. Until yesterday.

A friend of mine, who also has been on and off smoking, said to me in my significant other's presence: "Man you picked a bad time to quit smoking", because he didn't have any smokes, and really wanted to bum one off of me that day.

Turns out, my girlfriend doesn't remember that conversation we had two months ago, and this was news to her. Sure, I'm a little hurt that she doesn't remember an important conversation like that (especially since it was something I was so proud of), but the fact of the matter is this: I'm in double jeopardy.

The past two months with her have been incredible, but now it's on the rocks because of something I used to do.

I know that this is a crappy situation, and maybe I am being treated unfairly, and there's probably some right ways to get through this, but none of this would be a thing if I hadn't ever started smoking. 

So just remember kids: the negative effects of smoking will continue to last long after your last smoke.

edit: grammatical errors