Getting close to my record for longest "quit". Here's how I know I will keep going...

The longest I have gone without smoking was 8 months and a few days. I've been smoking for 12 to 13 years. That's not as long as some people, and I know I didn't smoke at nearly the frequency as some people, but I know I'm done. I'm currently coming up to 8 months, which is my standing record. That was the last time I tried to quit, and I did it for 8 months. That time, I tried to quit for someone. The times before, I wasn't really serious about it for multiple reasons. This time though, I did it for me. Completely for me. I decided that I wanted to be happy, and actually enjoy my time here, even if I did cut it short. Sure, I'm going to die. Now that I smoked for 12 or 13 years, I'm likely to die sooner. That doesn't mean I need to continue throwing away the rest of me life. Think about what I just said: "continue throwing away the rest of my life". I'm not referring to the idea that every cigarette removes 7 minutes of your life, or even referring to that idea that those who smoke have a higher chance if heart disease, cardiovascular disease, cancer, etc. that shortens your life expectancy. No, I've already bought into the idea that my life will end short. It's the rest of whatever life I have left that I don't want to squander. When I'm smoking, I can't smell right. I can't breathe easily. I can't taste well. My chest hurts. I smell bad. I feel guilty about my habit, and I can't spend time with the people I enjoy. I like to be active, climb mountains, bike, run, and more. These are things I want to do in my life. I can't do that while smoking. Those people who I enjoy being around, I've found that those people are people who value their lives and the time that they have. They are successful and enjoyable people. They are not successful as in they make a lot of money, and have a nice house and a family, but they are successful in the ways that they are happy with themselves, and the people and things that they surround themselves with. And they are not, and do not like to be around smokers. Those are the people I want to surround myself with. That is who I want to be. I want to be happy for the rest of my life because of the decisions I make for myself. One of those decisions is to stop smoking. So I can be who I aspire to be. So that I can surround myself with people I enjoy. So that I don't have guilt. So that I feel healthier. So that I can enjoy the rest of my life.

This was my decision. I decided to do this for myself.

When I realized that THIS was what I wanted, and I realized that listening to my cravings wasn't going to get me there, it became the easiest thing I have ever tried to do. No effort to quit, no effort to stay quit. It is truly freeing.

That is how I know.