If you have anxiety and are looking for motivation. Here is my story.

Posted this originally as a comment but got some positive reaction to my story, so I wanted to share with everyone.......


So I have anxiety issues going on over 10 years that were getting worse after I cut back on drinking and got worse the first few days when I quit smoking. I was having a few panic attacks a day when I started quitting and the last major one I had was on day 3 of my quit. I was freaking out and needed my brain to calm down and I was panicking bad so I went outside and lit a cigarette and took a deep breath in thinking how amazing it was going to feel and how it was going to fix how I was feeling, and what I found was what I was looking for in it was not there. I did not feel better it did nothing but make me feel worse! I was still panicky and feeling sick and had no relief whatsoever! Now my anxiety is getting much better and it feels good to be able to start to breathe again. If you are having trouble with your anxiety while quitting just know that I have struggled with it and have been where you are, but you have to get uncomfortable to get comfortable in all aspects of your anxiety. I am glad I smoked that cigarette when I was having issues, because it gives me strength now when I am feeling weak. It really doesn't fix anything and in the long run will only make things worse. If you truly want to make your anxiety better get comfortable with the feelings and just let it happen. Don't self medicate with xanax and alcohol that is nothing but a band aid. Take it from me I was drunk every night for the last 7 years each year drinking more and more after losing my best friend to suicide, and when I stopped drinking it came right back. The more you "bring it with you" and the less you hide it away it will get better. Just remember it can't hurt you and it will get better. I still have anxiety and things to work on but I refuse to lay down and take it. Everyone gets nervous it is a part of life and we are no different from anyone else. We can recover and get healthy! We are not different and we are not alone. We aren't even special, we just don't know how to deal with emotions in a healthy way and that's ok. It takes time but I promise you it does get better. Just take it one day at a time. 