Day one: Dealing with the demons

So today is day one of my journey to give up smoking.

I have got to say that I honestly didn't expect it to be this difficult. However, I think that the reason it has been so challenging is not because of the chemical addiction but due to the demons this seems to be throwing up for me.

I only realised a few days ago the reasons I started smoking; my fiancé at the time smoked, I was trying to suppress hunger whilst in the depths of an eating disorder and it helped me to escape uncomfortable social situations.

The fact that my fiancé was a smoker meant that starting to smoke was easy for me. I also hated the way that he smelt and tasted after coming back inside from having a cigarette but if I smoked too then I didn't really notice... seems like an odd reason looking back but there we go.

Demon number two. Although I have left my eating disorder far behind me, I still feel like this is going to make me fat. That without cigarettes I am going to balloon into some unimaginable monster. I am aware that this is probably not the case but after using cigarettes as an appetite suppressant for coming on 7 years it's still a bit scary.

Cigarettes have also allowed to me to escape; escape the office, escape crowds, escape social situations, escape myself. I have always used cigarettes as an excuse for needing time alone or time out. How will I escape now? I guess I will just have to be brave and tell people that actually I just need 5 minutes. I just feel like my crutch and excuse is being taken away.

Smoking is also something I have bonded with my Mum over. Once she got over the fact that I smoked, it would be something that we did together; drinking endless cups of tea in the garden whilst smoking rollies. Now, I suppose we will just drink endless cups of tea whilst I wonder if smoking is what is going to kill her.

I'm aware this is just a big blurb of the mind but I am just wondering if anyone else has found that the demons are more difficult than the chemical addiction?