My fight, and a warning

Hey all. I've posted here before, especially over my last quit during which was about a month ago. Made it nearly week, then fell down and relapsed.
I wanted to give you all some backstory, as I start again, with this being my third day smoke-free. About a year ago, I was in the hospital for a week with pancreatitis. It was a miserable, awful experience. About 2 months ago, I was in the emergency room with another onset of pancreatitis. During that time, they took a contrast CT. None of the doctors mentioned it, but when I got out and back home I was going over the CT report, and noticed a partially collapsed left lung.
That really opened my eyes. I've been struggling with some odd shortness of breath here and there for a while, but just attributed it to smoking. Kept telling myself, when I stop everything will go back to normal. Now, I'm waiting for a doctor's appointment this week to tell me two things. The first, why did the lung collapse, and the second, if anything can be done about it.
Most likely, it's due to the nearly 20 years of smoking. Most likely, there is no way to reverse the damage. I'm facing a sense of Doom and hopelessness. I feel like I'm going to live out the rest of my life only being able to do certain things, or be limited in my activities, because I've been an idiot, a blind fool for so long.
If you are thinking of quitting, do it today. I look at my daughter, I look at my son, and I can't imagine the hurt that I would cause them if I didn't quit now. This is my motivation to keep going. No matter how hard it gets, no matter how much I miss the cigarettes, I'll never go back there again. My wife doesn't get it, she still goes outside and smokes all night, I don't think she even understands the severity of what's going on with me. But the thing I had to realize over the weekend, was that this isn't about her, it's about me.
Thank you, for all of your support here on this sub. I'll update you as I keep going, and if anyone cares, I'll post updates after the doctor's appointment. I'd love to hear anyone's thoughts or feedback on cleanses or anything that you know of that can help increase lung capacity in particular.