Hey guys, I want to quit but I really need help. I'm in a huge mental rut. Warning:possible triggers/pretty damn long.

Evening guys, I'm really in awe of a lot of you here. I'm 26 and I've tried quitting what feels like a million and one times. In the past 9 years that I've smoked, I have tried just about every method at least once. Mostly, I've been trying to go cold turkey. The longest amount of time that I've quit during that period was for 3 weeks on the dot. This was last year, after I finished reading "The Only Way to Quit Smoking" by Allen Carr. Prior to this, I've read "EasyWay" and lasted a week. My most recent serious attempt to quit actually consisted of driving to an EasyWay seminar in New York and shelling out $400. I lasted about 3 hours...
I actually feel like I would have had an easier time quitting before I knew the real reasons that I smoked. Meaning, somehow I've actually been able to justify smoking better now that I know what it consists of and the fact that it's a real drug addiction. For instance, just an hour ago a thought popped into my mind about how nicotine addiction is similar to our hunger for food, which led to me remembering how I've been able to diet down with no issues, and ultimately connected that to being able to just cut down on nicotine as well by removing some triggers. Has this happened to anyone else? Is this normal? Somehow, I feel like my addiction is truly some next level shit. I'm currently reading "Freedom From Nicotine - The Journey Home" and it suggested that I write down my reasons for quitting in order to reference them down the line. I decided to be honest with myself for once and avoid the typical: I smell bad, cough, feel sick, etc. Truthfully, I feel like those reasons aren't permanent and have never been important enough for me to quit - just a nice bonus. Here is what I wrote:

>  I hate that I always want it. Whether I enjoy it or not, I always want it. I can't go to sleep without wanting it. I can't wake up without wanting it. I want it all the time and I don't exactly understand why. Even when I try to understand, my brain blocks out the the information that I just took in and I begin to fight it every step of the way. I can't let go. I try to rationalize not smoking and then somehow end up rationalizing why I can. For instance, if hunger and cravings are so similar, and if I can diet and cut down my food intake, then I can also cut down my nicotine intake. Then I ask myself why I don't and my mind just jumps onto something else. I feel like I have add when it comes to quitting. I can block out every single bad thought but not the good ones. I feel like understanding it actually made my addiction worse because it's easier to rationalize. Quitting is always in the back of my mind but i don't understand why. I can rationalize smoking but I can't rationalize quitting. Smoking gets leeway - one good feeling is worth a million bad ones. Quitting doesn't - one bad feeling is all important and the positives are no big deal. I want to stop wanting but it's hard and very confusing. When I want to stop wanting, I rationalize that I still want it due to thinking about the fact that I'm thinking about stopping wanting, so I may as well have one and stop, even though I know that one will lead to a million. I justify it. I don't know why. I both hate it and love it. Everyday I want to both stop and continue. I feel like I have a low iq or even some type of a brain disorder because I can't understand why I want it, even though it's been explained to me many times over. It's ruining my life. I can't yet explain how, but it is. Sometimes I can ignore this fact and block out all of the bad feelings but other times I feel like a complete piece of shit and get depressed...and then I smoke. I continue to smoke because I want to smoke yet also hate that I smoke and want to stop. I can't stop because I want to smoke and can't explain why I want to stop and feel that if I want to smoke then I...I don't know. I'm getting confused again. The only way to stop wanting is to never take another puff. It will go away. I'm a drug addict and I will regain my mind and freedom. 



So yeah, this is my predicament.

TL;DR I want to quit but I don't know why. I smoke but I don't know why.