Commencing day 6. Food never tasted so good!

I've been smoking for 12 years now, and I've wanted to quit for at least the last 5. For the benefit of myself, my partner, my health, and just livelihood in general. 

5 days ago I came down with a particular nasty head cold. Lungs were on fire, filled to the brim with gunk, and everything else was out of order too.

Usually I'd power through smoking while sick; despite the pain, despite the extra coughing and discomfort, despite getting struck down by lightning, nothing could stop me.

But after many years of proclaiming "this is it" and trying to stop, lasting a few days, then going back to it - or telling my partner but never following through, continuously letting her down (or lying to her, however you want to look at it), I'd really had enough.

I was tired of how I felt, how I smelled, how people would recoil from me, how people would walk around me while smoking. I was tired of the stigma, the potential health risks, the addiction and daily life necessity. The cost, the strain, the everything about it.

So with my cold, I gave it up. I gave up on giving in, I gave up one relationship to save another. I gave up 12 years of my life and now I'm looking to get them back on the other end. 

I'm on my 6th day now and I feel great. Smells feel nostalgic because I haven't smelled anything properly for over a decade. I'm tasting foods again for the first time that take me back to my childhood. I'm learning how terrible cigarettes smell when those around me do it. My pores are clearing up, my skin is less oily, air feels cleaner, I'm more focused, and I really feel like I've been given a refresh. 

This feels less like something I've given up and more like something I've gained. It doesn't feel like a decision making sort of scenario, it doesn't feel like I've gained a new computer or given up an old toy. It feels like I've been given a shot to live my life in someone else's body, someone who's less lethargic, less cranky, less smelly. Someone who can appreciate food and put their loved ones first.

It's only 6 days but I've been through the cold sweats, I've been through what I think is the worst of it. And if these are the benefits so far I really can't wait to see what's ahead of me.

I hope to hang around here longer and make sure my quit stays permanent. I need to stay around longer in general. I hope to get to know some of you guys so we can help support each other :)

✌️ 