DAY 32 ! the longest in the last 10 years ! some tips..

There will never be another day 32 again or another day 1 again. I am thrilled and happy and relaxed to announce this minor achievement of mine in this safe place here. 

A few pointers other than the usual ones mentioned here ,

1. I stopped coming to this forum for a little while because I was constantly reminded of smoking even when I didn't want to be and it took me back to my cig thoughts when I read some posts! 

**This one is going to hit home for very few people here but I am hoping that if even there is one like me this might speak to your sensibilities that we share in common :) **
 
2. I realized that the only way I could quit cigs is by starting something else I could obsess over and also had a direct/visible impact on my vapid vain self :) I totally got into asian skin care and its done wonders for me these last few weeks. I follow a strict routine and seeing my skin shine through, my lips thanking me and loving the face looking back at me through the mirror every morning makes this so worth it. I understand this might not be something everyone likes to do BUT if you like getting into skincare or heck even makeup make it a combined goal so you don't stress over quitting cigs and feeling overwhelmed by that all consuming thought. 

I did not have bad skin to begin with but I enjoy the discipline that comes with skincare and how aware you become of all the things you put in/on your body and how it could be so much worse and its not and a promise that I will never let it get there. Its become therapeutic and indirectly making me feel less and less inclined to ever think I'll light one up again. 

I hit a party last weekend and the only thing I focused on was to look fabulous and it worked! There was so much booze and I was super careful to have two glasses of gin+ diet soda(keto diet, yo!) only ,when people stepped out to smoke I stayed indoors with my girlfriends who were eager to ask me questions about my routine. I felt like a diff person , I am usually the girl who is longingly looking at balconies at any house parties ,getting hammered and smoking around 10 cigs in 3 hours. I was 4-5 a day smoker and I always wanted more when I drank. This weekend was different I didn't care too much to drink either because I was worried that it might trigger something in me. I still need to work on that.

A couple of my friends and I are going on a no booze policy until our birthdays in 5 months just for the heck of it and I just bought a guitar :)

As you can see  I really thrive on alternatives ! :) Any tips on guitar and playing most welcome and if anyone ever wants to get into Asian skincare routine hit me up ! Find your alternative , go obsess over something else. 

I wish everyone here so much love and luck because I know the pain and struggle . Hang in there. That cigarette you are longing for now will be a distant memory in 5 minutes just sit tight for that 5 minutes and it will slowly become 3 and 2 and then poof, gone ! 