2 Months and over; Self motivation tips

Hello Reddit
I was a regular smoker and used to smoke around 5-10 cigarettes each day. It continued for about 6 years. I started back in  mid 2010. It feels good that I have successfully kicked the habit. 
Here are some of my notes which I used for self motivation.  

There are plenty of reasons for quitting cigarettes. I went cold turkey on 10th December 2016 after my last cigarette in the mid night around 3 am. I was horrified to see my sore throat in the morning. So, I decided it would be my last cigarette though there were cravings. There are few methods which I've chosen personally to avoid triggers and have a safe life ahead. 

1)keep yourself engaged in whatever fascinates you. This may include- gym, brisk walking, reading, writing, drawing, watching tv series, talking to friends, going on an outing with friends, spending more time with family, learning new courses online( new Lang, skill, sketching, obtaining a masters degree etc.), grooming yourself, reading newspaper in other languages than English, listening to your favorite genre of music , going on bike rides , making new friends , volunteering for a social cause etc.. 

2) The reason I've chosen to quit smoking is for my benefit. To avoid cancer, ugly lungs, weak body, fucked up throat, bad metabolism etc. Nicotine has always been an evil Best friend. It is better to kick off nicotine out of your body. 

3) Meditate- oh boy, this helps a lot , at least in my case. It helps you get closer to yourself inner self and find more value to life as time flies by. Reading meditation and spiritual books might sound edgy, but hey, come on, that is how you lead yourself to a smooth life. 

4) Juices, fruits, dry fruits, proteins , water. The remedy for a healthy body and a proper healthy home made  diet will lead you to a better life. Start from right now. 'Cause it is better late than never. 

5)  Wait for surprises in your life. You'll find that life will become more meaningful. You'll start smelling good, lose ugly skin, become way more healthy and appreciate every aspect of life. People will start liking you for your decision. They will appreciate what you're doing everyday right from the moment you quit smoking. No more alcohol on regular basis, no more cigarettes, no more cancer to the body. It is time to do justice for the most beautiful life the supreme power has given to us. To embrace the beauty of life and to play the best from your side to avoid bad karma and to have a sweet and healthy journey. Wishing  you all good luck.

Pro tip: Even if you relapse in between and regret later , continue the journey as a non-smoker. Download quit-now app and boost your morale everyday and track your progress. 

