Failed to quit with Allen Carr's books twice - going to his seminar on Sunday.


WARNING: THIS IS GOING TO BE SOMEWHAT OF A LONG RANT.

I've been smoking for about 8 years now and I feel like I'm living in a personal hell. I was unfortunate enough to be one of those people who develop an intense addiction to nicotine right off the bat. In other words - I became a pack-a-day smoker as soon as I got the legal right to start purchasing cigarettes. I'm now at a point where at 25 years old, I feel like I might as well be 60.

I can't do anything without smoking. I can't go to sleep, eat, take a shower, go for a drive, use the bathroom, have sex, masturbate, or even make a phone call without depending on a cigarette. On top of all of that, I'm also addicted to caffeine. I know this sounds like no big deal, but the coffee/energy drinks go hand in hand with smoking for me. Once I quit one - the other just doesn't seem the same and I get drawn right back into it.

I've also let myself go tremendously and I want to get into shape, but I can't go to the gym without quitting these nasty fucking things first. To quit them, I feel like I'll have to quit caffeine too. To quit caffeine, I'll have to bear 3 weeks of headaches, feeling dually deprived because I can't have what I want and cigs aren't the same without it, and being a groggy mess while still trying to work a stressful sales job. I feel like I've gotten myself into this fucked up cycle that only keeps on getting worse. I'm at rock bottom - depressed and helpless.

Of course, I have went through my share of failed attempts to quit over the years. Like many of you, I've also heard about Allen Carr and was excited about trying his method. I read his book last summer and was able to quit for a week. I was liberated, happy, free...until I wasn't. It took me 4 or 5 months to work up the nerve and try again. When I say try - I mean try for real. During those months between the first and second attempt, I've had many re-readings and half-assed efforts to quit. Anyway, for my second "real try", I used his other book that's considerably longer than the original and meant for people who have already failed once using the EASYWAY method. This time, I was able to quit for three weeks. Once again, I felt great and thought that I would never smoke again. Co-workers were congratulating me, I was turning down cigs left and right, I began going to the gym, and I think that I even experienced a very mild "moment of clarity" where everything just clicks. Still - I went right back to square one.

I feel stupid, demoralized, and hopeless. I don't know what's wrong with me. It's like I have this brain fog that prevents me from actually "getting it". When I quit, I remember that I had to constantly remind myself as to why I shouldn't smoke. For instance: "Smoking does nothing for me...because I don't really like it...because it's just nicotine being replaced that's giving me a feeling of relief..." I had to do this constantly or I would begin to feel like I'm forgetting why I shouldn't smoke and would be caught off guard with a craving. I just don't understand why the information didn't fall into place for me like it did for other people. It's frustrating as hell! It feels like studying for a test back in school - you memorize the material but don't really grasp it. To make matters worse, each attempt to quit made me an even heavier smoker than before.

Honestly, I'm at my wits end. I feel like a complete piece of trash, dumb, and just incredibly weak. I've read the books, watched the videos, felt like I had the right mindset, and still managed to fall flat on my face every time. I've finally shelled out $400 for his live seminar in New York and I really hope it works because I just don't know what else to do.