stop smoking version 2.0

In 2011, six months after my father died from smoking related cancer, I became a non-smoker, using the Allen Carr Easyway. I was free of the nicotine trap for over a year. It started off innocently enough. Having a beer with friends I was jokingly offered a puff and I took it. I didn't dive back into the trap right away, but I began to have the occasional smoke when ever I had a drink. Then I began to buy a box of smokes for my friends whenever we had more than a few beers together, because if you're going to smoke, it's bad form to expect other people  to fund your addiction. Later still, I began to buy MY old favorite brand whenever I knew would be drinking, because, if you're going to smoke, you may as well smoke a brand you like. Not too long after that, I started keeping a box around, in my car, because it doesn't make sense to keep buying a box of smokes every week, when you are going to go out for beers every week. I knew all along that I had been spiraling ever further down into the depths of nicotine addiction, but when I started making sure I had cigarettes on me when I went cycling so that I could stop for a smoke, it became a matter of urgency to turn this thing around. I am sharing this for my own benefit. I will be happy if these words help anybody else to steer clear of the nicodemon, but happier still if they help me. 
I have no reason to smoke. I get nothing from smoking, I don't even enjoy it. In the year that I freed myself from the slavery of nicotine, I was able to cycle further and faster than I ever could as a smoker. 
I felt less stress even on stressful days, because without the fog of addiction, I was able to deal with the real cause of stress. Food tasted better. I could breathe more easily. I slept better. 
All I am trying to do when I smoke is to get back to the happy calm state I enjoyed as a non smoker and every smoke will only take me further away from that state. There is no such thing as just one cigarette. I have nothing to lose, and everything to gain, by stopping. 