i hope this makes sense to people who haven't quit yet.

i quit may 10th, 2011 and haven't even gotten close to having one ever since.

i am truly hoping this makes sense to people who are quitting. i randomly thought about this today and knew there would be a subreddit, so i wanted to stop by and share some knowledge.

i had it easy; i started dating a beautiful girl that i basically placed on a pedestal for years and years before i really knew her that well. i really wanted her in my life, and i knew she wouldn't date me if i smoked ... so i quit, i quit for her originally (which goes against my 'quit for yourself, not for someone else) but that wasn't enough to actually stop smoking.

somehow i tricked my brain into thinking that i would lose a battle with myself if i gave in. it's more complex then meets the eye because it had to work 100% of the time. i pictured every single person that would lose faith and be disappointed in me if i was a smoker again, and threw out the logic that i could have just one. i knew if i had one, i was back. i am very competitive so i knew if i made it a game in my head with myself, that it would be effective to always return to that guilty feeling before i had the cigarette. i was normally used to feeling great before, and even when i gave in. i just had that "fuuuuck it im having one, _____ happened" and then guilt, and then acceptance.

this might have been a stupid rant to some, but i hope it connects with other people at a deeper level. use yourself and your own obvious emotion triggers to beat yourself before your habits take over.

good luck, it's truly worth it. i am a carpenter and we frequent hospital renovations and such, i'm normally in hospitals day-to-day. i don't see it like the nurses do, but i see it. there are random times to this day i still think about having one, and i still to this day have that game in my head of instant guilt.

you will notice a difference after a day, seven days, a month, a year, and it will be worth it.

good luck!!!