Yesterday I quit smoking weed and drinking. Today I'm stopping smoking cigarettes, coffee, softdrinks and even fapping, all of this in the middle of my exams, and along the way also beating OCD and depression. All support for the start of my journey is welcome. The end starts here.

I'm 21 years old, suffering from mild OCD and a mental addiction to weed. I'm smoking a pack a day. I decided to quit all psycho-related substances. Exactly a year ago, I did the same, all on the SAME day, quit for four weeks and felt like a different person. After three weeks, I felt like I could conquer the world, but I gave in after my last exam last year, because addiction.. "One won't hurt, you finished your exam and quit four weeks!" Don't listen to the voices inside your head.

I've been smoking for 5 years, not only ciggies but also pot. I started stealing money from my dad for pot and cigs, lying to my family so I could have time to get blazed. Smoking ciggies and already wanting to light up another one before I finish the one I'm currently smoking. I need to clear my head, starting today.

I also suffer from OCD and depression. I smoked my last joint on 17:14, the first number after 13, and since then I've been tripping about it "giving me bad luck". I know this is bullshit, but still it fucks me up, because OCD. I will not smoke again, even if I stopped on the "13th" minute, because if I don't give in, I'm beating my OCD. I also suffer from the following thought: I have to quit with everything (weed and cigs) on the same day, but because I smoked today, and quit weed yesterday, I'm not quitting on the same day. I know it's nonsense, but as I said, I'm not giving in to my OCD. I'm committed.

I've been trying to quit for four years, sometimes lasting a week, sometimes lasting a day. This time I'll have to hold on and also not smoking cigarettes, because when I quit smoking, I also quit weed, and always when I relapse with smoking ciggies, I relapse the same day with weed. So I'll have to hold on, because my cigarette addiction is connected with weed, and I also roll my joints with tobacco. I am paranoid  and not sociable when I'm high, because my appearance when smoking pot changes to "healthy looking" to "heroine junk". I have to accept that weed does not have a good effect on me, and that it does good things to some people, but not to me... I have to find new people to hang out with, without psycho-substances being based on it, so I can see what true friendship means without having to need alcohol or weed.

I'm not a problematic drinker, but I want to quit everything psycho-related for a undecided amount of time, at least a few months, maybe a (a couple of ) year(s). I smoked my brains out for 4 years, so now I'll also have to be able to not smoke a long time to make up for the wasted, lost time because of the addictions. It will be hard, because all young people seem to drink or smoke, but it will be the best choice for my future. I really need to clear my head, because the last 4 years I have been living in a addiction based cloud. Also trying nofap, just out of curiousity. Quitting coffee because it gives me stress. No softdrinks because it fucks my teeth and throat. I will start working out again, visiting my family and eating healthy. I'm tired of being a worthless piece of shit, sleeping 14 hours a day, sitting on the side of my bed and not knowing what to do and being paranoid to go downstairs to my dad.

I almost never smoke pot alone, mostly 3 times a week with my friend(s). Yesterday, I was supposed to be studying for an exam but preferred smoking weed until late night. My dad also came in from vacations, and when I got home at 1 AM, everyone was awake. I started tripping, paranoid being high as fuck, and turned away from my house, riding with my bike to a spot a few miles from my home, started sleeping in the bushes because I was too scared to go home because I looked fucked up... Woke up and missed my exam, thinking about what the fuck I'm doing with my life. I'm done people, I have no choice but to stop. I will change for the better, eliminating all things that do me harm.

I'm broke as fuck and tired to steal money for my addiction. I want to become a good person again, being there for my family instead of ripping them off just to be stoned and achieving nothing in my life. I also am in the middle of my exams (retakes) but now I have 4 days inbetween, so I'm starting quitting today. I'm about to smoke my last cigarette.

I'll report back how it goes, I really hope this time I'll make it stick. Don't smoke today, life is better on the other side. That's why I'm doing this.