Many quits prior to this, but the first time I have been this long with 0 nicotine. Thoughts.

I'll start this with my last smoking binge: February.

In February I had not smoked since January. In January I had been smoking since my wedding in November. Up to November I was on a cocktail of ecig and mints for months. As long as I had one of those 2 things I was fine, but if I ever didn't have both I would have an occasional cigarette because I was crutch-less. (Not trying to discourage them as healthier replacements, though.)

Anyway: February.

A dog I knew and loved for the past decade died. He died in a drawn out process. I'd never experienced the death of an animal I loved before. I went and bought a pack of smokes and just smoked while I shed my man-tears. Surely I was going to quit next week.

Next week my Grandpa died. Doubled down on smoking. Didn't give a shit. I just smoked and smoked. Told myself it would surely only be a matter of time until "better me" kicked in and I'd quit again, but I "didn't want to deal with it right now." 

Next month Grandma died. I'm now a dogless, grandparentless smoking machine who doesn't need to give a shit about the effort it takes to quit smoking and should be allowed to deal with his emotions however he wants. I was just a baby.

After I said goodbye to my Grandma, it hit me: the smoking wasn't about me. It wasn't about my Grandma, Grandpa, or dog. It was a shitty addiction trying to make the events in MY life all about it.

I reread my self help in the morning (Carr) straight through and haven't had a cigarette since.

The challenges STILL arose, though, but the trick had already been exposed. My best friends got married and all my friends (wife included) stood around smoking in a circle. I wanted it... no I didn't. I wanted to be smoke free. If I was to be smoke free, I'd at least have to go through that time without a cigarette; so I did. I just turned it off.

My 30th birthday my friends all stood in a circle, wife included, I wanted it... No I didn't.. Turned it off. 

The biggest challenge, though, was my cousin... The closest female cousin I have just... died. She was 34. She successfully hid addictions. She was my best friends sister. It was a tragedy. My brain broke. I went fuzzy... grabbed my car keys... made the decision. I was going to smoke. That day it just didn't matter. I got to the front door, grabbed the handle, and didn't use it. Let go of the door. Set my keys down and just thought about it: another person I love died... this time of addiction... and my first reaction is to get sad and use it as fuel for my worthless addiction? I don't think I could have so immediately made that moment more about me than her family (who I am the Jon Snow of, by the way.) I turned it off.

Every time I have acknowledged and turned off that part of me that wanted a cigarette, I was thrilled with myself when I woke up in the morning with my body still lacking all of the discomforts caused by smoking. Every. Single. Time.

I just got the drunkest I have been in a long time this weekend. I was at a wedding just hanging out with my wife while she smoked... Just a constant test. I never did it. I'm happy I didn't smoke... she hates that she did it (days later (she's cranky)).

Anyway. Stay cool.