Tribulations of a smoking Respiratory Therapist

So, this is my first post (long time lurker) and day one of the third time I've quit smoking cigarettes. I first started smoking when I was 14, quit when I was 15, started again at 20 and quit at 22 when I decided to pursue schooling to become a Respiratory Therapist. And that should have been it. I spent two years learning about how and why smoking is bad, not to mention seeing many people die from smoking related illnesses. So, to be back at the beginning, knowing everything I know and seeing everything I've seen, feels embarrassing, shameful, hopeless, stupid and frustrating. 
I thought that by becoming a Respiratory Therapist, I'd never have problems with cigarette addiction again. I thought that by having an intricate knowledge, I would never choose to do something so harmful to myself again. I was so wrong. I've come to realize that I have an addictive personality, and I fall back onto previous addictions/habits when I have major changes or turbulence in my life. 
Back in late May/early June, I was finishing up my last semester of Respiratory school, and some major changes were coming up. The biggest change being that, for the first time since I was six, school would no longer be a part of my daily life. Most people would be happy for that, and in ways was, but that thought was scary to me. During that time I was also seeing a therapist to help me process and deal with issues I've had since I was sexually molested by a close family member for six years of my childhood. I had made huge progress. For the first time in 9 years I stopped smoking weed and was visibly on the road to becoming the person I wanted to be. But, seeing as how I had no insurance and my therapist was a "student", my therapist eventually had to move on to another office for her next clinical experience rotation, leaving me to my own devices. I tried to stay on track, but it didn't take long at all to fall off the wagon. And now I'm back to not only smoking weed everyday, but also the cigarettes. I feel like a failure, and thinking about how far I fell only makes it worse. It took so long to get to where I was, and now, due to my own poor choices, i have to re-climb that ladder. It's a very intimidating thought that feels hopeless. 
So here I am, on day one, again. I know I can do this, and I know it's not completely hopeless, but I can't do this alone. That's my story, everyone. Thank you for reading!