5 Days going strong, Never going back.

Hello all,

Bit of background info. 

26/M. Smoked for the last 10/11 years, never a heavy smoker (of cigarettes) maybe 10 a day at maximum consumption. But I've smoked Cannabis for about the last 8 years, and went through stages of joints or bongs, but always with tobacco. I could probably safely add 5 cigarettes worth of tobacco a day on top of the 10. So lets say 15 a day. 

Previous attempts to quit involved cold turkey (lasted 3 weeks), E-Cig (4 weeks). A few weeks back i started to despise smoking and really wanted to give quitting another real good attempt. I came across a reddit post about Allen Carr's Easyway to stop smoking, and looked it up, purely because i thought it was written by the comedian. Once i found out it wasn't, i looked into it more, and discovered hundreds of people saying it genuinely helped them to quit. Now i wasn't a believer of the self-help book (I barely read), but the evidence was overwhelming, and i thought, i've got nothing to lose. The book was £6, ordered and arrived the next day.

The book sat on the side in my room for a couple weeks before i decided to start flicking through - the whole time telling myself a book will never stop me smoking. Long story short (at work right now - just felt compelled to join in), I finished the book on Thursday morning last week, and in the last chapter it tells you to smoke your 'last' cigarette. As i read the last few pages, i smoked that cigarette, and doubted whether that would really be the last one. Just before taking the last toke i told myself i would never smoke a cigarette again, so i took the toke, put it out then proceeded to pour my remaining tobacco down the drain. 

That was just before 9am on Thursday and it's barely crossed my mind since. I have felt no withdrawal pangs, no cravings. Yes when i get up in the morning, or jump in the car, or have a big meal, it crosses my mind, but i just tell myself i dont need/want it, and the thought has vanished within seconds. 

I'm already 100% sure i am a non smoker. I'm already seeing/feeling the benefits and am looking forward to what the next few weeks brings me. 

Good luck to everyone else on their stop smoking journey - and no matter what stage you're at, I would highly recommend reading Allen Carr's book.

