I've been having weird chest symptoms and the doctors don't really have any conclusions; I'm curious if any of you have experienced anything similar.

tl;dr Have been trying to quit for the last year and a half. Have had various symptoms over this time ranging from a sensation in the very middle of my chest, constant mucus in my throat, occasional pressure or slight pains in my chest, and junk in my sinuses. Not really much coughing or issues exercising. Doctors and Pulmonologist haven't had a concrete diagnosis nor anything negative to say, but the symptoms are causing me some anxiety. I'm curious if anyone else has experienced anything similar to this.

Over the last year and a half I have been trying to quit smoking, and have done pretty well this year aside from a few slip ups. Around Spring of last year I started having a sensation in the very middle of my chest that seemed like maybe a spasm. It was usually not painful, just annoying and mentally concerning. After about seven months I ended up going to my general doctor, who tried a breathing test and a breathing treatment then referred me to a Pulmonologist. Oddly enough, during my time between visits the sensation seemed to go away; but, I went ahead with the more advanced breathing test at the hospital and a CT scan of my chest. The Pulmonologist said nothing looked off. Around the beginning of this year I started noticing constant mucus in my throat, junk in my sinuses, sensations in my chest that I think might be related to the congestion, and very occasionally a slight pain in the chest. I rarely cough, just constantly swallow junk. Lately I have been trying to run a mile everyday and ride my bike; I don't generally have any issues doing so. I relocated this year as well so I am currently seeing a new general doctor. He gave me a shot for allergies, though I feel the symptoms have occurred for most of this year and might not be allergy related. I am going back to him in a week.

I am curious if anyone here has experienced symptoms similar to these? If you have read this far, thank you very much for listening. 