22, six years of smoking, just bought what I hope to be my last pack.

I still remember my first cigarette; I hated it at first, the dry feeling of smoke and the dizzy spell afterwards, I wondered what the appeal was for these narcotic sticks. Even when I was a kid I hated the idea of smoking. My Dad was a smoker for years, but luckily was able to kick the habit when I was 5 and I ended up losing two grandparents to smoke related disease. My aunt was just diagnosed with emphysema. 

A few weeks later I'm out longboarding with my friends and I think "man, a cigarette sounds good right now" I was confused at the thought due to my disgust of the first time, but for some reason the temptation to smoke overcame me. I had my eighteen year old friend buy me a pack of Camel 99's. My first pack leading the trail of a hundred more like a line of dominoes waiting to be knocked over.

I'm sure like most of you I went through a phase of what I would smoke: Camel 99's, Marlboro Blacks then to Reds then to Southern Cuts, Pyramids (I was low on cash, okay?) and then I finally settled onto American Spirits.

My first job was a food court job at the mall and if anyone has worked a job at a fast food joint or restaurant you know the amount of smoking that comes with the employees. At the beginning I would consider myself a "social smoker" (sound familiar?) and would only smoke at parties or at work, the thing is though is that I would part A LOT, almost every day during the summer and I had a ton of friends/enablers that were of age to buy me packs.

Flash forward: I'm twenty-two and still smoking. I'm in denial most of the time thinking I'm not addicted, that I go through phases of smoking for a while and taking a few months off. Wash, rinse, repeat. However, as I look back with a less biased eye I can't remember not having a pack on me ever since I turned eighteen. There are a few moments I remember not smoking for a few months like during the summer of last year, but that was due to an anti-depressant I was taking called Wellburtin which also acts as a smoking suppressant. The other time I remember was when I was dating my GF at the time in 2015 and told her I would quit. I did. Briefly. She didn't seem to care when I got back to smoking so I puffed away. 

Smoking is a strange habit. Ever since I began I've tried to pinpoint what it is exactly that I find so appealing about it, but I think I found it out. I've associated smoking with socializing and activities. I find myself more confident when talking to someone with a cigarette in my hand, that each word has more weight to it after I take a drag. Smoking has been with me for years and has accompanied me within my hedonistic activities. There's also the association of lighting up a smoke after waking up with a cup a coffee..the rough feeling of the smoke going down your throat accompanied by a hot dose of coffee is honestly indescribable (also helps out with the bowels as well) but my body is becoming tired and weak. The aspects of smoking that I enjoy are beginning to decrease and the routine is causing me pain.

I've said I'd quit more times than I can count, but this time I'm determined. I bought what I hope to be my last pack today and am charting out the things that helped me quit in the past and what causes me to go back for me.

I deal with both depression and anxiety, so cigarettes have always acted as my psychologist during those sleepless nights out on the back porch. Anytime I smoke now all I can think of is "why am I still doing this, how much longer do I have?" 

I just cannot continue to be seduced my temptation or be overshadowed my own pride saying "oh it's been a week since I've had a cigarette, I'm sure it wouldn't hurt to have one" 

Wish me luck. I've been a long time reader of this page in hopes of finding motivation, but I've come to realize that the motivation has to come from myself and the determination to get healthy again.

We outcha. 

   