The next time a non-smoker tells you they don't understand why it's "so hard" to quit, try this on them.

I used it on my parents and friends and it helped them understand a lot better.  This is long, but quitting involves a lot of feelings and emotions.  I wanted to do it justice.

------------

Imagine a scientific discovery is made that the primary cause of human aging and death within 100 years is the constant use of our digestive tract.  To combat this problem, a pill is developed that provides 100% of your body's needs, leaving you needing to eat nothing and drink nothing but water in order to live a full, healthy life.

However, the flavorless pill does nothing to curb your appetite.

You take your pill on the first morning, and find it not that hard to skip breakfast, because you're excited about this new lease on life you have.  However, by the time lunch rolls around, your stomach is cramping and you're feeling antsy all over.  Other people who have not subscribed to the new pill regime brought their lunches to work and are eating all around you.  You smell the mustard on their sandwiches, the pepperonis on their pizza, and the garlic in their soup, and your mouth waters.  You can almost feel your teeth sinking into that cheesy slice and how amazing it would be in your mouth.  You officially hate all of your coworkers and most other things.

But it passes.  Your stomach tightens up and you focus on something else and make it through the afternoon.

Unfortunately, by dinnertime, it starts all over again.  You're so hungry it's literally all you can think about.  Your whole body ACHES with an emptiness, longing for food. Longer life-span be damned!  Who ever said that humans were supposed to live so f*cking long anyway, right?  Eating is awesome and makes you feel good.  And the taste!  The smells!  Everything about food that's so amazing!!!  Why do all these know-it-all Dr. people think they can tell you how to live your life if it makes you miserable?

You crawl into bed that night grumpy and and empty.  As you toss and turn and your mind races, it dawns on you:  This isn't a temporary thing.  This isn't just a fast, and you get to have a Whopper with Cheese on Saturday.  This is it.  This is forever...  You'll never, ever eat or feel full again.  It's so sad it almost makes you cry.  Devastated, you eventually fall asleep and dream about eating all night.

The next few days proceed much like the first.  Terrible waves of emptiness and longing.  Short temper, general bad outlook on life in general.  And then the weekend comes around.  Your friends are going out like they always do - it's what you look forward to every week starting Monday morning.  But you realize that some of your friends are still eating, and you'll have to sit there and watch them.  The others that started the pill regime long before you seem to be doing fine and it drives you crazy that they're not as miserable as you.  You realize that going out with your friends, your favorite activity of the week, is now going to suck.  You try to shine it on and go out and pretend you're fine, but after an hour and a beer or two watching everyone else be happy, you dejectedly make your way home. 

This is now your life.  Fortunately for us, our minds and bodies tend to acclimate to change, and over time, it'll be less terrible.  After 3 or 4 weeks, your body will kinda feel used to being hungry all the time and it won't bother you as much.  After several months you won't even feel it that much at all.

After a year you'll be so used to being starving around the clock that it's just what normal is to you now.  But you'll still remember what it was like to eat, and feel full.  You'll still walk to your now-empty fridge every now and then and open it up and peer in, remembering what it was like to grab a snack.  Sometimes you'll just stand outside a restaurant and smell the food smells wafting out... good god it smells amazing.  Maybe, JUST maybe, you could go in and order some chicken fingers and a coke.  Just to remember what it was like.  And after that, you'll just keep on not eating.  You can do that, right?

Maybe your will power will keep you out of the restaurant this time, but even if it does, you have to be prepared.  Prepared to spend the rest of your now, possibly longer (assuming you don't early of any other means) life always remembering eating, and thinking how nice it'd be just to try food just one last time, and finally feel full again.
 