Today is day 1

I don't have a very inspiring story. I'm not a longtime smoker, or a relatively heavy smoker, but nonetheless I'm a smoker. And it keeps me coming back. Hopefully, at least, someone will see some commonalities between my difficulties and theirs. 

I created this account so that I could post when I have an urge. I read somewhere that that would help. It's been about 16 hours, and I feel myself wanting to smoke, but still feel that my conscious knows I won't. 

I've had this feeling before - I started smoking around 19, never too heavily, usually 2-3 packs per week. I quit for 11 months after I turned 21, almost by accident. I went to visit my dad, where I didn't really have any access to tobacco. Within a week the cravings were all but gone, and when they came they were easily brushed aside. This was an amazing, liberating feeling. As the months passed, I started to feel like I was free of the habit. I had nights where I smoked with my friends, and didn't smoke again the next day. I felt like I won and that I could become one of those rare people who can "take it or leave it." 

I was wrong, and  I fell right back into it within a matter of a few drunken nights in a row. I've been smoking since, and I'm nearing my 24th birthday. I still don't smoke as much as lots of smokers. I suppose I averaged (past tense, since I'm quitting for good) 6-7 cigarettes per day. This was still too much, I would smoke first thing in the morning, head off to work, and by the time it was the mid-afternoon, I would start to get a gnawing, jaw-clenching, anxious downright uncomfortable sensation. Like I just *needed* to be somewhere else, ostensibly smoking. The same sensation I am feeling now!

I would leave as soon as I could to go smoke. It would make me feel dizzy, sick, drymouthed. But nonetheless I did it anyway. And I don't know if anyone else does this, because I don't see it too often with other smokers, but I spit non-stop while I smoke. Not just a couple times, but after every drag. I always hated the taste and smell. It takes a habit many see as disgusting, and compounds it with another disgusting habit. 

A lot of you know what I'm going through, and I you. I know this evening will be tough. Sleeping will be tough. Tomorrow may be tough. And certainly I can not go out and drink this weekend. Regardless, my birthday is next Monday. I'm hoping that by the time I turn 24 my cravings are manageable and I'm on a road to being free of cigarettes. The feeling I'm looking most forward to is that of being entirely relaxed, for once. I feel like I haven't felt that feeling in 5 years, cause even when I don't have any obligations, I feel the pang to smoke, followed by my own sense of shame, and anxiety resumes. 

Thanks for reading.

I do have a quick question: does sweating help remove Nicotine from your system or help you to have less cravings? I bought a gym membership with a sauna, and I'll roast myself if it'll help me get through these first few days :)