This is it...

The past 2 months, I've been trying to quit. I managed to stop, really easy, with no withdrawal, for 2 weeks, then I was a fucking stupid idiot and had another fucking fag. Since then, I've been struggling to go without. I'm wasting even more money, because I'm buying a packet, smoking for one night, then throwing it out, then 2 days later I'll buy another packet. So this is it. I don't care any more. Fuck the pain. Fuck the withdrawals. Fuck the social aspect of it. Fuck the feeling of a cuppa and a fag, or a nice fag after dinner, or the morning fag. I'm done with it. 

One thing I want though, and I know it's the case already but I wanna hear it from you guys. Can you please assure me that it gets better. Maybe tell me your stories of how it went after day 1, just so I know what I'm feeling isn't unique in any way lol. 'Cuz the thing that always brings me back to smoking is because smoking feels normal now, and not smoking feels horrible. How did you guys deal with the horrible feeling? The feeling of having just one more, because you just wanna be reminded of what it is you're loosing. 

Does quitting smoking make you happier in the long run? What mental advantages does it have? I know the physical ones, but I'm young and dumb, I don't care enough about that (despite wanting too). But I have depression and anxiety and I wanna know if stopping smoking will help in any way. I feel like my addiction is more routine than chemical, and the social side is huge too. I'm used to rolling a fag with my friends, and it's so hard when I hear my friends sparking up. I miss it. I feel like, if he's smoking, why can't I? I know the answer, but when I'm craving things, my mind becomes warped lol. I dunno. Just any help/advice would be great. Just bare in mind it's more mental than physical for me. I can deal with the physical side of things much easier.

So here we go. 1 hour in. For the 30th time. Thanks tons in advance. 

Edit: Something new I'm trying this time, might be good for you guys too. I'm writing a journal, every few hours, or every time I feel something different, I'm writing the time, and the feeling, and an affirmation that I'm still fine without it. This way it feels more personal, like if I smoke, I'm failing myself, since I'm telling myself I'm ok without it. I don't wanna lie to myself. I dunno, it's weird, just a little psychological thing that might help. 

One other thing guys... I dunno if this is good to put here, but just a little side advice, nothing big. I smoke weed some weekends, and want to continue. Do I dislike weed on it's own because I crave tobacco and just am not used to it, or is weed on it's own really this harsh and horrible? Is it something I'll grow into, and if not, can someone advice me an alternative that makes it taste a bit... better. A quick answer will suffice. Ty.