Attempt number 2

But I'm struggling so so much. I say it's attempt number two, but it's only my second try with this subreddit, the last one was almost a year ago but since then I've tried and tried but failed every time.

I can't do this. I think deep inside I don't even want too. I do want too but I don't reaaallly want too in my head. I know the reasons, I know the benefits, I've experienced them before I quit for a week a while ago and really felt so much better.

The problem is I lack willpower on so many levels. It's such a struggle. It's so so easy for me to get a fag, my parents smoke so I just have to ask them, I even (and don't worry I'm aware how sick this is) smoke the butts out there ash tray if they're in bed. It's like a ritual. After every cigerette I smoke, I say to myself, right no more. I even throw the shit out the window. Then I'm fine until I eat, until I put on a tv show, until I just start a new action, I associate smoking with starting something, like rolling a fag while my game loads, or rolling a fag while the title screens up, or rolling one while my food digests. I feel it killing me. It's terryfying and it's causing serious anxiety issues. Everything just feels incomplete without one. I've even tried writing a song about quitting smoking with the hope that it might help

The mild smell of smoke

And the grey snow on my desk    
        
That I've become accustomed to

But I still do dread


Take me from here, to the moons of jupiter

I want to be free, I want to see the future     

This world I have made drags me down every hour

And every single time it turns my mind sour


I've constructed my ship

Primed to leave today                  

On my way to another world

Can't wait to be away


The mild smell of smoke

And the grey snow on my desk        
     
That I've become accustomed to

But I still do dread

Nothings working. E-cigs scare me because I've heard they're just as unhealthy, I'm thinking of going to the doctors. It's my willpower that's the eproblem. I just can't imagine a life without smoking. I dunno, it just feels weird seeing me in 2 years not smoking. It feels impossible. I have real issues when it comes to anxiety and depression and they become very pronounced when I'm suffering withdrawels which negatively effects my relationships. Theres so many reasons. And I understand they're all excuses but I can't help but fully believe them even though I know they're ridiculous. 

It's really hard to explain my issue here. I know everyones on the same boat. I know it's just as hard for you guys as it is for me. I just don't get it. What works? I've watched countless help videos, but I always cave in. It's getting to the point where me saying I'll quit then caving in is expected and is the norm which doesn't help. It's like even when I say I'll never smoke again, I know it's bullshit.

Argh. If anyone has any tips at all that could help, please, let me know.