Having regrets about quitting; cravings growing stronger.

I'm currently almost a month without a cigarette. This is by far the longest I've ever gone since I started smoking a little over 12 years ago. I went from 20-25 a day to zero, cold turkey.

I quit for two reasons.
1. I'm the vocalist of a band, and obviously for longevity, not smoking is ideal.
2. My company, like most, offers cheaper insurance if you aren't a smoker.

I wish I could say it was for health benefits, but I question myself on that one daily. I think in a perfect world, I would have never quit. I've always been able to run well, I never ran out of energy faster than usual, it didn't (openly, or at least knowingly) affect my blood pressure, my heart rate, or anything that I'm aware of. I know that long-term, it probably would have eventually, but I never noticed anything and neither did my doctors. Hell, I remember being 18 at soccer practice running up and down the field with a cigarette hanging out of my mouth. The only thing it ever did was cost me some money and give me coughs from time to time.

Anyway, along with checking the "non-smoker" box, my company also requires that you complete a 3-week program to "prove" you've quit, since I've been a smoker on their insurance before. I can honestly say that the whole way through the program, I hardly had any cravings. I was so sure that I was done. Whether ignorance or confidence, I had it in the bag. The past few days, the cravings have been popping up harder and harder. I keep telling myself that it's just my smoker's mind giving it everything it has before it dies out, because it knows it's the end.

I don't miss the coughing. I don't miss knowing it would one day kill me. I don't even miss the small buzz. What I miss is stepping outside for a quick puff. I miss the smell. I miss the taste on my tongue. I miss the feeling of a cigarette burning in between my fingers. I miss packing them, opening them, pulling out the first one from the package. I miss the social aspect - all of my friends are smokers. I started running every other day, and it felt okay, but died out quickly with the long hours I've been working during the holidays. I can't find energy to get up and go to the gym. I work 3rd shift, and the only way to have a normal life is to wake up well before work and sleep during normal business hours; however, this leaves me unmotivated to do anything at all. I've put on a few pounds. I catch myself eating constantly. I started chewing mint-flavored toothpicks to try and cope, but I still want food.

I moved about two hours away from home a few months ago to a place where I know 5 people total. I don't see any "friends" for almost a week at a time. While I think the change in schedule and habit helped immensely with quitting, I think it also may be hindering my recovery. I have no support but myself. I have nothing to do all day outside of work and sleep.

While I know that I won't go back to smoking, I want to stop missing it so bad. I've tried to be very upfront about my cravings. I've never lied and said I didn't want one. I simply said that I was choosing not to have one.

Will it ever... calm down? I've made the choice to stop. I didn't have to.
I don't want to start again, but misery loves company and I seem to be moving downward fast.