From stoner to smoker.

I used to despise cigarettes. All four of my grandparents have died from lung cancer. All four were mad smokers and as a kid I had developed a hatred for death sticks. even up to about age 16, I kept that hatred alive and burning.

 I started smoking pot when I was a senior in highschool. Not every day use, but enough that at least half of my paychecks were spent on weed. I was living at home, I had no bills, and I was very frugal for a young kid. So I wasted my money on pot. I had too many bad experiences with pot and as I grew a little older, I realized that pot just wasn't for me. I couldn't handle the paranoia, and I felt like every time I was high I turned into this big, dumb lump on the couch. This was bad, as I have always been very energetic and enjoyed being active. I haven't since smoked any weed, but due to some of my good friends being stoners, I felt left out every time i declined a toke session with them. Some of my friends also are tobacco smokers so I started bumming cigs. Good replacement right? Well as you all know that you never want to be the guy who constantly bums, I started buying packs of my own. 

It started out with a few cigs while my friends were toking, and a pack would last me like 3 weeks. Now, a junior in college,  I'm smoking a pack a week and I'm now smoking completely by myself every night. I never thought I'd turn to cigarettes as a vice, but due to my high anxiety and stressful schedule, I need a few minutes by myself to calm down. Weed is no longer that vice, but it's been replaced by something far worse. I used to just have a joint every night, chill out and watch some tv or eat until I passed out at night. 

I have a hard time sleeping if I don't have a cig before bed, or I can't work on my schoolwork late at night without a cig break. I don't really know who to turn to for advice as all of my smoker friends have no intentions of quitting, so I'm just looking for some words of encouragement, or some helpful tips to start my journey of becoming completely smoke free. 

P.S: sorry if I rambled, I'm kinda freaking out right now because tonight is my first night without a smoke. 