Didn't know I was addicted but...

I only ever smoked on weekends, or when I was stressed out. More often than not I threw packs out before I finished them because after a binge I'd feel so gross that I couldn't stomach the sight of a cigarette. If I didn't want to shell out for a pack I'd buy some cigarillos, which I always inhaled and smoked down to the very end. I just recently connected how awful I've been feeling on and off for the past couple years to stimulant sensitivity -- my body adapts to chemicals at an insane speed and my withdrawals are always horrible. I can't have two 20oz bottles of soda within two days of each other or else I'll feel horrible for a week or longer. But I never realized nicotine was a stimulant so I kept on going. 

So I've cut them out. I had no idea I'd be feeling this terrible. It's been about 10 days since a heavy session. I've been waking up randomly throughout the night unable to fall easily back to sleep. I started out anxious and foggy, it got better for a couple days, then yesterday hit me again at full force. There's no way to explain it other than I feel drained. It's so clear that I don't have enough dopamine or acetylcholine or whatever else is affected by nicotine consumption. I used to take ADHD meds by prescription before stopping cold turkey and it feels a lot like that. Not quite as bad but more frustrating only because it doesn't seem like a few cigarettes here and there should warrant this level of misery. I hope I'm right that it is nicotine withdrawal and that shortly I'll be feeling myself again. 

I think that for years I went through minor withdrawals but because I kept replacing the nicotine stores in my body it never got to the point that it's at now. A few months ago I moved to my dad's house and it was a lot harder to sneak away for smokes so I stopped. There were some rough patches but I figured it was just bad anxiety and after a month I was feeling better. But I just got back on my college campus last week and celebrated with cigars and cigarillos, and I guess the dependence came back full swing. It's not a clear case but it's the only thing that makes sense to me. 