How vaping almost killed me

Here’s my story. 
I’m currently a college student who thought that vaping would not hurt me and how smoking would strengthen my lungs. It all started on 4/20 freshman year of college. I took my first hit of marijuana and since then my life has spiraled in ways I never thought would be possible. All it took was one hit and I was hooked. I wanted to get high anywhere and anytime regardless of whether I had assignments or exams. The summer after freshman year(may 2017-September 2017) I decided to start dealing in order to support the smoking habit I had acquired. This resulted in me pushing small quantities at first but soon it had become a business. I ended up being the sole supplier of an entire township and due to this I was making more money than I knew what to do with. I made about $10,000 profit in 3 months. Since I had all this cash that I did not know what to do with I ended up smoking more and more. Usually a full gram cartridge will last about a week, maybe two weeks if you are hitting it sparingly. I would go through a full gram cartridge every single day along with smoking about an eighth of weed every single day. By the end of the summer of freshman year, I was smoking a full gram thc cartridge and an eighth of weed daily. However, my parents ended up finding out about dealing and smoking but not the extent to which it was occurring. They decided that confinement to my room and drug tests would be enough to make me stop smoking. Around this time I stopped dealing as well due to increased restrictions that I had placed on me. Due to the drug tests, I wasn’t able to smoke marijuana anymore. Around January of 2018, the juul device was introduced to me. This resulted in me getting completely hooked to nicotine to the point where I smoked a pod a day. This went on until the end of sophomore year and due to consistently having clean drug tests, my parents stopped drug testing me. As soon as they stopped drug testing me, the smoking addiction came back immediately. At first getting high was efficient due to having a low tolerance and only needing a small amount of thc to get high but within a week I was back to smoking a cart a day. September 2018 the $10,000 I made during the Summer of 2017 ran out so I was dead broke once again with an addiction which was costing me a minimum of $100 in product daily. This brought me back to dealing in college and in the neighboring county’s around me. However, I expanded into the wrong territory and I paid the price. November 2018, During a deal for a pound of marijuana, 500 Xanax and 300 perc’s; I got robbed. The kid trying to buy the drugs ended up ambushing me with another car with his friends. He had 4 of his friends show up with 1 shotgun along with 3 glocks. The kid with the shotgun kept pumping it to scare me into giving him the drugs.  They put me in the back seat of the car until they got the drugs. Since the drugs were in the trunk of my car, they took it and threw me out the car while driving away. After this everything changed. Prior to this there was never an issue or dangerous moment while dealing. So this changed my entire mindset of the game and forced me to be safer with my deals and to only stick with people I know. Since then, I have not had a bad encounter due to the fact every single deal I planned to make sure I could get out quickly if needed. Since December of 2018, I have smoked juul and carts on and off. There would be a few weeks that I would go through a full pod a day and a full cart a day but then I would also take a break for a few weeks due to parents or exams. This went on till around until June of 2019. After June of 2019 I smoked a full cart a day and a full juul pod daily until August 7th of 2019. On August 7th of 2019 I took my last juul and cart hit. That day was the beginning of a living hell for the last 3 weeks of my life. I ended up catching pneumonia after leaving the gym but did not realize what it was until I went to the doctors office on August 9th. By the time I went to the doctors office I had fevers,chills, and had been vomiting anything I ate since August 7th. I had lost 20 pounds of weight by the time I went to the doctors office and was barely able to walk. Once I was diagnosed with pneumonia I was immediately put on antibiotics to stop the damage and attempt to stop the spread of pneumonia. However since I had already waited 2 days before going to the doctor, it had spread significantly enough that I was unable to breathe and was wheezing on every single breath. It is important to note that this was not life threatening at this point though since my lungs were still able to function. Although they could function, I ended up waking up around 1am August 10th unable to breathe and was rushed to the er. There I was given an IV drip to help me regain some level of hydration along with a nebulizer treatment to help open up my lungs. The next morning at around 6am I was released and I felt a lot better and was able to walk around a little bit which was a vast improvement from when I was rushed to the er. I thought after this everything would be over but I was extremely wrong. After the ER visit, I saw the doctor every other day so that he would be able to monitor the antibiotics effects on the pneumonia and see whether it was spreading or not. My condition progressively got worse to the point where I had a 106+ fever every 2 hours. I was taking 1000mg Tylenol every 4 hours and it was not effecting the fever for more than 30 minutes at a time. After the 7th day of fever, I was admitted into the hospital on August 14. They asked me all kinds of questions and then tested the oxygen levels in my blood. My oxygen level was 74%. Usually most people have an oxygen level of above 96% so having a 74% oxygen level meant I was literally suffocating. My lungs were failing at this point and they diagnosed me with respiratory failure. After that, they put me on a high flow oxygen tank in the icu. Normally when people arrive in the ER for breathing issues, the maximum amount of oxygen they receive is under 5 liters of oxygen per minute. They had to put me on 25 liters of oxygen per minute to keep me from suffocating. At this point I had stabilized to an extent due to the steroids,antibiotics, and high flow oxygen pump. When the doctor took an X-ray of my lungs, he said that “I had cooked them due to vaping”.  Since I had “cooked” my lungs i was unable to breathe and was constantly hyperventilating. On August 17 at around 3am my lungs once again stopped functioning properly. The doctors had to increase the oxygen pump to 50 Liters of oxygen per minute at 100% oxygen content in order to keep bringing enough oxygen into my lungs to keep me alive. After about 2 hours of this, I was able to breathe to the point where the doctors were able to reduce the oxygen to 25 Liters per minute at 60% oxygen. Through constant nebulizer treatments every 2 hours, breathing exercises, steroid and antibiotics IV drip every 4 hours and a continuous saline IV drip I was able to get off the oxygen pump and recover to a certain extent. After 6 days in the icu, I was finally released. Since then I’ve had doctors visits every single day. The cause of this hospital visit was smoking carts and juul and it has caused me permanent fibrosis in my lungs. The media has caused a false perception that vaping is the healthy alternative to cigarettes but it really is not the healthy alternative. Cigarettes will take an extended period of time before there are side effects;however with juul and carts, there are side effects which are starting to present themselves. When I was admitted in the hospital, I was the 10th case worldwide for this issue but now there are 100s of cases and now as of August 26th, one individual actually died due to vaping.  The reason I’m writing this is because vaping has become such a social and wide spread thing in college that it is difficult to avoid it when with friends. I get that the first two weeks will be difficult for cravings but please trust me when I say it gets better. The complications I went through due to vaping is not worth it and if this story helps even one person stay away or quit this poisonous habit I’ll be satisfied.