Made it 11 days and then caved....

I've been a smoker for over 10 years now. Half a pack to a whole pack per day. I've wanted to quit for the last 8 years. The longest I ever made it without smoking in the entirety of the 10 years was 5 days during my honeymoon. 

11 days ago I went on a 5-day vacation with my wife and daughter and in-laws. I quit the night before. I made it through the 5-day trip. Easy enough.... I didn't have the stress of work or anything really. I got back from the trip and the next 6 days was then resisting the temptation during my normal everyday life. I was coping by working less hours, putting off any obligations that weren't essential, playing lots of video games, drinking pop, and taking Ibuprofen for nausea and muscle soreness and tension. Then today I caved. It's been 11 days and rather than "the first 3-5 days are the worst" that so many people who quit and websites told me, it actually started getting worse and worse starting day 7. My body was hurting more and more. My face was constantly tingly and it felt like all my nerves were firing all the time. It was wearing on me day after day. I kept finding ways to avoid gas stations and was using every mental trick I could think of to keep trying to hold out and not give in. But after 11 days of stress on my body and mind, many of which were cloudy and depressing, I couldn't take it any longer. At least that's what I told myself when I caved. After I finished the first cigarette, I remember thinking "you totally could have managed without caving. You would have been fine". I also know that even one cigarette, no matter how long it's been, re-establishes the full chemical addiction, so basically I just wasted 11 days only to have to start all over again. I blew such a great opportunity to get through the first 3-5 days with my vacation, and my schedule and obligations are only going to be getting more demanding over the next few weeks, and I can't be putting things off any longer.

I feel so fucking stupid. I knew better. I saw all the warning signs: cloudy depressing day, feeling tired, not having structured time to keep me busy and moving, physically worn out, tired, but I didn't resist. I didn't remind myself of all the times I've caved in the past and how stupid and mad at myself I felt afterwards. I didn't tell myself to just wait it out for even 10-20 minutes I would have been fine. I didn't tell myself that doing ANYTHING would have been better than smoking. 

Why the hell did my body start feeling worse and worse every day instead of feeling at least some amount of relief? I don't understand. I can't imagine having to do this all over again knowing that it is total shit for many more days than I originally thought, especially with how busy and difficult my schedule is about to get this upcoming week. 

Rant over. 