Question about nicotine levels in your body, and also other withdrawal questions.

Everywhere I read, it says that by 72 hours after your last cigarette, your body has cleansed all nicotine out of your system and that you should test negative for nicotine. I had my "last" cigarette last Friday at 9:30am, so theoretically by approximately 9:30am this morning (Monday) I should have been nicotine free. I took a nicotine test thingy from my work (I work at a residential treatment facility where we have these little nicotine test packs that, as far as I know, are accurate) at 2:30pm today, and I still tested positive for nicotine. So naturally, since I'm an idiot, I snapped, and I went and bought a pack and smoked 4-5 cigarettes. 

My question is this: is it possible for the body to take longer than 72 hours to be free of nicotine? I've heard that any activities causing heavy perspiration (exercise, hot bath or even sitting in the bathroom with the shower running and letting the steam build up) will cause you to sweat out the nicotine faster. Do I need to o that next time? Will my body experience the same intensity of withdrawal symptoms no matter how much I smoked (4-5 cigs) or will it be less since my body was used to a half-full pack a day? 

I'm frustrated because this weekend was perfect since it was my 3rd year wedding anniversary, so my wife and I were at a secluded cabin basically relaxing, watching movies, and swimming, so I had no stress and none of the usual cues/triggers. It was the perfect start to quitting. Starting today, however, I will be working almost every day for the remainder of the month. All the same routines and triggers for smoking..... the commute to work, break time, and work-related stress. 

And honestly the withdrawal wasn't even that bad this time compared to my past attempts. I was irritable at times, but I kept my cool pretty well. The nausea, chest tightness, restlessness, and muscle tension/pain wasn't terrible the first 3 days, and today it was the least noticable. I noticed a lot less throat/nasal irritation, less dry-mouth, less restlessness (when normally I was constantly waiting very impatiently for the next time I could smoke), and I wasn't needing to constantly pee and poop like before (which I'm thinking is because nicotine is a diuretic and makes you pee/poop more). I caved not because of withdrawal or stress, but because I was frustrated about still testing positive for nicotine, and also because I felt.... bored. It was as if I couldn't think of anything to get stimulation. I have ADHD and need constant stimulation in order to not feel bored, and that's one of the reasons I've had such a hard time giving up a habit that gives me that. I haven't been exercising, doing house projects, or seeking out other physical or social activities as much because I can just smoke. Which makes me physically unhealthy so then I don't want to exercise or get out and be with people. 

I just need answers and encouragement right now. If anyone can provide some insight or knowledge about anything I've mentioned, I would greatly appreciate your input. Thanks!

**TL;DR** Went 72 hours without smoking, still tested positive for nicotine, caved briefly, want to know if withdrawal the 2nd time around will be less severe, don't know how to fight the boredom trigger**