Is there a way I could make myself less sensitive to cigarettes?

When I was about 10 I started developing more reactions to cigarettes than usual. I never smoked a day in my life (for one thing I'm only 17 as of 2015) and obviously I don't ever intend to.

My problem has come from everything from standing outside buildings where everyone will light up, to going into houses where smokers live. There even was a time when I was at an AM trak station and my stop happened to be a designated smoke break. I ran across the platform holding my breath (which was bad because I lost track of my mom) and this one guy blew his smoke RIGHT in my face and I felt really ill that entire day from that. And I recently stayed at my aunt's house where she smokes in a designated room, but the room is open to everywhere and it would come upstairs to my cousin's room and make us both sick. When I came back from her house, I still continued to feel ill for a couple of days, partially because the odor leached into my suitcase and everything in there smelled like cigarettes, and even that made me feel sick. Even walking by smoking rooms in hotels WITH THE DOORS SHUT has made me sick before. 

Here's what happens to be exact.

I will cough violently and my chest will hurt. However I will also feel nauseous (and I even threw up in one case) as well as dizzy. I've even occasionally felt frail and sleepy afterwards as well. 

It isn't just cigarettes that cause this problem for me. At Chipotle,  THEY WERE using some cleaning solution (not sure what kind) in the kitchen and that made me sick, as well as a few weeks ago, my boyfriend blew a speaker in his room and the odor from that made me nauseous (I accidentally blew it toaster back in 2009 and it put off a very similar odor and made me sick as well). Oddly enough though is there are other chemical related smells that give me no trouble at all, such as solder fumes, windex, and even burnt plastic (though it may depend on the type). 

But cigarettes are not only my worst trigger,  they're the most common trigger of this reaction. And my problem is I can't always avoid them. I try to ask people not to smoke around me and they often don't listen, even when the problem becomes very noticiable, as well as not always having the choice to leave the area. 

So I want to know what I can do if I'm around cigarettes, and don't have a choice to leave or say anything. It does interfere with a lot of things I do. Is there like a medication or something I could use?