Here we go. Day One.

I've attempted to quit countless times over the past year.
I made it 9 months without a single puff, until last summer, and since then, I've been struggling to quit again, only making it days, weeks, or up to one month before giving in.

Over the past few weeks, I've been working on being able to make the decision myself to quit, not to wait until I have no more tobacco left, or for the right time. Even if that meant destroying the cigarettes that I had left.

Last night, I bought a pack of Newports at around 7:45 pm. I went out drinking, and smoked 3 or 4 of them, and I was home around midnight thanks to one of my sober friends.

After getting home, I was hanging out with my brother and one of our friends in my garage, and I started thinking about how terrible cigarettes are, how much they make me feel like shit. 
The more I thought about it, the more my anger and vitriol towards the poison grew, and so I took the rest of the newports out of the pack, and prepared to snap them in half.

Before I could destroy them, I puked my guts out all over my garage floor, for at least a minute and a half, to the disgust and terror of my brother and my friend. 
But when I finally stopped, I destroyed the cigarettes, and it felt like I was quitting in a way that I have never felt before.

Quitting has always been up to the tobacco for me. Whenever I think about quitting, the deciding factor has been how long it would take to smoke the rest of my cigarettes, cigarellos, or cigars before my next attempt. It would stop me from quitting, and make me smoke more.

Last night, I decided that I didn't need to smoke 16 more cigarettes in order to quit, because I don't need to smoke any more cigarettes. 
I destroyed the poison for the first time, after all the times it has destroyed me.

I already know how hard it is gonna be, but this time, I made the decision for myself instead of letting tobacco decide when I quit and ultimately fail.

This is my first post here, and I try not to spend too much time here, as it makes me think about cigarettes, but I wish everyone good fortune in their quest to kill the demon once and for all, and thank anyone who took the time to read this.