My housemate just took up smoking! I was like :o

Background: So I live with two other guys, one of whom (J) smokes and was my main smoking buddy before i quit; the other one (D) has always been a bit judgmental towards smokers and quit 3 years ago (having been a very light smoker for a year). I quit 83 days ago (woop!) after 6 years of 5-10 a day.

So tonight me, J and D were all hanging out in my room chatting when D casually pulls out a pouch and rolls himself a cigarette :o :o :O..... I was so surprised and confused I didn't even tell him I don't like people smoking in my room since I quit, I just watched him roll one up and ask me for a lighter. Speechless, I passed him the one I use for 'other things' and watched him light up... eventually deciding not to say anything because I know how pointless and annoying that is to hear when you're a smoker.  Now, I found it quite rude of him to just smoke in my room in front of me seeing as he knows I quit 2 months ago and he even said 'smoking is so fun', I mean what??? who says that? but I let it slide and just ignored it for the most part.

Ironically I'd had a big craving earlier on in the day due to an argument with my gf (quit buddy) but got over it quickly (the crave, still pissed about the issue) and so I didn't even consider joining my two housemates even though, thinking back, that was a prime opportunity for the nicotine molester to strike me down.

So in the end I wasn't tempted or 'jealous' of him because it's not something I particularly want to do anymore but it has made me anxious for the future; if someone like that can take it back up on a whim what's to say I don't relapse a few months from now?
Should I have been like 'whaaaaa? whaat are you doooing?' I'm a quiet guy so it's not like I'm the right person to talk him out of smoking, but should I try to make him aware of how easy it is to get hooked again?

Mostly just wanted to vent as I haven't posted in a while, replies are appreciated though and I will read them all :)

Big ups to my fellow quit-mongers, we're keeping it fresh.