I'm 23, and I've made the decision to quit smoking.

I realize that title looks like I'm at some sort of AA meeting or something! LOL 

Anyway, so I guess I'm here because I need some support from people who are going through or have been through the same thing. I started smoking at 17. I can remember exactly how it started. I had had a fight with my mom and I decided I needed to have some time away from her just to give things a chance to cool down, so I packed an overnight bag and called my best friend. She came over and we walked to her house. 

While we were walking she lit up a cigarette. I knew she smoked and I had never really thought much about it before, but this time, instead of ignoring it, I said "Can I have one of those?" And of course, she picked on me a little bit, but she did give me one. It made me cough at first, but then I started to enjoy it because it gave me something to do to take my mind off of the fight with my mom. I spent the night at her house and I ended up smoking three more. 

A few weeks later, I was smoking every day, but I still thought I could quit anytime I wanted. Eventually, I got up to a pack a day (sometimes more). 

Fast forward to now. I recently got a bad respiratory infection. I've been able to fight off infections on my own before, so I didn't really think much about it. Then, the other night, I couldn't breathe. No matter what I did, I couldn't seem to catch my breath. I ended up in the ER and they gave me a breathing treatment. I don't know why, but this was what made me think about quitting. Being 23 and having a nebulizer mask on your face can do that to you, I guess. I guess I just realized that if I kept smoking, this was going to become a regular thing, so, about 45 minutes ago, I threw away my smoking supplies. I use to roll my own, so I had a rolling machine, a bag of tobacco, and a box of filters. I just threw them all away. 

Right now I'm feeling ok, but I don't know how I'm going to feel tomorrow. I'm sorry for the long post, I tried to break it up a little bit so it wouldn't be just one big wall of text, but I guess I just had to tell my story. 

