The only thing that worked for me

I've been smoking for about a year or two, heavily addicted for the past 8 months, smoking half a pack or more each day. I know a lot of you have been smoking for a lot longer, but I can tell you I was absolutely hooked. I loved smoking, it was always my friend when I was sad, lonely, bored. I even became closer friends with the "porch crew" smoking cigs outside a party. 
I tried quitting over 20 times, if not more. Every time I failed and bought a pack, I would tell myself, " I'll quit after this pack". Pretty soon I realized my insanity.
I hate cigarettes, they smell and people don't want to be near them, and people give you shit all the time. But what I was most afraid of was the lasting effects of tobacco use. A smoker who has smoked for 20 years or more, is pretty much guaranteed to die of either lung cancer or emphizema. This thought haunted me, and I knew I had to quit now since I am only 20 years old.
The biggest obstacle I had to face was my love affair with cigarettes. I love how they look when smoked. I love how they taste, and most of all I love the light headed rush you get with you first drag.
One month and 12 days ago I smoked my last cigarette. I used a vape pen with nicotine in it, over time lowering the nicotine levels in the pen. After trying cold turkey for months, a friend told me what I was doing wasn't working. With the help of a bet with my roommate, I decided I needed to take steps to quit. So I bought my vape pen and have been using it ever since. I love breathing in the water vapor and holding the pen the same way I would with a cigarette. It feels good. Soon I will work my way down to no nicotine and I will be nicotine free!

No doubt every smoker has tried multiple times to quit, for me I felt hopeless, like I might as well never try because I couldn't quit successfully. But I did! I'm almost not sure if its too soon to be proud of myself, but reading this sub has encouraged me this whole way and I hope my story can help anyone else with technique for quitting that for me actually WORKED!!!

How I quit:
1. I used an app on my phone called Addiction Counter, but there are tons of alternative apps out there on the market. Basically it just counts the days and hours since you've quit. I kept my timer as a widget on my home screen to motivate me.
2. QuitNow! is another app I used that rewards you will recovery milestones and money saved on not buying cigarettes. I have save over $150 so far!
3. Make a bet or have a friend keep you on track. My bet was a challenge between me and my roommate on quitting bad habits. Make the stakes high, our loser had to jump naked in freezing water (I won!). For some, betting money might be better, but the most important thing is that you absolutely don't want to lose. You'll be mad at yourself later when your cravings get bad but you'll thank yourself in the long run. 
4. Nicotine replacement. Whether its gum, a patch, or like I used, a vape pen, this technique makes it twice as likely you will successfully quit. You can buy many levels of nicotine oil, all the way down to none. Vape pens can be as cheap as $20-$50, cheaper than buying cigs.

Anyway I hoped this helped!