Day 7 + Depression

Hi there. 

I decided to seek out this forum as I've used Reddit for a while and might as well use it for something beneficial (well, more beneficial than looking at cats and such). I've been trying to quit smoking and am finding it very difficult at this point. 

I guess the real focal point of this post isn't just on how quitting is in itself exhausting and filled with it's own anguish, but more about how you folks have managed to cope with the anxiety and depression that comes from regular life situations that often would trigger needing a cigarette. 

My real struggle right now is with the simple fact that many aspects of my life are highly stressful and I've used smoking (for better and for worse) as a coping mechanism and to some extent a tool for socializing with friends and coworkers. They actually helped me become more social, frankly. But these days I'm working in a group home environment with mentally disabled guys who are often verbally aggressive and occasionally physically violent. 

Moreover, I've found smoking to be the "best thing" for me given many other previous issues such as ODing on prescription drugs, being institutionalized for a little while, being stricken with panic attacks through much of college, being on medication for depression/anxiety/sleeping trouble, etc. I sort of worked all of these things out in my life through a number of methods (tried counseling, didn't work so well; eventually settling more on my own type of meditation and such). At the end of the day, I "like" smoking. I just don't like the toxicity of addiction, the cost (for the past several years I've been smoking about 3-4 packs a week), and the long term destruction of my health. 

It would be beneficial to hear from others, especially those who had to deal with similar types of things while taking to the challenge. Also, I'm sure this has been answered many times, when did you cravings really begin to subside? I've read online and didn't experience many physical side effects of quitting until about day 4 or 5. I am literally feeling extremely tense at the moment and my body is shaking just from the thought here at day 7. 