Maybe I Will Never Quit.

OK, I haven't posted on here before, but I am an old hand at quitting smoking. I have done it dozens of times. Literally dozens. And today was day 1 of a much-anticipated and planned-for (I thought) quit date, a date I was literally in a hurry to get to the past few days. Just READY. Last night I smoked a pack and a half, which was about as much as I could stand, and today woke up so happy. 

Now i want to kill myself and/or tearfully crawl to the 7/11, a ten minute walk. 
I started smoking when i was 10, but I didn't really get to be a regular smoker til i was 13 or 14. Since then (I am 42) I have tried to quit at least once every few months, and have quit for a year there, a year here, two years there, 6 months there etc. but never permanently. In fact I am beginning to think I never will. 
I tend towards depression and always have. The first time I wanted to kill myself I was in 4th grade. Old hand at that too. 
Those dopamine doses literally get me through life at times. Honestly. I can't count the times when my heart was so broken or my spirit so low and cigarettes gave me balance. Gave me that few-seconds reprieve. And also helped me control my emotions. 

So, witness- me, in a blathering mess, which is what usually happens, and all my emotions bubble to the surface. Every goddamn thing that is wrong becomes a monolithic, dark cloud that makes me reason; "i'll never be able to let that go. my solitary joy. my late night best friend, the thing that helps me handle the difficulties of my life". its like someone asking you to take off your coat in a snowstorm. it takes more grit and panic and pain than i can possibly muster, perhaps. because i never make it for long. 

I think depressives are especially, acutely at risk of just plain failure. I don't take antidepressants and never will, too sensitive to medication (nightmares, worse depression, freakshow weight gain etc) and so I feel like my depression and smoking are linked forever and ever in this waltz unto death leading me into an early grave. and then i wonder, why stick around anyway? 
This is where my head is stuck, i could use someone telling me i am full of crap. Please. 