Day 2 (27.5 hrs smoke free)

Hi all, This is my 1st attempt at quitting cold turkey and so far so good!  I posted yesterday about having quit alcohol 4-5 months ago (thanks again r/stopdrinking) and how i thought I was ready to stop smoking also.  I was sat smoking and realised it was the last one in the pack..then the idea hit me..what if I were to make this my last cigarette EVER….Of course I quickly panicked because NO WAY was I ready to just quit, I would need at least 4-500 cigarettes before I said goodbye to them forever….and then quietly, consciously I entered into my ‘quit’ app that I had stopped smoking and very soon after noticed that it had been 2 minutes since I gave up smoking, it had begun.
Day 1 was super easy..Day 1 without alcohol was also super easy, I knew this was a marathon not a sprint and that the 1st 24 hrs can be tricky but not impossible to overcome.  I chewed a pack of gum, ate a pack of biscuits, a banana, 5 sticks of celery, drank 4 litres of water, finished my kitchen shift with a big pot of green tea and a quick 5 minute meditation session (thx ‘Headspace' - could not do this without you).  The cravings were not as intense as I thought they might be, they were not exactly ‘pleasant’ but I managed to concentrate on my breath and see the cravings approach, I watched almost from afar as they circled above and around me, I maintained my breath and my concentration, finally I observed them trail off into the distance.  This happened 5 times, and each time I pretended I was a suffering birthing contractions and just breathed the cravings awa.  Didn’t realise how much saliva shoots into my mouth when the nicotine monster wants feeding, and it tastes awful as well…that’s when I used a minty gum to take the taste away and of course give my mouth something to do.  I read for about 10 minutes before sleeping peacefully.
Day 2 started earlier than I would have liked, I woke after 6 hours sleep and felt a little anxious, a little panicky, a little uncomfortable.  I think this may have been the nicotine monster trying to get me to ‘play the game’, so I acknowledged his/her/it’s efforts to get me to smoke first thing in the morning when I’m groggy and not properly in control of my thoughts.  I lay there for another 30 minutes but to be honest I felt the onset of a craving but knew that it was almost my own fault.  If I just lay there and start to worry or forget my breathing exercises then naturally I will be giving Mr. Nic ‘o Tine an excuse to turn his loudspeaker on and preach at me.  I got up, made a big pot of tea, guzzled some ice cold sparkling water and started a mild stretching routine i’ve not properly started yet, now is my chance, if i’m not smoking I may as well be stretching, or planking, or squatting, or something, anything.

This brings me up to now really, I’m a chef and have prepped already for tonights service,I’ve ran/walked/hobbled almost 7k and I’m now about to read a chapter or 2 of a book.  Normally I like to play xbox or watch movies but the association with smoking seems a bit too strong at the moment.  I never used to smoke and read at the same time so less chance of a trigger craving with a good book.

thanks r/stopsmoking for letting me type this here, it helps me tremendously to be accountable and to rid my head of the build up of words.

Oh, and to all those ahead of me, I salute you, I’m a gonna catch up real quick.
And to all those behind me and beside me, let’s tough this out