My biggest tip to those who are serious about quitting

I've been smoking for about four years now and have tried to quit numerous times in the past. My longest streak being a little over a month and a half.

I have, again, made the decision to quit this unhealthy habit of mine. But this time I feel as though I'm armed with a simple yet effective weapon and It's been working wonders for me this past week.

That weapon is a sheet of paper. On that paper is listed the countless negatives of smoking ranging from long range & short range health effects (such as: respiratory health, sexual health, heart health, dental health, etc), to the social constraints, and even the bad influence smoking has on children who look up to you. On the bottom portion of the back side I have calculated the approximate time I have shaved off of my life by smoking- in minutes, hours and days. Along with pictures that depict the classic "healthy lungs vs. smokers lungs" and a picture of a dude coughing (since my smoker's cough has increased and has been very irritating recently).

I carry that paper everywhere with me. Folded up, sitting in my pocket whenever I need any bit of assurance as to why I'm quitting, and why any justification I give to light up again is totally out-weighed by the facts on the paper. At first I would have to read the list through every time I had a craving, but now I've gotten to the point where I read the list once a day (usually when I first get in my car) and whenever I have a craving I literally just reach into my pocket and clutch the folded sheet of paper.

Honestly, writing this out makes me realize how stupid this might sound, but every success story I've heard is usually coupled with a plan or strategy. Each plan is meant to be different to fit best for the individual quitting. So just remember, there is no set formula that works 100% for everyone, and that's why we're here, to help each other realize what our own tailor-made and most effective plan consists of. Anyways, Goodluck to you all!