Day 2, and Those MIND GAMES!!!!!!

Hey guys. Hopefully we are all en pointe today and haven't murdered the entire populace of our respective towns yet. 
I quit Sunday, fell off the wagon Monday, got back on yesterday, today is Day 2. 
One thing I would like to talk about here is all the CRAP THOUGHTS we have when quitting, and seeing if anyone can relate, so we can all deride and dismiss them as they deserve. 
When I woke up this morning I looked through all that I had written last night (keeping a diary/journal is something I have done me whole life- i recommend it- there is nothing better for self-insight) and I was just so disgusted. I was so conscious of the mind games (FINALLY) that I played on myself that always seemed to lead me back to smoking, and I'd like to share some of em, I am sure you guys can relate. 

1- I'LL START BACK SOME DAY. 
I thought, "if I get the to the point in my life when I know its done, and dusted, and I am alone with nothing to live for I will just smoke again. That's something to look forward to". (ACTUAL QUOTE. How twisted is it that I look BRIGHTLY towards a future of NO FUTURE just so i can smoke? THAT I LOOK BRIGHTLY TOWARDS MY DEATH so that i can SMOKE? THE FUCK IS THAT?)

2-Endless googling of "smoking isn't as bad as they thought" or "smoking can be healthy" or "smoking benefits" etc 
HAHAHAHAHA. As if. Sure, there are a few sketchy sites online where you can find idiots who will tell you that there is no CONCLUSIVE LINK between smoking and lung cancer, or smoking and disease of any type, or smoking and your limbs rotting off. Except of course there is. You gotta remember that these sights are just shills for the tobacco companies, who are like the defense attorneys of Satan, who will tell you that Hell isn't so bad, you'll always be warm and all your friends will be there....

3-That (insert health problem here) isn't a consequence of smoking, so why quit? 
I live in Los Angeles, so occasionally I can say, "eh, that cough, its SMOG! SMOG! Where are my cigarettes?" Even tho smog in this city has decreased HUGELY, you can actually see all the way down the street in Silverlake in summer, unlike the old days. But hey, who am i to stand in the way of a good ol' habit-affirming lie? 
Also- I get pains in my legs if I am in a hurry and walking too fast. This is a recent phenom. Understand I am kind of a badass who can walk 20 miles in a day and not be bothered, who doesn't own a car and gets around by walking and biking all over the place. Yet I am getting these pains. BUT ITS JUST BECAUSE (insert lie here). No, its because of smoking. Period. 

Its amazing the fool lies we tell ourselves to help us try and "negotiate" our way to keeping our habits. I realize its kind of like the stages of grief- and bargaining is one of them. We are in denial, and bargaining, and refusing to believe- because it IS a kind of grief, breaking a habit. We have to let go of something we love. Or think we love. 

And ladies- this might help too- there was a boyfriend I had a few years ago that I would have been better off shooting and burying in the desert (metaphorically speaking). But I kept going back to him. Over and over. For three years. 
Sometimes its good to remind yourself that YOU DON'T ALWAYS KNOW WHATS GOOD FOR YOU. That maybe you gotta pull up your big girl pants and go against the stuff you WANT. Because wanting, what's wanting? You don't always crave a nice nutritious smoothie. But that might be what you need. 
Alright, thanks for listening/reading, guys. Hope everyone is hangin in there.