I quit smoking. 9 days in. Feeling great.

They say there's a 7% chance you'll succeed in quitting the first time you try. They say there's a 3.5% chance you'll succeed quitting cold turkey. So far, I'm both of those statistics. 

I quit smoking due to a loss in my family. I haven't smoked since. I was always convinced it would be super hard - but under the right circumstances it was actually fairly easy. I don't remember my last cigarette because I didn't realize it would be my last. That helps - there was no unreasonable sense of "goodbye" to cigarettes. 

The first 3 days were the easiest - my focus was on family and the funeral I attended. At day 4, I made the conscious decision to take the opportunity of not smoking and run with it. It's day 9. I already get less chest pains. My mouth tastes better. I can eat less because food actually tastes awesome again, which means I need less to feel satisfied. I feel more positive and less like a downer. I have more focus since I don't need to run out for a smoke at the first bit of stress. I've already saved about $30 in cigarettes. Not much, but it's guaranteed weekly now. Getting paid to be healthy? Hell yes.

My desires to smoke come back in certain instances. After eating, after drinking and when my mom talks about religion. She talks about that shit like *she's already died and knows something we all don't*. I assure you she's just getting dementia slowly and is scared of dying herself in 20-30 years. I eat 2-3 baby carrots to satisfy the oral fixation and by the time I'm done I don't want to smoke anymore.

Quitting would have been difficult if I were back in college partying. But now I'm in my 30's, have less smokers around and I'm looking toward investing in my future health. I only smoked for 5 years, about 5-10/day. I can't say that I will never pick up a cigarette again, but I can say that I'll never become a "regular" again. I know too much now about the whole shitty process. The numbers. The companies involved. The health effects. The majorly shitty negativity it has on your relationships. 

I hate to admit it, but people treat you differently as a smoker. People think of you as unclean or less of a "good guy"...everyone see's the "bad boy" smoking in movies so cigarettes become associated with a bad boy attitude. Or like a villain or something. It's like a girl with a tramp stamp. We all have our pre-concieved notions of "those" people. And of course it's unreasonable. Let me assure you, I'm not a "bad boy", I'm not the villain in a movie. I just smoked because it felt nice while drinking a beer. 

However, smoke long enough and it starts to feel shitty eventually. Then I started looking for opportunities to get out and this one came along. If you want to quit bad enough and the opportunity comes up, you will if you focus. I'm not that strong willed. I'm nobody special. If I can do it, literally anyone can. I'm the type of person that once I make a decision I stick with it. I don't like making decisions sometimes, but if I do, then I keep going with it. This was one of those things.


