After three years of smoking, I know it’s time to quit for more than just my health but I can’t seem to stick to it

So I apologize for the word vomit and unnecessary story telling, but I finally realized I will need some help from others if I’m going to do this. 

I have always had a fascination with cigarettes. I saw them in the movies and in music, and I thought it was just cool and it was this idea of like not caring about anything and just doing you. I started smoking in college when I was going through a rough time and started drinking and that’s how it progressed. Then I studied abroad in Europe and became a for real smoker about a pack a day. That was three years ago. 

Since I’ve seen my breathing deteriorate (used to run 5Ks), but I can’t seem to stop. There’s a lot of great conversations and bonding I’ve had happen over a smoke break and some of my best friends I got to know over a burner. But now I’m trying to start a podcast and do voiceover work, and I know smoking will affect my long term success in that field. Then my girlfriend hates it and I hide it from my family. I only smoke a few a day and can stop for days at a time if I’m around them, but I always fall back into it. 

I got a vape and was hitting that way more than I wanted to so I stopped that. There’s always packs around my apartment because my roommate smokes, so I fell back into it because I never have to buy a pack and can bum one. I’ve keep trying to distract myself, but if my roommate asks me if I wanna smoke and talk or if I’m winding down right before bed, I tell myself it’s a “reward” for a hard day’s work and not smoking to that point.

I want to run 5Ks again. I want to preserve my voice. I don’t want to hide it anymore. But even as I type this, I want to go have one “final cig” and act out that romantic persona I’ve attached to smoking one last time. But it never feels like the last one. 

Sorry for the long post, but I hope reaching out to this community instead of passively lurking will help me get on track. If nothing else, I hope this reminds you why you stopped smoking and know this young adult wants to be you in a way. Thank you so much for any wisdom and encouragement in advance, I will try to make sure it isn’t wasted. 