three weeks in- more irritable each day

Almost a month ago I was in the hospital for a couple days. When I got out the smell of smoke and the taste was just absolutely disgusting.

In the hospital they gave me 14mg nicotine patches, but the box says that based on how much I smoked I should have started with much more in the patch. I stuck with the 14 because I figured I was surviving (miserable, but surviving) and may as well skip Step 1. I was planning to switch to the 7mg this week, but my partner wants me to wait until after the holidays to move to the next step. I'm about three weeks in with this. I just want to get it over with as soon as possible, but I'm also reading that the longer one is on NRT, the better the chances of not returning to smoking.

For the first week, I was really irritable but it sort of subsided for a while. The last few days have been really rough though, and I'm assuming it's because of the quitting process because I'm in winter break and shouldn't have anything to worry about. 

I'm becoming more irritable by the day. I'm easily frustrated and overwhelmed by just about everything. I'm getting less 'cravings' but the irritability is getting worse. I try really hard to be a positive person but as the days go by without cigarettes I become more and more irritable and unpleasant to be around. My body is almost consistently uncomfortable for the last couple days. Simple tasks that I used to smoke during and get them over with, like cleaning the apartment, have become monolithic in my mind.

I had hoped things would sort of start to normalize after being on this dosage for a few weeks, but today I feel like shit. 

Is this normal to feel this way after three weeks of NRT? How did you cope with the increased irritability? 

I'm struggling a lot with focusing. I can't do anything for more than five minutes at a time. 

Should I have a puff off my boyfriend's vape when I get some of these really intense cravings, or will that just make this harder in the long run? I think smoking was self medication for my anxiety and depression and while I've learned a lot about coping in therapy, losing cigarettes feels like a serious set back to my mental health. 

Please don't suggest other drugs for anxiety, I'm not doing other drugs. The goal here is getting off of all drugs. If I want to do drugs, I'll smoke. Tobacco is the best goddamn drug on this planet.