Stepping out of the lurking shadows for a minute.

Now - given my reddit history I think it is safe to say that I mostly lurk. I have never really felt a strong need to contribute to anything, and reddit in itself has been more of a pastime for reading rather than me actually being part of a community. 

That changed last week, without me really realizing. On September 15th, I stumbled upon /r/stopsmoking. I have only been a smoker for about 4 years, and picked up smoking at the age of 20 (like the idiot I am). All my friends were smokers and it felt strange being the odd one out at university - I was always the one left inside to watch over bags and books while the rest stepped out. Thus, at the age of 20 I had my first cigarette during a drunken splendour, and told myself I would only smoke during parties. It did not take long for me to smoke on a daily basis.

My biggest problem was that I did not mind smoking. It felt like a social thing and when we were out drinking, we always had a great time. Then my grandfather passed away from lung failure. He had been a smoker most of his life as well, and my father was told that if he wanted to live three more years he would have to quit immediately. So he did. A couple of years ago my father confided in me that pretty much the entire side of his family has succumbed to something lung-related and that us smoking is pretty much a death sentence. But, young and dumb as I am, that did not bother me much. "I have plenty of time to quit, I am still young," I kept telling myself. All up until last week, when I found you guys.

You lot made me realise I do not want to smoke anymore. I read all these positive stories, I read the struggles, I read the failures, the uplifting comments and this warm, loving, supporting community. I do not think I knew it at the time, but that night I had (what I hope to be) my final cigarette. I believed that when I was going to quit it would be for health reasons, that I would just postpone it until I could start feeling the cigarettes take their toll on my body. The day after I found you guys I did not have a single cigarette and I have not had one since. Perhaps best of all is that I feel no particular need or urge to pick them up again. 
Therefore, what I wanted to say was thank you. Thank you for being a great community that supports each other and helps each other out, making it possible for so many people around the world to finally stop smoking. Thank you. 

TL;DR: I was not able to put down the cigarettes until I found this sub, and wanted to thank this amazing community for what they do to help each other.

Also an obligatory apology if grammar is not on-point, or punctuation seems all over the place. I am not a native English speaker.
