For those that used ecigs: Does this seem reasonable? (Sort of an odd quit strategy)

Long post, but I'd love input for anyone who can give it.
I have already attempted to quit cold turkey and with the patch. I apparently have no will power in this regard. Surprising because I can muster self-control in other areas of my life. I noticed long ago that using an e-cig (just for the experience) results in zero cravings, interestingly this is true at both 18mg and 12mg without an increase in consumption rate. 

I now want to try to make this into a custom quit attempt. My non-smoker quit partner will notify me when my quit date arrives sometime in the next 80-110 days or so (explained ahead). 
In the meantime: I have a range of e-cig juice that with nicotine contents of 12, 10, 8, 6, 4, 2, and 0 mg/mL of nicotine. They are the same flavor/brand. I have a way to blind myself to the nicotine strength and number of containers used while still using them in descending order of strength. The throat hit is high enough that I cannot tell the difference between 12mg and 0mg nicotine by taste. I will be using the juice at 3mL per day. This is my hard limit to sort of ration around (always have been able to ration if not quit). Any leftover juice will be discarded each day. I will be at each strength for around (but not exactly) 10 days. My plan is to use the e-cig as I did for a few months before, but with a very gradual reduction in nicotine dose. I am taking 12mg/mL right now and using just shy of the total amount. I will be doing so for an unknown period of time before my quit partner discretely begins the 10day dose drop cycle. I will be unaware of the point when I hit zero nicotine, or any other milestone for that matter.  At the conclusion of this sequence, my quit partner will inform me that I have reached my quit date. I will then quit entirely. I may continue the 0mg e-cig ritual for an indeterminate period of time if I choose. Does anyone see a problem with this rate of nicotine reduction? 

TL;DR  Has anyone very slowly reduced their e-cig strength to help quit altogether?
