10 years smoking, 3 Months cig free, how I did it...

I figured I would share my story here since I am a little proud I quit, and hopefully sharing it will help others....and me stick to quitting :)

Started when I was 20 or so, picked up to a 1-2 pack a day habit. I tried patches, lozenges, gum.... Generally I found that those just allowed me to increase my daily mg of nicotine intake and I was still smoking a few cigarettes a day. I would characterize myself with an "addictive" personality. My compulsiveness and self control has improved a lot over the past years, but quitting was still a challenge. 

What really worked was transitioning over to an e-cigarette. I tried a bunch of different set-ups and settled on the aspire tanks. They work much better than other entry level tanks, which can be so frustrating they make you  grab a cig b/c its easy. 

I started with all the flavored stuff, but in the end I bought bulk nicotine juice and supplies to dilute it down. I never liked any of the flavors, and the taste of plain liquid is no worse than a cig. It's also less offensive and does not seem to make the air "sticky" as some flavored version do. Most importantly its CHEAP. I feel like people who use the flavors are spending just as much as they did on cigs. 

I started at a high nicotine level, like 12 -15 mg/ml. At first I was smoking too...increasing my nicotine mg/day by a ton I am sure. What the e-cig does do is if you have a craving, hit it few times and it will push the craving down the road a while. 

Making the full transition was hard. What I recommend is a total change of environment/habits. Like a vacation. I was fortunate that I travel for work a lot, so leaving behind typical smokes, smoking spot and schedule made it easier. 

Once I was off cigarettes I started to drop the nicotine level of the e-juice. This website is handy:
http://www.physiologyweb.com/calculators/dilution_calculator_mass_per_volume.html

I have been dropping levels every 2-4 weeks. I just started 4 mg/ml, which is just about the lowest you can purchase. I might mix one lower before hopefully being done forever. 

I hope this is helpful! Good luck everyone. 