Why I WANT to Become a Non-Smoker

Motivation for the Journey Ahead:

1. I do not enjoy smoking. The closest thing to enjoyment that I get from smoking comes from satisfying my urge for nicotine. Smoking started that urge for nicotine and only resets my desire for more nicotine every time I do it.

2. Smoking costs a lot of money. I would rather spend that money on something I enjoy that isn't killing me.

3. I will die one day. I want the life I will have until then to be as enjoyable as possible. Cancer, heart disease, etc. do not seem like enjoyable things to consistently seek out by continung to smoke.

4. I want to be able to do physical activity without immediately getting out of breath and feeling sick.

5. Smoking doesn't only make me feel physically weaker. Every time I smoke a cigarette I feel weaker of will and more reliant on a crutch that doesn't solve my social and emotional issues, even though it convinces me that it does.

6. Believing the lie that "I need a cigarette" makes me feel negatively manipulated and controlled for someone else's gain. It is not true. I do not need a cigarette. No one does. The closest truth to that would be that "I crave a cigarette".

7. Cigarette cravings are invasive and annoying.

8. The act of smoking is annoying. For example, feeling the need to stop doing something I am enjoying and put myself in uncomfortable environments (hot and humid summers, rain while I'm driving soaking myself and my car, the cold in the winter, etc) to renormalize myself is annoying.

9. I hate the taste that gets stuck in my mouth about halfway through the day. I hate the feel in my mouth when I've smoked too much. The closest thing I can compare it to is a copper taste that colors the rest of my day the same dull, yellowish-brown of my fingers and teeth.

10. I want to enjoy food again.

11. I don't want to be self concious of my smell because I can't tell how stong my smoker odor actually is. It's not only the smell of my breath and hair but the smell of my clothes and car too.

12. I don't want a large part of my self-image to be defined by something as personally meaningless and self-defeating as smoking.

13. I don't see any benefits to smoking (outside of releaving my urge to smoke) that are essentially connected to smoking itself. It does no good for me that I can't get from something else. It does do a good deal of bad. It only makes sense to walk away from it.

Now that I've defined for myself not only that I want to become a non-smoker but also why I want to, it is time to develop a plan.

The general idea I have at the moment is to count the number of cigarettes I smoke for 3 days (one down, two more to go).  I will use the average amount smoked during this time as my maximum cigarettes allowed starting point.

Over the following 49 days I plan to use the Xeffect method (along with a smoking reduction app) to decrease from my 3 day average to 0.  Thats when the journey to becone a non-smoker will truly begin.

My thought process is that cigarette reduction will help me incorporate new routines and habits to replace smoking without giving up from a fear of future-failure like I have done in the past (the concept sounds so foolish at the moment... The reasoning behind "I might fail so I might as well make sure I do that way at least its my choice or some other shit). 

I plan on tracking my progress, documenting my cravings and the situations they arise in, noting any failures (to try and adapt for the future), and celebrating any victories. I also plan to keep sharing in this community. I think it helps me stay accountable to my comitment and it might help someone else the way that the others who post here have helped me.

I welcome suggestions, constructive criticisms, critiques, encouragement, questions, and whatever else you might want to share. Thank you all for being a part of this helpful community. I'm glad this exists.