No cigarette since December 27th. This is my tenth real time trying to quit smoking... and this time I really mean it. Also, I think I found the magic formula for quitting.

Hello! My first post here. As I stated in the title, I haven't had a cigarette for close to a month, and I am now on my third day of no nicotine whatsoever. 100% clean, and it feels great. Here's how I did it:

First of all, I always try quitting on a Monday, because I work Monday through Friday, but if you don't, try quitting at the beginning of your work week. You're gonna need:

A bottle of Nicorette (or generic equivalent) lozenges. The gum is worthless and tastes disgusting.

A tin of nasal snuff. Snuff is NOT chewing tobacco, but rather the only known form of tobacco that doesn't lead directly to cancer. It is a powder that you inhale the essence of. There are a variety of ways to ingest the stuff. I just hover my nose over the lid and inhale gently... I just get the essence or the flavor. I don't actually inhale the stuff, which can get pretty disgusting.

Might not be a bad idea to get a nicotine patch, if you REALLY like smoking, anyway. I tie a long bandage around my arm to make sure it doesn't fall off throughout the day.

A package of sour Warhead candies. 

I was a morning smoker, so having a lozenge ready to go first thing in the morning was important. I found that if you had the lozenge handy and had it in your mouth on the morning commute, after two or three minutes, the craving for a cigarette would subside. I nipped the craving in the bud. I prevented momentum from building. Then, you start noticing how free and easy you can breathe without consuming a massive amount of tar in the morning. You feel dumb for wasting thousands and thousands of dollars on tobacco throughout your life. Then... you start feeling superior to smokers you see throughout the day. 

Long story short, there are no items in the plus column of smoking. There are countless items in the negative column.

I think the reason this time I think it's really gonna stick is because I found out recently that the reason my grandmother is missing teeth is because she smoked for decades. I never made the connection, but... smoking also causes tooth loss. To continue smoking is like signing your own death warrant. 

Anywho... that's about it. I find that after the third day, things get much easier. 

Use the snuff for breakthrough cravings. One tin is about $5 and lasts for months. Also, you'll run out of lozenges pretty quickly and you can't always find a Fred Meyere or Wal Mart nearby.

The Warheads are something I thought of... I work inside mainly, so when I go outside, my brain immediately goes to "have a cigarette while you can!" So instead, I'll eat an extremely sour Warhead, which takes my mind off of everything else for about 30 seconds. I'm trying to rewire/trick my brain into associating the outdoors with sourness instead of smoke. I think it's working.

Good luck! And... I'd like to hear of any tricks you might have. I went out drinking last night. I wanted a cigarette, but I didn't cave. 