2400 cigarettes not smoked since January and £1,200 not chucked away to government or tobacco company. Yeeha!

I have zero desire to smoke. Allen Carr changed the way I thought about tobacco. 

Anybody still unsure if they will cope with quitting, miss smoking or be able to handle it right now this moment? Just quit! There is no mystery behind it, you will have a small period of readjustment and then you will be free of your drug and addiction. 

Do not be afraid, do not let cigarettes and tobacco and nicotine in particular cause you to be fearful of quitting. I waited too long to quit because I thought I wouldn't cope or that I needed to smoke. That bullshit was nicotine forcing my subconscious to trick me that I needed it, liked it even, wasn't functional without it. Total bullshit.

Allen Carr taught me that every time I put out a cigarette I started craving one again, amongst many many other good things this for me was crucial: a cigarette just makes you start craving another and withdrawing until you top up on the drug again whereby the process starts again...

When you stop your physical craving will be there at the forefront, but it will reduce steadily, rapidly even, until it ends as your body is released from the physical dependence. For most people this will be around two to three weeks. The rest of the time it is just a mental game, triggers will make a smoking impulse appear, often out of nowhere. I picked a friend up from the airport last week and had an urge to smoke briefly. When I thought about it I realised it was because airport used to equal cramming as much nicotine into my body before getting on a plane. Learning and understanding your triggers will help you stay quit.

The points I really suppose I am trying to make are:

1. Do not be afraid to quit. Any fear you might have is your addiction trying to prolong itself.

2. Read Allen Carr Easyway, go in open minded and embrace the text.

3. Visit here and vent when you need to, it got me through week one painlessly.

4. DONT EVER QUIT QUITTING. People are fallible and we can all fall off the wagon, please, if it happens dust yourself off and start again. You miss 100% of the shots you don't take remember.

5. Feel like a boss and in control of your life when you crush that addiction.

Good luck and believe it really is as simple as stopping. The rest is just noise that will reduce in volume every day!