Feel like Shit but I QUIT!

I'm 19 days 17 hours & 6 minutes! I feel like shit! & everyone says oh you'll feel so much better! Truth is I don't. And it's ok. My stomach hurts, I'm bloated, headaches,  I can't hardly do anything because I used to smoke even before I vacuumed. But there is one thing I will tell you, smoking is a drug, it's available every corner. I'm a hypocrite! I eat clean, super clean! I workout, I take care of myself! I love being thin. I avoided quoting because of weight gain. But I smoked. STUPID STUPID STUPID. I lied to everyone including myself. I was a closet smoker & a liar. I'm 48, I do not look my age, but aging is catching up, I HATE the wrinkles. I'm super positive, this is the hardest thing I've ever had to do. I like smoking yes, that's the truth. So I prepared myself for quitting.  I research the internet constantly looking for a miracle.  I did come across this app smoke free, well it's not free it's 4.99. Which I did contemplate, but then I use to pay 12.03 for a pack of smokes! Anyway I don't work for the company, but I will tell you it helped me tremendously that's why I'm posting this. Its one of my missions. It gave some great ideas. Still you, you have to WANT to stop. I want to stop, so I take the day as it comes, if I need to rest or go to bed early I do. If I can't go to the store I don't. If I can't workout, I walk my dog. And every time I think of the memory of smoking, I drink a bottle water. I bought a vapor waste of 100 bucks! I am using the patch. Which helps a ton!!!! I haven't really gained any weight. But 1 thing I learned is everyone is different and you don't have to be a statistic! Healthy eating is the key. And my most favorite thing of all, is my skin, not just my face but everywhere on my body. Cigarette smoke sucks the life out of me! Literally I don't want to die because I killed my Self, I'd rather get hit by a bus, out of my control. Have a good night, that's my story so far, much love! And hope that someday I'm going to be ok ;)