Quit a year ago, how things are going.

I'm not the best with words, so apologies in advance, but maybe this can help someone, or at the very least give an extra push. I quit smoking a little over a year ago. I had wanted to for a while, but for one reason or another, I couldn't. It was always something like "I have too much going on, I can't quit right now." or even as small as "Well, I've got the pack, may as well finish it." and that pack turned into another, and another, and another.

But I always wanted to quit, and so I decided that I would try different things and see what worked. One thing I tried was the e-cig, but it wasn't as satisfying as a real cigarette, and felt weird. What REALLY didn't help was being around people that smoked all the time. Sitting there with this thing that doesn't really calm the urge, and seeing the thing that would right there, it was hard to keep my resolve. So that didn't last. 

So, next I tried switching to the light cigarettes, but I ended up smoking more and feeling less satisfied, so that went away pretty quickly. I think the similarity between the e-cig and the light cigarettes is that it didn't scratch that craving itch, and seemed to make it worse. It seemed like more of a constant reminder that I wanted a cigarette.

So, I gave up for a bit, but eventually the desire to quit kept nagging at me, and I thought alright, lets try this again. I thought about how I wanted to smell, I wanted to be able to run, I wanted my sinuses not to feel the way they felt. I wanted food to taste normal, and I wanted to not smell like an ashtray. And I thought about my past failures, and decided that If I was going to do it, I needed to think positive, and tackle this head on.

And so, my last few attempts to quit were cold turkey. The first couple times maybe lasted like a day, two at the most. But eventually, it worked. It sucked a lot, but I pretty much used force of will to get through, continually reminding myself that this is a great way to better myself, I'll regain these things I hadn't had in a while, and I can be free of this financial and health burden. 

I remember something I thought a lot when I was quitting was "What am I going to do now that I'm not smoking? It's such a big part of everyday life." and it wasn't an easy change, but changing things around me made it a lot better. In the beginning, being away from smokers made a HUGE difference, because I wouldn't have that reminder. And I told everyone that I was quitting and that I needed their support. Sadly, some people felt that support meant "Look, if you're feeling this way, you should really have a cigarette!" and I had to be wary of that, and support myself by saying no. That, to me, was a big part of success, was being able to say no, despite how badly I wanted to say yes. 

Another thing that helped take my mind off things a bit was candy. I bought some mints, some gum, some gummy worms, and when I felt the urge come up, I would eat one of those. And for however long the candy lasted, it was a bit of a distraction. I would also watch movies, tv shows, and go for a walk afterwards instead of having a cigarette.

I'm beginning to ramble at this point, but a year later, I feel a lot better. I can run without coughing at all, I can smell all the smells I couldn't before, and in general I feel better. And I know you can do it too, my ways may not work for you, but if you keep trying, stay positive, and have a strong will, you can kick this addiction in it's ass and have your life back.