Hey, team. Day 0. First post here. Seeking advice, support, wisdom, whatever you have to offer. Much love.

Born addict here.

January 2011: enter cig-smoking girlfriend, enter cigs

March 2012: exit cig-smoking girlfriend, cigs remain

July 2013: first quit attempt, lasted 3 days, relapsed

July 2015: second quit attempt, lasted 10 hours, relapsed

August 22, 2015 (today): smoked maybe 7 or 8, decided spontaneously to make a third quit attempt in the early evening

Here's where I'm at:

Been smoking 12-15 of these things a day for a few months now. I was probably doing 10 a day for a couple years. I was planning to quit on Sept. 1 of this year, but earlier this evening, it'd probably been an hour or so since I'd smoked one, and I was thinking, "Hm, probably about time for a cigarette now." Then I thought, "Ugh, you don't even want it." Then I was like, "Okay, let's just quit right now, and try to ride this wave of resolve," since it's rare that I would be able to say no to cig so long after having smoked one (an hour lol, I know, not that long). So I broke the pack and a half that I had left from my last carton and burned 'em in a dumpster. 

I don't want cancer or any of the other health garbage that comes from cigs, I want to feel *good* on my *own*, and I don't wanna be a damn slave to *anything* ('cept coffee, that's okay, but maybe I'll quit that eventually too). I want to be proud of myself for my strength over this garbage. Are these reasons strong enough to succeed?

The problem: I do *enjoy* smoking cigarettes; yes, I'm addicted, I need them, I know, I wish I didn't, it sucks, but I also do simply enjoy them. It's tough to separate the addictive factor from the enjoyment factor but I do believe they're distinct. But maybe this is my addict brain.

Anyways, been lurking here for a while and I'm finally reaching out. I'm very, very heavily active on /r/leaves and it's been a huge help to me, so I thought I could find some good support here. I really love these reddit support groups and think they're some of the most positive, loving pockets of internet that exist amidst a sea of what is mostly hatred and porn.

**TL;DR:** I'm over 3 months sober from weed after self-destructive, daily use for over 3.5 years, and now ready to start the battle against cigs (not here to debate whether or not weed is addictive, so please don't bring that up to me). Smoked cigs for 4.5 years. I'm just seeking advice, support, wisdom, tips, notions of what to expect in cig-quitting so as to be best prepared for it. Thank you kind redditors and successful quitters. Oh, and I'm 23, and not interested in e-cigs (had one for a while, just made the nicotine addiction worse), or patches or gum or any of that stuff; I wanna go cold turkey.