I've been quitting for 10 years

I first wanted to quit when I was 24, my daughter was just a baby and I realized that if I kept smoking the way I did, I would be dead by 50. I averaged a pack a day, sometimes more, for the better part of my smoking career. 

I tried patches. I would go down to step 3 and finally be able to go a day or a week with no nicotine, only to have something trigger the urge so intensely that I broke. I tried the lozenges. Same thing. 3 months ago, I tried cold turkey with Allen Carr. I went almost a month, then some stupid drama happened and I convinced myself that smoking was the answer. 

Again, as always, I was wrong. Recently, my ex's (mother of my daughter) step father was diagnosed with stage 4 lung cancer that had already metastasized in to his liver. I found out a week ago and used the few remaining lozenges I had to ease me in to quitting for good. It's not like he and I were close but at any moment, he is going to die. I only know this because my ex wants me to be there for my daughter to help comfort her. All it is really doing is making me question my own mortality. Thinking of him, having smoked for 35 years and having quit 3 year ago to STILL have this shit come at him, laying in that hospital bed just wondering to himself, "why I didn't I quit sooner."

We can all watch a thousand commercials of people laying in a hospital bed, all fucked up from smoking and think to ourselves, "that won't happen to me." but let's face it, it's more likely to happen then not for most of us. I was a chain smoker. If I continue that path, the only thing I have to look forward to, is laying in that bed when I'm 60, bald and thin from harsh drugs to try and eradicate the cancer I helped to build, instead of enjoying my later years with my grandchildren, my wife and my hobbies. 

I'm done. Something has finally clicked. 3 days in with no nicotine, I have no urge to smoke. I have had headaches, I had severe stomach pains the first day, but I don't want these things in my life anymore. No matter what promise of "warmth" and "comfort" a cigarette can provide me for just a moment in the now, I say fuck it, I want the future to be better. I just have to remind myself, "feel like shit for 3 weeks, feel better for a life time." and thus far, the hardest part, I feel like it is truly working. Allen Carr's method didn't work for me. I couldn't convince myself I was a non-smoker. I'm an ex-smoker, that will always have some small part of me that wants to light one up, but my resolve to be healthy from now on will always be stronger. 

Just wanted to vent to those that know what I'm going through. The wife, the mother, no one really gets the addiction in my life. I hope all of us can one day put this devil weed behind us and remember who we were before we started. Everytime I want one, all I think about is him, curled up in bed at 64, waiting to die in a few days. Here's to 3 days turning in to 3 weeks and 3 months in to 3 years. 