Am I taking the right steps?

First off, i'm 27 years old and have been smoking quite consistently for approximately 12 years. Leading up to last week, i was around a pack a day smoker - sometimes I'd smoke 15 cigarettes, sometimes 22. I recently found out that i am going to be a father and decided to quit smoking, and i wanted to ask my approach could be considered a good method. My cigarrette strength was 12mg.

I am currently on day 6 of my quit smoking plan. I have 4mg chewing gum that i use when the cravings get bad (I use between 3-6 a day), a non-nicotine e-cig to help me through nightshifts and allow myself 1-2 cigarrettes within 24hrs if im getting too irrationally angry (i seem to get angry easily with withdrawals). My fiancé holds the pack of cigarrettes and gives me one of the 2 max if she feels im being too aggressive or irritable, and one for nightshifts (9-10 hour shifts).

At present, I am able to go without a cigarette or gum after waking up for around 3 hours before the cravings start kicking in, and they aren't as intense as they were. I usually have a piece of gum and then wait around 4 hours before i feel the need to use another piece. Today the cravings were noticeably less frequent and less intense than they were on day two or three of cutting right down.

I am currently on my lunch break at work (0230), and havent had a cigarette for 20 hours. I may have one soon and aim to have my next at this time tomorrow if necessary, and i will avoid it if possible. I feel as though I have cut down on my nicotine intake quite alot, and that this will help me quit altogether in the long run. I no longer cough in the morning when i wake up or when i am physically exercising (after only 5 days of cutting right back). If i were to completely cut out smoking within the next 3 days, and then gum within the 3 days after, would this be a good method to quit? 1-2 instead of 15-20 is a big step, am o to expect the same transition from.now to none? Has anyone else had success quitting like this?
