1 year smoke-free anniversary!

I did it and it was way easier than it seemed it would be. If you are still thinking about quitting or just quit and are on a verge of slipping back into smoking - don't put this insanely harsh baggage on yourself. I mean, we all have heard about the obvious benefits of quiting, like better health, more money and so on, but what I myself value the most is... freedom. I wonder, before quitting, how many times a day I thought about cigarettes? Whenever I woke up, the first thing that came into my mind is if I have enough of them until my closest visit to the grocery store. Whenever I was eating, rather than enjoying the meal, I kept thinking about how I'm going to smoke after i finish my dish. Whenever I had nothing to do and could just relax and enjoy the moment, that moment was not complete without a cigarete in my hand. I'm so happy right now that my mind is free and I can enjoy food, the company of my friends or just walk my dog without tobacco accompanying me. And it's so sad to see many people fail, because of the believe that all of the moments in life that they enjoy so much are going to be less enjoyable without cigaretes. It's the opposite! And all of the rumours about cravings for a smoke even after a year of quitting are completely exaggerated. I'm way more glad that I quit than I want to have an occasional cigarette. And the biggest mistake that people around me make, is thinking that smoking is a habbit and not an addiction. I swear that I don't know a single person that quit smoking, while still believing that it's more of a habit than an addiction. And what amazes me is how many people still deceive themselves that they don't want to quit or that they could do it any time they wanted to. From my point of view an example of a habit would be checking if your oven is off before leaving the house. But you woud stop checking it if you were to sell your oven, right? And that's exactly what saparates a habit from an addiction. Nicotine addiction slowly becomes a habit of smoking, but it's still a nicotine addiction. And once I understood that, it was soooo much easier to quit! Thanks to all of the people on this subreddit for keeping me motivated and I wish you all the best in your smoke free lives!