Relapse hacks: How I am battling relapsing

Hi guys!
I just read a post here on /r/stopsmoking that I could really relate to. It was about someone relapsing after 185 days and other new quitters saying that the thought of having urges this far in really discourages them from quitting.

Despite smoking for over 10 years, ending on 20 Marlboro Red a day, I never really suffered too much from smoker's cough / feeling too bad from smoking oddly.

I ended up quitting because my teeth were going a bit yellow and I did start to notice an impact when I was trying to play any sport with my friends.

My current quit and by far most successful (longest was probably 10 weeks before) has been cold turkey. I used patches for about the first 4 days and since then been nicotine free.

Recently, I have felt that I have been very close to relapsing. Mainly because I sometimes feel - what is the point? I haven't felt tons better, I didn't really notice a big increase in taste or smell. I just kind of missed smoking.

Taking advice from here, I thought long and hard about my initial reasons for quitting smoking, the money I'd saved and the pain of the first few weeks and how I didn't want to go back.

This may not be the same for everyone, but my turning point has been, running. Plain and simple. I've never really done it before and I thought after 6 months not smoking my lungs were "mostly clear". How wrong I was.

After trying to run a mere mile, I was coughing and stirring up all manner of filth at the bottom of my lungs and generally felt pretty awful. I guess this "dead area" is where a lot of "stuff" collected and never got cleared out.

Anyway, I've been following [this plan](http://www.bupa.co.uk/running/training/training-programmes/beginner-5km/) and I'm only on the 4th week but the progress I have made is astonishing.

I've always considered running to be a bit boring and those that did it a bit preachy about it, but after the first couple of weeks I am looking forward to my next run.

My lofty ambition is to complete the 12mile/20km [Tough Mudder](http://toughmudder.co.uk/) race in October.

This is what is keeping me from relapsing at the moment, because **I can't have both**. I can choose between my fitness and smoking.

I feel like I have finally "traded" something for my smoking habit now, whereas before I had simply "lost something" for no tangible gain.

So, if you are struggling and thinking about relapsing, find something that was too difficult or not really possible to trade your smoking habit for. It might not be running for you, but find something. It's really helped me and when I feel the burn on my lungs, it just reinforces that I never want to start again.

Stay strong fellow stopsmokers!