A Useful Technique for Smokers Wishing to Quit...

Hi folks,

I've just discovered a useful exercise I'd like to pass on for the beginning of the quitting process, if like me you are still guiltily smoking, know you ought not to be, and are having trouble getting in the right mindset to quit...

Inspired by [this Video from Annie Grace](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gBSdwRj3LtE), for my DIY version you will need:

- Your cigarettes or tobacco &amp; papers, lighter, ashtray etc
- A good light source and your reading glasses if needed
- A digital camera e.g. phone or tablet
- A table or similar flat surface in a neutral colour
- A mirror
- A clock
- A notepad and pen

From what I understand, our Addictions can 'hide' in a sort of mental 'blind spot,' because so much of it is has become ingrained habit without much conscious thought involved, a bit like driving a familiar route in your car without even having to think about it... It's as if we are on 'autopilot'....

The same smoking ritual is performed perhaps 20 or more times every single day for years on end, and constantly reinforced through repetition as we mindlessly obey every craving and trigger... This technique helps to get the conscious mind engaged again, and may be useful in managing cravings post-quit...

Do this exercise when you have not had a smoke for several hours (or however long you can manage) so that your craving for a cigarette is strong:

Sit at a table if possible, wherever you normally smoke, preferably somewhere quiet without other distractions, in good lighting so you can see what you're doing....

Set up the mirror so you can see yourself, and the clock so that you can see it, and have all your smoking paraphernalia to hand... 

Make a note of the starting time of the exercise: you will probably really want a cigarette right at this point, which is good... Perhaps on an arbitrary scale of 0-10, the craving is at around a 9 or 10, i.e. Absolutely Gasping For A Smoke....

Here's the key bit:

*Pause* - pay attention to how you are feeling and what you are thinking in this moment, and make any notes you want to...

Then take a few minutes to really examine the smoking items in front of you... Look at them closely... read any writing on the package (even the small print), shake the packet and listen to it... bring it close to your nose and *really* smell it, good deep sniffs... crinkle the wrapping and feel its texture...

Take a closeup photo of the cigarettes, filling the whole screen, and look at the photo carefully...

What are you thinking and feeling now? Do you notice anything? What's your craving like? Make any notes you wish to...

Take out a cigarette, or roll one if you are so inclined.... do this very slowly and deliberately, observing your actions and pausing at each little step.... ask yourself what you are doing and why, or describe what you are doing out loud, as if explaining to a Martian who had never heard of smoking....

Look closely at the cigarette, as if you'd never seen one before.... smell it, listen to it, roll it between your fingers... Examine it.... what *is* this thing? What's it made of? What is it for?

Take a closeup photo of the cigarette, and look at the photo...

Put it in your mouth, but don't light it yet... What does it feel, taste and smell like?

Make any notes about what you are thinking or feeling right now... Is the craving bigger or smaller? Make a note of the time on the clock....

Pick up the lighter and examine it closely, as if you had never seen one before... what is it made of? What is it for? How does it work? Does it have any markings or writing on? What does it feel and smell like?

Light the lighter, but not the cigarette yet.... blow it out and put it down... repeat a few times and observe yourself doing it...

Make a note of what you are thinking and feeling... where is the craving from 0-10 now?

Take the cigarette *out* of your mouth, and light the appropriate end using the lighter.... look at it, without taking a drag... smell the first wafts of smoke, just hold the cigarette and watch what happens as it just burns down for a little bit.... what are you thinking or feeling now? How does it look, feel and smell? What's the craving doing? What are your expectations of this cigarette?

Take a quick picture of the burning cigarette you're holding, then you can put it in your mouth and actually inhale if you want to...

How does it taste, feel, smell? What can you see and hear?

Continue to smoke the cigarette as you usually would, and keep noticing how you are feeling, and note the information coming from your 5 senses.... Watch yourself in the mirror as you do so, and/or video yourself smoking it to watch later.... What do you see or notice?

Smoke that cigarette right down to the last revolting drag....

Stub the cigarette out in the ashtray, then examine the butt, ash, etc.... take a big closeup photo and examine that... Note down what you see, smell, taste, feel, etc....

How much time elapsed since the start? Did it feel longer or shorter? How are you feeling? What is your heartrate doing? Any cravings still happening? Etc...

Hopefully you get the general idea.... 

I've just tried this, and it was a real eye-opener.... next time a craving hits, I might do the same exercise again, or just look at the  photos, video, notes etc from the first time...

I reckon by doing this exercise, the mind is forced to pay attention with conscious awareness to every step of the process again, and can get some practice at feeling the craving, surfing it mindfully, and then watching it dwindle over just a few minutes without necessarily giving in to it or completing the ritual smoking process from start to finish...

I certainly haven't looked closely at a tobacco packet in donkey's years, after they started making the Health Warnings REALLY BIG AND GRAPHIC, with all sorts of disturbing pictures.... it's like my eyes (and mind) would just skate over and ignore it, without the message really registering.... 

The 'Junkie Brain'  is a funny thing...

Hope this helps someone! Thanks for reading, if you read this far...

Woody :&gt;)&gt;

&amp;nbsp;

^(Edited for clarity)
