I won't miss....

Hi folks!

I’m gearing up to quit a 15-year tobacco habit very soon, having recently bid cheerio to an alcohol addiction of a similar duration with the help of r/stopdrinking…
 
I’m intending to apply the same methodology to smoking, with my newly-sober resolve – this time, it’s gonna stick!

With that in mind, (as I sit here smoking my third rollup since waking up 3 hours ago), I thought I’d list all the things I’m not going to miss when I say cheerio to the tobacco:


 


1.	THE EXPENSE! Dear God… I’m flat broke after years of being a slave to expensive, pointless addictions, which I have allowed to cheerfully rob me blind… The Tobacco Companies are probably going to have to lay off half the staff, whenever I stop buying their disgusting product… Between us, my partner and I have smoked for over 30 years, and are spending over 100 Euro a month on tobacco, which we simply cannot afford – Madness!


2.	THE STINK! Like most smokers, I can’t *really* smell it (although my sense of smell is better since I quit drinking)… I certainly notice it when I visit my parents’ house, where no-one has ever smoked… No matter how carefully I wash and air my clothes beforehand, there is always a faint, lingering whiff of stale nicotine in them… My Old Dear has a nose like a Bloodhound, and can smell if you’ve even *thought the word* Cigarette at 500 yards… Having to try and hide it from them as a teenager was utterly pointless, and unsuccessful… Madness!



3.	THE MESS! Little bits of tobacco and fag ash everywhere (especially at the bottom of every pocket and bag, and next to the bed and sofa), as well as bits of shredded cardboard roach material and loose rizlas scattered about the place like confetti… The hoard of almost-empty tobacco packets and nearly-dead lighters, squirrelled away for emergencies…. The burn holes in clothes, the lingering stale smell in the curtains and lampshades, the tarry dust on high shelves, stinky ashtrays full of squashed dog-ends and ash, etc etc… Madness! 

 
4.	THE PHYSICAL EFFECTS AND CRAVINGS! The brown stains on the backs of my teeth, the mark on my bottom lip from millions of handmade cigarettes and spliffs, the orange stain on my fingers, the gakky throat, tasting tar at the soggy end of a rollup; waking up with a mouth like the bottom of a birdcage and immediately reaching for the tobacco, the tired-looking skin, etc… I have a small dog and huge cat, and it can’t be doing them much good either to be around me smoking… The constant nagging worry over how much tobacco we have left, and how I can scrape the cash together to go and buy more before the shops close, the anguish of running out or not being able to find a lighter… Smoking through colds, chest infections, sore throats… Madness!


5.	THE POINTLESSNESS! Every single one of the squillion cigarettes I’ve smoked over the last 15 years has left me unsatisfied, and immediately set up the desire for the next one… All the tobacco in the world would never be enough, so why do I keep doing it? It’s such a time-sink as well; all the minutes I’ve wasted on smoking add up to hours, days and months, which I will never get back… Madness!


6.	THE COGNITIVE DISSONANCE! I’m one of those unhappy paradoxical creatures known as the ‘Health Conscious Smoker’… I’m vegetarian, and reasonably fit and active, wouldn’t dream of eating junk food or ingesting hard drugs etc, and yet for years I had a crippling Drink problem (46 days sober at the time of writing, hurrah!) and an addiction to Tobacco – which as we all know, tends to slowly wreck your health over years, before it eventually kills you… Somebody remind me why smoking seems like an appealing idea?  The sheer amount of mental processing power devoted to ignoring the increasingly graphic and hysterical health warnings on the packet, would be far better devoted to something less toxic, I feel… Madness!

 


The Plan of Action: I’m about to turn 33 years old, and I always used to think that I didn’t want to be a smoker in my 30’s… Better late than never! My last serious quit attempt was quite some years ago now; I tried patches, Zyban, nicotine gum, all the usual guff, but none of it really did the trick for very long…. I’ve also half-arsedly tried vaping, but got annoyed about dribbling fruity goo everywhere, running out of battery or burning out coils unexpectedly, and then dropping the bloody thing on the floor accidentally and smashing it (I’ve done this more than once!)...

It always seemed easier to return to tobacco… There is also the nagging problem of smoking tobacco with weed, when I have it, in the standard British unfiltered ‘Spliff’… When there is no weed, I still smoke rollups though, which do nothing for me whatsoever…

This time, I intend to get a new e-cigarette, with plenty of high-nicotine juice (to start with) and spare coils, glass bits and whatnot, learn how to use it properly, refrain from dropping it on the tile floor, and actually *use* it every time I think about having a smoke…

I will also use a pipe or bong every time I wish to smoke the Devil’s Lettuce, and bloody well get used to it!

I will also ignore my partner’s entreaties to ‘just go and buy a packet of tobacco’ with money that we don’t have, and stop enabling his tobacco addiction too, no matter how much he bitches and moans at me… I will be leading by example!

Wish me luck folks, when I’m ready I will sign up for a badge here and join in the fun on r/stopsmoking, and let you all know how I’m getting on!

Thanks for reading!

Woody :>)>
