"Those Terrible Withdrawal Pangs"

Please read this with an open mind.

I am not an evangelical Allen Carr worshipper, but I've listened to him on audiobook a couple of times and he's always helped me out of relapses. Sure, I keep relapsing, but it's gotten easier for me to get out with Carr's help.

This time, however, it's somehow different. While I've walked away from his book before going "Yippee! I'm a non-smoker! I shall never smoke again!" I've often done it with a nagging thought in the back of my mind that I didn't quite believe in myself. But this time, it seems to have clicked.

There's nothing special about Allen Carr's method. It's not even exactly a method. It's just a breakdown of facts that often go unnoticed by smokers and non-smokers alike, followed by some bold claims and a "final cigarette" ceremony.

When Allen Carr insists that one doesn't need to experience 
"Those Terrible Withdrawal Pangs" upon quitting smoking, I've often scoffed at the idea. Everyone knows that nicotine withdrawal is a terribly taxing experience and physically very unpleasant, right? Then why, tell me, am I here on Day 3 without so much as a headache?

Don't get me wrong, I don't feel 100% right. I have a hollow feeling inside accompanied with fleeting requests for a cigarette from my nerves. I have thought "I want a cigarette" dozens of times but it was never "I need one or I feel like I'm going to die." It's just been "I don't feel quite myself, and I know a cigarette would relieve that, but I won't fall for that trick again."

There's no sweating, no shaking, no nausea, no aches, nothing. Just a little smoke-hunger. So why do so many people experience Terrible Withdrawal Pangs?

Perhaps it can be partially explained by differences in "how addicted" one is to cigarettes, or how heavy a smoker someone is. But I've been smoking at least a pack day for the last month. My last smoke-free streak was four days, and before that was a pack a day for at least a month. I have been as heavy a smoker and as addicted as most smokers are.

Perhaps it can be partially explained by different bodies processing nicotine differently. But if people process nicotine withdrawal so vastly differently, why isn't there anybody on the opposite end of the spectrum from me- close to death after smoking cessation? Plenty of people say it's terrible, but I am experiencing nothing- so who is it out there who's experiencing everything?

In fact, the only time I've experienced those Terrible Withdrawal Pangs is when I've still been a smoker and been unable to smoke. If I had run out of cigarettes and desperately tried to get my hands on some, I would feel physically dreadful. My head would spin, my eyes would lose focus, my body would ache and I would feel positively horrendous.

So what are the Terrible Withdrawal Pangs? 

They are in your head.

That's not to say that they're not terribly unpleasant when you're experiencing them. But to say that nicotine withdrawal is a psychological experience, not a direct physical consequence.

Anxiety can cause your heart to race, your whole body to shake and sweat. Panic can cause some people to completely pass out. Anger will give some sensitive people angina, and sadness can make your body heave and sob. Psychological and emotional experiences can create physical symptoms.

If you are without cigarettes and want them, you'll need them. If you are without cigarettes and no longer want them, you won't need them. When you're without something you need, panic sets in. When you're without something you don't even want, you can be at peace.

We create the Terrible Withdrawal Pangs with our panicked reaction to the slight smoke-hunger and craving that characterizes nicotine withdrawal.

Will nicotine withdrawal leave you feeling off? With trouble concentrating and feeling a little on edge? Yes, of course. Nicotine directly affects the pleasure centers of your brain, and you're not likely to feel like your best self mentally for a few days. But will you get sick? No. There is no sickness, there is no pain, there are no Terrible Withdrawal Pangs.

Because your body isn't addicted to cigarettes, your brain is.