Getting my wisdom tooth pulled was the catalyst I needed to quit smoking

As part of my process, I wanted to share my quit story on here. 

I had a tooth pulled last Monday that I have been avoiding for too long. Afterward, the first thing I asked, I'm sure many of you can relate to: "when can I smoke?" They informed me that due to the risk of "dry socket," a super painful complication in the socket left by the tooth, it would be best to not smoke for 1 to 2 weeks. 

Fuck.

I panicked. Once I got home the struggle was so very real. I had a complete and utter meltdown. One of the worst panic attacks I've ever experienced.  All of my routines were thrown out if whack. After dinner, no smoking. After shower, no smoking. Before bed, no smoking. And it went on and on. The following day was increasingly difficult as my body longed for the sweet, sweet nicotine it craved. Admittedly, the pain from this procedure made me physically not want to smoke, but psychologically I was losing it!

The next day I bawled on the floor when I couldnt get my heater to turn on. Now, if the tears were from the pain or lack of nicotine, I don't know.  But I sure could have used a smoke!

It's dramatic. I know. But being a smoker has been a part of me for over 15 years. 

So on day 3 my wife brought me home some nicotine patches (21mg) because I was miserable and just could not take it anymore. Almost immediately the patch seemed to really help with the cravings. I did have some weird dreams the first few nights but been OK lately. It's actually pretty great and such a relief because I'm not constantly worrying about not being able to smoke (most of the time.)

Well today marks 8 days since my last cigarette. Yesterday, I bought another box of patches anticipating keeping my streak going. 

Today also marks one if the toughest days since getting the tooth pulled. The pain is finally starting to subside and I'm finding the cravings (physical and mental) are becoming pretty intense. Despite wearing the patch, my body is longing for that ritual of smoking. It's almost maddening. It's so easy to see why do many people pick it right back up. But I say no more! I will not give in to the mind games. I don't need it. It's a death sentence. I think I'm gonna beat it this time. 

RIP MARLBORO ULTRA LIGHT 72s, MAY WE NEVER MEET AGAIN!