7 days

I am 24 years old and, up until 7 days ago, I smoked half a pack a day for about 6 years. I just want to thank everyone in this subreddit. This is a fantastic community, and it is the reason I have now gone 7 days without a cigarette and am totally confident that I will never have one again.

7 days ago, after browsing this sub for a while and inundating myself with all kinds of anti-smoking resources, I finally had my final cigarette. In fact, I soaked the remaining half a pack I had in my kitchen sink and tossed it!

I had gotten the gist of Allen Carr's Easy Way to Stop Smoking from posts on this sub, but also ordered the book for myself and am currently about half way through it. The man is right on the money. I love the way he belittles smoking and nicotine to help his readers realize they are not the big scary monsters they are often made out to be. The reason I am so confident that I am finally a non-smoker again is because of his method. I had tried to quit many times in the past by sheer willpower, and at my best attempt I think I made it 1 day. Now that I am using his advice, I know this is the real deal. I am no longer a smoker who is simply denying himself what he craves. I now see that what I used to crave did absolutely nothing of use for me and cost me dearly in terms of my health, wallet, and peace of mind. And I think more importantly I realized that quitting smoking does not have to be the impossible gauntlet it is often depicted as being.

There have been a few mild cravings in the past week, but nothing I couldn't shake off almost immediately. I am honestly amazed at how easy this first week of being a non-smoker has been, and I don't mean that to be arrogant. What I mean is that becoming a non-smoker using Mr. Carr's advice has been unimaginably easier than my previous attempts at quitting via the willpower method. It's a vastly different approach when you finally get it in your head that smoking offers ZERO benefits and a million detriments.

I owe a lot to this subreddit. It's great to come and see the progress posts and discussions every day by people who are trying and succeeding at escaping the addiction. If you're here, you're already taking a step in the right direction. Arm yourself with the right knowledge and understand that you don't need a godly amount of willpower to stop smoking - you just need to be honest with yourself about what it's really doing for you.