Stay vigilant! Learn from my mistakes

The following is a tale of caution for anyone who thinks they can cheat with "just one" every now and again, or let loose a bit on vacation like I did...

I'm 25 years old, smoked since I was about 20. On July 9 of this year I finally got into the right head space to beat my addiction, much to the credit of Allen Carr's Easy Way. I successfully remained smoke free for the longest time since I first started - about 2 and a half months. The best part was I barely craved a cigarette. It was shocking how easy it was to stop smoking once I got it through my head that it is totally pointless and detrimental. I truly felt great without cigarettes in my life. But there's a stupid reason my badge does not read 135 days right now...

I live in the US, and I had planned a trip to Germany and France with some friends at the end of September. As the trip got closer, I began to romanticize cigarettes again by daydreaming about being able to smoke at nice outdoor European cafes and whatnot. I eventually decided that I would pick it back up just for the trip. This was a terrible mistake.

I returned home from a week of smoking like a chimney on the trip, and immediately fell back into the addiction. At first I convinced myself that one more pack stateside wouldn't hurt. Unfortunately, that turned into me returning to my old ways for the past 2 months since I've been back. I now see how completely idiotic it was for me to believe that I could flip it on and off again like a switch. I have been kicking myself the entire time.

Good news though! I have begun to re-read Easy Way, and in about 2 hours I will be 7 days smoke free again. I feel much in the same head space as I did when I quit back in July, and I am confident I have it under control again. The upside to this whole ordeal is that I now know that there really is no such thing as "just one" or "letting loose for a bit". This is a trick of the mind implanted by cigarettes, and it can strike farther down the line than I originally thought possible. I will now be much more vigilant about future lapses in judgment like this one.

The main takeaways here:

1) There is no such thing as "just one" cigarette, or a temporary return. This is a trick to fall back into the trap of addiction.

2) Don't romanticize smoking. I did just that for my trip to Europe, and was quite underwhelmed the entire time. The guilt far outweighed the extremely brief and miniscule pleasure.

3) Stay vigilant. Even far down the line after not thinking about smoking at all, temptation can strike. Just remember how much better life is without cigarettes.

Here's to beating my previous record of 2 and a half months, I hope you'll join me.