Stretching towards victory (18 months)

Hey you! Yes, you who have made the greatest decision ever. Just wanted to stop by and share the recipe that worked for me and that just keeps tasting better and better.


Health.

I assume this is the main motivation for most of us and I don't need to repeat the beautiful list of health benefits that quitting smoking will bless your body with. 

Noticing positive changes in your own body is a great inspiration to keep going, but even if the benefits of quitting smoking are great by themselves, it won't hurt to help your body to go a couple of extra miles towards new, healthy life and make that inspiring list of positive changes that helps you keep going even more tangible.  

I personally accompanied my decision to quit smoking with a decision to get in overall better shape. I began by taking daily walks of 5-6 km (3-4 miles). Protip: Listen to audiobooks/podcasts and you won't even notice you are exercising. Eventually, I increased the distance and added in youtube-guided workouts in my living room. But here is the actual point (!):

Noticing those positive changes felt good and affirmed me that quitting smoking is/was worth it. Simply being able to reach a bit further when doing stretches was my body telling me that it has improved and in its own sweaty way giving itself a thumbs up.

18 months ago I could not stretch my hands past my ankles but now I can comfortably place my palms on the floor; it's not many cms/inches a month, but the point is when I noticed those little changes and improvements I felt great and the was a clear path from that feeling to my decision to quit smoking.

Oh, I did gain weight during first months as I simultaneously utilized the 'munchies to victory' -strategy and snacked my way through cravings. Not sure how good idea that actually was, but since I also exercised I think it balanced out and I dare to recommend it as long as you exercise some too.

Difficulties.

They will be there. The first few weeks will be shit. I went cold turkey and it was bad. But... you already know that! You also know that it will get better, little by little but it will do that. After few weeks/months the world your body and your mind experiences will be totally different and a whole lot better. So do it! :)

What kept me personally from quitting for years was the idea of having to give up smoking in certain pleasant situations that only seemed to exist due to my smoking. I was afraid that my life would somehow become less without my morning cig. Or coffee cig. (Or am bored cig. Or am watching a movie cig. Or am walking from a to b cig. Or am waiting for the bus cig. Or the other thousand different am waiting for x/y/z cigs. ... yea, ridiculous)

All I can say is that I was wrong. Sure, you might and probably will miss some cig-times, but those desires will disappear, they did for me. Actually, I can't even remember the last time I really wanted to have a cigaret doing some specific activity. The thought simply disappears and my smoke-free morning coffees feel and taste as great as ever.

Hrmm.. wasn't supposed to ramble for this long. So will just repeat the main point as tl;dr.

tl;dr: Notice and get inspired by all the positive changes quitting will accomplish! Quitting smoking can (and will if you want) reach out and take you to unexpected and very pleasant places, such as past your ankles and eventually all the way down to the floor. 

Allow little victories lead you to great conquest(s). 


