How to stop smoking but still get everything out of my career?

Hi everyone,

I just found this subreddit in a link from another subreddit. I am not sure if this post is fitting in here, if not please remove it.

This is the case. I am a 24 year old who graduated university 2,5 years ago. I live in the Netherlands, where 20/25% of adults smoke. 

When I had my first fulltime job I had a hard time fitting in. It was a quite small company with near to no education system or introduction system. I came in there daily, did as I was told, and even after two months I hardly knew anyone. What I did notice was that while I was leaving for lunch to go sit in the cafeteria by myself, the smokers winked at each other to go outside before the lunch break as also around 10 am and 3 pm.
Lucky me got offered a second job after a few months (better job actually). I tried to open up to my direct colleagues and I got of a better start. Non of my co-workers smoked so I did not think about it anymore.
After half a year I got a call for again a new, better job. I took it and with what I learned, I tried to fit in better. But before I started I thought about smoking to get a better connection with colleagues. So I started smoking ( +/-1,5 year ago) and it worked really well for me. First I started to know my direct colleagues and their private struggles they told during the smoke breaks, I also got more peace in my work because we go smoking once every 90 minutes (+/-) so I am taking regular breaks. Breaks that no one seems to mind or comments on. After a while my colleagues went smoking but I had a meeting, so I decided to go by myself and I randomly started talking to people around and actually leaned about other parts of the big company I worked for. I started to do this more often, it even resulted in some additions to their and our process to fit better for everyone (jay!). From this my network grew by quite a bit.
As to most of you has happened (probably) from starting small (few at work) I am now smoking at parties, when I am walking somewhere, after dinner, ect (around 10 a day on average).

Now I know smoking is bad for me, and I don't want to die earlier than I should. I am thinking about quitting but I am afraid I wont get everything out of my career when I do. Did any of you have the same doubts? And how did you deal with it?

Thanks for reading anyway! :D