I'm extremely anxious at the idea of quitting and i am afraid my plan will fail miserably

This is the plan: On Friday I'm going to take a day off from work. The next Monday and Tuesday are going to be national holidays where i live. This means that if I smoke my last cigarette Thursday evening before going to sleep, I will be clear for 144 hours before I go on with my daily routine. I have a chance to go thought the withdrawal without having to handle it during work hours. My job can be pretty stressful.

I'm extremely anxious about this and I have this feeling like "don't do it. I'm going to regret it. Smoking is awesome and I love it. It's part of my identity. I'm going to need it later in life (for work)". It's something like a mix of fear, anxiety and pure panic. I have smoked for the last 13 years, I smoke around 30 cigarettes a day, sometimes less and sometimes more. There are several occasion where I find myself chain smoking (after my morning coffee, for example, i chain smoke 2/3 cigs every day).

This are the things that make me worry the most at the moment:

I take a lot of smoke breaks at work. It's something I need just to get off the desk and have a break/regain focus. I'm confident I don't really need to smoke, I just need to take a break from my task for a little while. I'm afraid I won't be really productive or I will be really stressed out about this. (It's more or less a five minute break every hour, i can't just stand up and go for a walk every hour)

Monday I'll see the new GoT episode, I tend to chain smoke during those ("this part is so cool i will be enjoying it more if i smoke a cigarette while watching it")

Next week I will have my usual D&D sessions with my friends, an occasion where I'm usually near to chain smoking for reasons similar to the GoT one. 

My girlfriend lives in a different city at the moment and soon i'll go see her. She smokes almost as much as me. We always smoke together, it's our thing and i'm terrified both of missing this "moments" we have, but also being extremely tempted by seeing her smoking. Also she is really having a bad time lately and won't surely follow me in my endeavor at the moment even if she's going to support me. We often talk about quitting smoking "someday" or "if we will have a child", but nothing more than that

I'm scared that Friday morning i will just pretend nothing of this happened, or will just say "fuck it i'll smoke today and think about this tomorrow", or i'll just smoke "just one" to ruin everything and say to myself "whelp, you ruined it. Will be for the next time". All the times i've tried quitting i've found that it's really easy to be guilty for one day while blaming my lack of self discipline, while deep inside i'm happy that i'm still smoking.

It's my first real try in 13 years and I don't know if i'm really going to do it, i'm afraid i wont be able to do it and i'm already terrified about what's coming. 