Highly stressful life and I quit smoking marijuana for two weeks.

The title says it all really. So I'm going to elaborate. I have been smoking marijuana for almost 10 years now, more or less. A couple years back I moved back   home with my mother who is very sick. I used to live very far away and was maintaining a nice life. She begged me to move home to help her. All of my siblings, who are older, are all screw ups except for my brother (the oldest) who has a family he is taking care of. I have never had an issue with quitting marijuana in order to get a nice job. However, as soon as I get the jobs I would start smoking again almost immediately. My philosophy on marijuana was that of all addicts. I smoke weed because it helps my mental state. With all the stress in life, I would come home and smoke a bowl and be okay. It truly was/is my crutch. I have been diagnosed with Manic Depression (Bipolar disorder) yet I hated taking pills. They put me in an even worse mental state then before. The only attempt of suicide I ever tried was when I was on medication. So I stuck with what actually helped me, weed. It numbed my mind and while I'm high I could ignore the messed up things going on and enjoy my self. Not only that, but I was stable even when sober. I had a clear mind and rarely succumbed to stress. I'm the rock of the family. Everyone comes to me with their issues because they think I have it all figured out. Finally to the point. Recently I've been making changes in my life to better my self. I decided I wanted to quit marijuana in fear that I have become too dependent on it. I dont smoke blunts and abuse large amounts, I only would smoke a bowl, maybe two a day. That being said, i feel i have lost all control mentally. Drama and stress I could normally deal with and handle are now making me rage. I am terrified of the person I am at the moment. I have become mean and impatient. I am snapping on people who dont deserve to be snapped at. I have become loud and aggressive. Not physically but mentally. Depression has seeped back into my life harder then ever. I feel overwhelming anger followed by tears. This is who I was when I was teenager. Before i started smoking i was a mean and judgmental person with no patients. Now I'm that same teenager. I know withdrawal from marijuana has these effects. I perfectly fit the description of someone going through withdrawl. My problem is that I cant be this person! I have neices and nephews who come to me for everything. The have no father and see me as that role. My sick mother depends on me every day. I have to make sure shes okay. I feel I dont have time for withdrawl. Everyone around me is seeing me differently. As a monster. Which hurts me inside even more. The only thing I can think of is if I should go smoke a bowl. I hate lashing out at people. With manic depression I beleive it is even more out of balance. I dont just get angry, I rage. Like a child tantrum, completely unnecessary and over the top. I dont even know what I'm asking here. I'm just lost. I want to continue to be sober, but the person I am sober is a monster. I'm writing this today because I lashed out on one of my only friends in the area. Yesterday, I yelled at my poor mother because she asked me to do something that she physically couldn't do. The day before I raged on my sister about her own problems. Normally I would never do any of this. I normally treat my mom like a queen. I do favours for my sister and give her advice on how to handle stress. As for my friend, I was his rock when he had no one. Now all of them see me as this monster and it's all because i quit smoking. Thanks to anybody who gives this a read. I know a lot of you have similar issues and i had no where else to vent.