Day 5 or 6 or something...this is a lot easier than i thought!

So i've tried a few times and failed pretty quickly.  Read Allen Carr's book.  My mentality has switched from "giving up something 'good'" to "being free of something 'bad'".  I haven't changed anything about my life, including 2 nights of near-black out drinking in the first 3 days.  And I haven't even come close to smoking one yet.  It's been remarkably easy.  I just truly don't want one anymore.  I had some bad cravings at work on day 3 in the afternoon, but that was pretty much it.  Now i don't even think about them anymore.  It's like my mind switched off of 'i need cigs' mode and i was brainwashed into not liking them.  

I think the main difference is that in the last 2 weeks of smoking i didnt slow down at all.  I smoked more maybe, even.  But although i was smoking, i was "quitting" during that period.  I analyzed how i felt during my cigs.  They kind of taste like shit, right?  I mean i used to enjoy the smoke in my lungs feeling, i think because i was a heavy pot smoker for many years.  But that was associated with getting stoned, and really brings nothing to the table when smoking cigs.  I kind of realized how pointless it was to smoke, and started getting embarrassed for smoking in front of certain people (going out with a new girl, and she is a perfect example).  Also, once i quit, it wasn't "ok, im trying to quit".  When i woke up, it was "I have quit cigs!"  I proclaimed this to friends and to myself.  There was no doubt in my conviction.  Many people laughed when i said it was day 1, but i was super confident and maintain that to this point (only day 5 or 6), but i think the mentality you have is super important, as quitting is a battle in your own mind.  You can control your mind, and you can let it control you.  With this mentality i am taking the reigns.  Anyways, just wanted to share my experience and keep the positive thoughts going in my mind.  Maybe my mentality can rub off on someone else and can help them.  Good luck all!