its been 8 months and I am uncertain of how much longer I can keep this up

for nearly 2 months now ive felt this feeling creeping up on me the same feeling I felt last time I quit smoking, I lasted 3 months last time, it was just as miserable as it was this time. and I quit with the exact same amount of ambition that i quit with this time, my reasons are irrelevant,  only the certainty that quiting is what I want too do, as long as I have 'that' im good, no craving no emotion or impulse will sway me. but like last time I can feel my ''want'' waning I lasted 2 weeks if I recall last time,  in comparison I think ive did quite well thus far too be at 2 months of resisting this urge on raw will on alone. perhaps my ambition too double my 'quit times' extended too my resilience of breaking aswell, when I quit this time and I hit the 3 month mark much like last time, all improvements had all but ceased, perhaps the breathing has improved a little since but nothing as drastic as those first few months. I told myself I would aim too double my time and I did, and things still really haven't improved anymore ''ive peaked I suppose''. im not particularly happy, quiting has honestly been a miserable  endevour and the few moments of good have far underweighed the mountains of unhappiness this restraint has cast on me. that isn't too take away from the benefits, I really can breath better than before, I don't have a smokers cough as far as im aware anymore. and this past month 'the insomnia I was rought with has abated, at least too the extent that I feel I can cope with it. and thus I feel I am a ex smoker... and I no longer wish to be, and it sucks. its the worst realization too ever have. I can see this collision coming and I stalled time itself(metaphorically) and theyres still nothing I can do too prevent it, one way or another I don't see how this is gonna play out any other way. for tonight I have yet again staved it off already, I found it difficult too even find the words too describe these sensations without actually currently going through them. what stopped it for tonight was the remnant of a memory of me standing by my stove, seeing my self in the midst of a hacking fit and worrying that I had just coughed up blood, looking back I do not think I did, but it was revolting enough at the time too make me want too quit. it is revolting enough to make me not smoke at this very moment. but will it be tomorrow?, will I remember it when I need too, and will I care even if I should remember it. at the time were the breaking of my quit is at its end. I honestly don't no. but I no my reasons were not enough last time. I have no cue what im fishing for with this comment, I suppose im throwing it out just too see what comes in. its been 8 months and I am uncertain.