Quit date is tomorrow! Been reading through this sub a lot. Thought I'd introduce myself. (First Reddit post)

Hello everyone,

Just some background information. I started smoking when I was thirteen, fell into peer pressure. Now I am twenty and have been smoking for seven years. I really want to quit smoking, I’m ready to leave the old me behind and start a new wonderful life as a non-smoker!

I've tried to quit once, and fell back into the trap unfortunately (BUT I AM NOT GIVING UP!) This was only a couple of weeks ago. I did read Allen Carr's EASY WAY on that attempt. I rushed through the book very fast and didn’t process the information as well as I should have. Don’t get me wrong, the book is great; it really changes your perspective on smoking, but it just was not as easy for me as it said it would be.  After reading the book I finished my last cigarette then went from there. Day one was not as bad as I thought it would be, it was actually somewhat easy in a way. It felt great to be a non-smoker! I was so motivated and felt really good about myself. The second day was not so good, the cravings were hard, I didn’t know how to deal with them or what to expect. I was very emotional, very irritable and could not stop crying. Then my mind convinced me that I 'needed' a smoke, so I found an excuse (I have too much going on in my life right now, it’s not the right time) and gave in. I was not working and had absolutely nothing to do to keep my mind occupied, I also never educated myself on what to expect. I feel those were big contributors to my relapse.  After my relapse, it really messed with my mind. I felt terrible about myself and felt like a failure, but I am not going to let that one relapse stop me from quitting this awful addiction. After learning from myself about what I did wrong, I've decided to plan and prepare to quit smoking once and for all! 

I have set my quit date to be July 1st, Canada Day, which is tomorrow. This is one of my favorite holidays, so it will share an extra special meaning to me. These past couple weeks I’ve been preparing for my quit. I’ve planned out activities to do to keep me occupied, and things to do when a craving occurs. I’ve been researching non-stop, I am finding that Whyquit.com is a very helpful resource and will help me vastly when the time comes. I’ve been re-reading Allen Carr’s book and highlighting key points so I will be able to look back on it and refresh my mind. I’ve been reading this sub non-stop. It’s very inspirational to hear everyone’s different stories on what has worked for them. I will definitely be on here all the time to keep me motivated. Everyone here all wants the same thing.. TO BE FREE FROM THIS ADDICTION! It’s a nice feeling to know that I’m not alone on this and will definitely be posting my progress or any questions and/or concerns I may have. Sorry for the lengthy post but I’m just getting pretty excited about this and it’s nice to have as much support as possible!

Thanks guys! Wish me luck!!
