6 weeks smoke free then messed it up

Hi everyone, sorry this is a bit of a long post, it's my first post on reddit. So, I've done 6 weeks smoke free and I was so proud of myself. By chance I hadn't seen some of the people I used to smoke the most with since I quit as people have been away etc, however I saw a big group of them last night at a party and I was the only non smoker. I had a few too many drinks and caved in, having 2 cigarettes which I didn't even really enjoy it just kind of felt like a massive build up and release because people kept bringing up that i had quit and saying things like "well done, I couldn't do that" while lighting up a cigarette. It was the first time that me quitting has been made into a "big deal" too by a group of people - everyone until now has been so supportive and brilliant about it giving me advice etc. It definitely added pressure and made me feel like going "oh fuck it I'm young it doesn't matter" - however I am so angry at myself this morning that I caved in and screwed up all my hard work of quitting for 6 weeks. Smoking when I was drinking used to be my worst habit (the two went hand in hand for years) and I've hardly been drinking since I quit so that I don't lose control and smoke, and so it's upset me that that I got drunk and threw all that progress away. I've been using the smoke free app and it's been great, it also pointed me to this part of reddit. I just wanted to speak to people who are also going through something similar. I really want to quit (motivations are money reasons and how rubbish i felt after smoking loads on  big nights out, I've smoked for about 5 years) and I felt so much better for it. My question is, does anyone have any tips for staying strong when you're drinking and around a lot of smokers or people you used to smoke with? My habit breaker in the day is that if I have a craving i go and buy a bottle of water, and it was working when sober in the day time but didn't work last night because it was a different situation. It's being back with the old smoking crowd after a few beers that's hard. Thanks in advance for any help!! Reading other peoples advice on here has been a big help so far. Sorry for the super long post!!