I do not concede any points to cigarettes

Even from the first day I quit I did not count the days since my last cigarette. For me, counting the days would have been based on the premise that I have given something up, and that the number of days I have been quit is some sort of achievement or exercise in willpower to be proud of. If anything, I should have been counting the days that I managed to endure regular inhalation poisonous chemical smoke. Of course, that's not how I saw it when I was a smoker. How insidious the addiction is. To me, the idea of counting the days since my last smoke is as ludicrous as counting the days since the last time I got kicked square in the balls.


I do not concede in any way that stopping smoking is difficult. In fact, the day I quit for good was one of the funnest most positive days of my life. It could not have been easier. I felt like Andy Dufrane at the end of the Shawshank Redemption! The weeks that followed were so much fun. I loved getting nicotine withdrawal symptoms, they were a regular reminder to celebrate my freedom from the toxic cycle of substance addiction. Even though the physical withdrawal symptoms have gone now, I love seeing smokers when I am out and about, it reminds me that I am no longer one of those pitiful prisoners to a robotic routine.


I do not concede that stopping smoking requires any substitute. For me, doing so would imply that the removal of cigarettes from my life is leaving a hole that must be filled by something else. Nothing could be further from the truth. For me, it would as ludicrous as saying instead of taking a swift kick to the nuts, I will take a taser to the bellend. I am not exaggerating when I make these comparisons guys.


Over the past 10 years I have made literally thousands of attempts to quit, a couple of times for up to two years, most for no longer than a couple of hours, so none of what I have written above is intended to trivialise the struggle of a smoker who has not changed his mindset in the same way as me. Even after 2 years I was still struggling. I genuinely thought I would have to fight the temptation to smoke for the rest of my life. It wasn't until I stopped conceding any points to cigarettes, and stopped seeing them as desirable in any way shape or form, that I knew I would never suck on the devil's cancerous dick ever again.