Has anyone had success quitting smoking cold-turkey after oral surgery?

I'm getting my wisdom teeth removed mid-September, and I can't smoke for some time afterwards while it's healing. I'm 23, smoke 2+ packs a day, and realize that I NEED to quit, but don't really want to. 

I plan on taking a whole week off after the surgery to recover, and while I know this is more than what's required, I figured it'd be nice to remove my "trigger" from my life and give myself some time. My trigger is mostly my job, which is waitressing, and it really can stress me out. I also have social anxiety (not diagnosed, but I mean I feel anxious in social situations and social interactions really wear me out) and smoking helps me with that.

I've quit cold-turkey before, and it wasn't so bad, but I was unemployed at the time. Once I started working again, my habit and cravings kicked right back in, especially when it came to coworkers taking smoke breaks. Smoke breaks are no longer allowed at my job and I don't go out so often, so it may be easier this time around.

Will this be too stressful of an event for me to quit smoking? I'm pretty nervous, as I've never had surgery before, but I have a feeling everything will be fine. Due to my nerves, however, I'm nearly positive I'll take the "no smoking" recommendation by the surgeon very seriously. When it boils down to it, I'm the type of person to do what she should when there's a pressing matter at hand. As of now, my smoking produces no noticeable negative effects, besides the mess I guess, although they'll obviously hit me in the future. I never get sick, I have the lungs of a trumpet player, no wrinkles, etc. So I don't feel the immediate urge to quit. But this healing period may give me that "reason."

So if this all works out, does anyone have any advice to sticking with it once that "reason" is gone? Additionally, would the painkillers somehow help me quit? Would my withdrawal symptoms complicate my recovery and surgery somehow? I plan on not smoking a few hours before surgery, and I get intense cravings after only 30 mins- 1 hr of not smoking in many cases. Finally, would I maybe be able to take Chantix during recovery to help smooth things along?