3 days in, no bad cravings...i do breathe easier now.

I have been smoking since i was 15 years old. saw my grandpa smoke and that initiated my addiction. (he lived in El Salvador..i had visited him and family on vacation) never saw an issue with it until i got into my later teens. i kept telling myself i'd quit at 18 once i graduated high school...never happened. then i said 20, because i was not technically a teen anymore...that also did not happen. my parents do not smoke, they have never smoked. i'm now 22 years of age. i just started college back in august. i'm a freshman, almost done with one semester. i have all A's & B's to finish off the semester. I have been in a 5 month relationship with my girlfriend. She does not like cigarettes at all! She has said she would leave me if it didn't stop. i never smoked around her, ever. i also have been smoking weed pretty much everyday for years a long with a cigarette or 5 (lol) after getting fucking baked.   it has now been 3 days since i had my last cigarette. i would have about 10 per day. i know the symptoms, the illness, the crave of having just one more. but 3 days ago i decided to quit smoking cigarettes and weed al together. i have not felt depressed, or restlessness, or felt a crave. i have craved weed though. i can honestly say that my sense of smell and taste has dramatically improved. i also did make a diet change once i quit. a lot more water. no junk food! leafy greens, chewable vitamins, and i started reading 1984 by George Orwell. my girlfriend said to just let her know when i felt any craves so we can just have sex instead ;) i have supportive people around me. and i understand that not everyone has that. i guess the only reason i'm writing this is because i fully know that cigarettes are SHIT.  but when i did smoke i would always disregard that. i have an immense feeling that this is when i will actually let go of those damned cancer, dick shriveling, boob sagging, unhealthy sticks. i know this might sound high and mighty for only 3 days. but i feel like i need additional support....and reddit usually has the answers. *for the most part. 