My story. Please help!

Ive been smoking for two years, and I have asthma. I started smoking when I was fifteen, and it was the worst decision I made my entire life. You might think that high school students would get in the fad of smoking e-cigs, but I decided to take up smoking real cigarettes instead. I just used to smoke once in a while when I had a pretty bad day, then I kept smoking more and more. It started out from one cigarette every other week, to a cigarette everyday, then to half a pack a day. It got so bad that I started to steal money from the members of my family just to get a pack. I used to be an athletic guy who played sports and now I can barely run down the street without gasping for air. Once my so called "dealer" (she was just a girl at my school who I gave money to so she can buy me a cigarettes) had to move to a different city, I didn't know what to do anymore. Every time I walked around and saw someone smoking a cigarette I begged for them to give me a cigarette. Almost everyone I know hates that I smoke and almost got kicked out of my house when my family found out. I knew I had to quit. Then I stumbled upon [this post](http://www.reddit.com/r/electronic_cigarette/comments/2qzovq/lets_get_this_on_rall_again_quitting_smoking_for/) and after that I knew that I had to stop this. So I went around town looking for e-cig stores and apparently they cant sell anything to minors. I couldn't even go inside the stores. So here's a question to this subreddit. How can I get hold of an electronic cigarette if I'm too young to buy one myself? And yes, I did ask my parents to go buy me one but they don't want to. They just think that I'm using them as a way for me to smoke more. So please reddit. Help! If there is no possible way that I can get a hold of an e-cig is there any other way that can help me quit?

tl;dr want to quit smoking, but e-cig stores wont let me in. Need to find another way to quit.

Update: So after reading the comments, all of you have opened my eyes to my ignorance. Yes I do not need an e-cig to get through this. And I can find other ways of quitting. 

So my plan is to basically quit cold turkey. I have thrown away everything that will tempt me to smoke: disposable lighters, zippos, and the pack of "emergency cigarettes" that I had. Thank you so much. I'm hoping to update more during my journey. 