2 months and 3 days of quitting smoking and I have the worst anxiety I’ve had in awhile making me want to smoke

The majority of it definitely has to do with stress. 

I work for someone who is a friend. She’s my boss. Seriously not a good idea to mix the two. We basically became friends after I started working for her. 

I don’t know what’s going on between us, but it’s this hot and cold bullshit. Lately I’ve just felt like a nuisance messaging her. And it’s like something shifted to where she is kind of stand offish from me. Doesn’t really seem like she wants to be a mentor to me anymore, which is fine. Just hurts my feelings. And I feel like when we work the events we work, if I try to have a conversation with her she either straight up ignores me, is dismissive, or talks down to me. I honestly don’t know what the deal is. Have no idea if I did something. Then other times she’s happy as pie to message me and ask for help or nice to me at random times during the day of work. It really confuses me. At times it makes me resent her and unhappy to work with her. 

She messaged me today asking if we could meet for lunch next week to discuss things. I told her yes and was everything okay because this feels like the we need to talk text. She essentially said yes it’s all good. Apart of me feels like she said that just for the sake of her business which I understand. You definitely don’t want to create any tension when we still have to work together. Our work together ends soon so we’re almost done. I just hate being or feeling like I’m in this limbo of are we friends? Am I annoying her? Can I ask her questions so that I can learn from her to eventually do what she does? When we go to lunch I will probably bring this up. Just going to see how the conversation goes. 

But fuck man. I want a cigarette so bad. My heart feels like it’s been racing most of the day. I feel on edge. I’m shaky. I feel like I cannot concentrate. I don’t know how to get myself back to neutral. 

I’m not going to smoke. In the grand scheme of things, whatever is going on between me and this girl, she and it is not worth me breaking down and having a cigarette. Just sucks feeling this way and feeling alone in it.