Need advice

Ok so I've decided that I'm going to try to quit I'm 32 and have been smoking regularly since I was about 17 plus smoking pot during that time as well. The reason that I want to quit is I think I have issues breathing I'm not sure it's only when I focus on it that it seems to be an issues but when I'm doing stuff not thinking about it I seems to be fine so it could just be anxiety or the fact that I am focusing on it is the problem I don't know just hope I'm not to late. I also have issues with getting in my own head and that could be the issue and causing issues, what I do know is that I had hernia surgery at the end of October and since then I've cut down to about 10 or so smokes a day from close to a pack so it could just be improvements in my breathing that's throwing me off I'm not to sure but it's scared me enough to want to quit. 

 I've done some research on quitting and it seems it's not fun but the main thing I've read is to not do it alone the problem here is that I have no friends I have social anxiety and it has resulted in the loss of all my friends as for my parents because I started smoking at 10 (not regularly when I could get one) and spent so much time hiding it from my parents that it's always seemed awkward for me to even admit that I'm a smoker (they obviously know) I've never even had a smoke in front of them so that's off the table so that just leaves me, myself and I to quit and to get through it. Ive also read that quitting cold turkey seems to have the most success rate so I want to try that. 

I've opened a pack earlier today hoping it will be my last so any advice or things to look out for or anything else you want to mention. Also does it get better by that I mean is smoking ever a thing of the past you don't think or worry about kinda like an ex that shattered your heart at first you want death theirs or yours but after time passes you don't seem to care about it just a story to tell

Update: Last night tried to test myself I usually have a smoke before I go into work so I said I wasn't going to smoke but I had one. The other test was to not smoke when I got home I had a half of one at 8 pm smoked some pot didn't have an after session smoke and didn't smoke at all for the rest of the night, I woke up at 4 this morning and tossed and turned until 6:30, I lasted till 8 I had one and was actually pleased that it tasted horrible I didn't enjoy it at all after I thought it was going to be the most enjoyable cigarette I had in a long time. I started to feel like complete shit pot did help but since I have to work tonight I can't smoke that much I have to be sober. It's now 12:45 and I've had 5 half smokes and 1 full one plus some pot and starting to feel better just very tired, this is going to be really hard but if I can't get through the withdrawal I think I can do this. I have the next three days off so going to just go for it and try to not smoke at all get stoned and sleep all day if I have to or can at all. From what I gather from reading these posts and looking at information if I can get to day 3-5 I should be doing better but I have to get to day 1 first then through day 1 and so on. Wish me luck and thanks for all the replies and the support 