126 Days, girlfriend ended relationship yesterday ... smoking won't change this, but ...

This sucks. I don't even know why I'm posting here -- even using a throwaway account because it's so embarrassing.

I fell in love with her six month ago. We slowly got to know each other and she's the most awesome person I've ever met. We connected extremely well -- a feeling which has been totally mutual. I quit smoking cold turkey after 23 years of a pack a day on New Years Eve when she said she could never be with a smoker. It wasn't even hard to do. We've been in a long distance relationship since four months, we've gone on several vacations together during that time and visited each other frequently. We made plans together. Wanted to buy a house or an apartment. I started making healthier choices in general -- something I've been wanting to do since quite a while anyway, I guess I just needed that little incentive. We talked about taking dancing classes together. Or cooking classes. We talked about the parties we'd give for our friends. I lost almost 30 lbs since the beginning of the year, my career is doing well and the future looked so incredibly bright. It couldn't have been better.

Last night she told me she doesn't love me enough to go on.

Everything completely stopped making sense from one second to the next ... it feels as if a part of me died.

> *The stars are not wanted now: put out every one;*

> *Pack up the moon and dismantle the sun;*

> *Pour away the ocean and sweep up the wood.*

> *For nothing now can ever come to any good.*

> *-- W. H. Auden*

I know that buying the next pack of cigarettes would be the most stupid thing to do and it won't help at all but still.... I dunno ... I've been around this forum since January and more often than not you guys come up with some solid advice and/or emotional support.

Help .... I guess?



*Edit:* Well, as two of you asked: From around 230 lbs (104kg) to currently 199 lbs (90kg) at 6'3" (1.91m)

*Edit 2:* You guys rock. Thanks a million. And no, replying to each comment is no karmawhoring (would that even make sense with a throw-away account?!) --- but it kept me busy for while.
