Smoking feels like insanity

Ok.  I am 38 and have been smoking since I was 14.  Best day of my life.  When i smoked that first cigarette I felt like I had found my calling in life.  I was in love.  It was electric.  I knew we were fast friends.  The first year i smoked I stayed home from my grandmothers last trip to Atlantic City (not as gross as it sounds!) because I wanted to stay home and smoke cigarettes.   When I was 17 i ran away and smoked meth for 2 months.  Didn't care.  Not a single urge to ever see it again.  Just walked away and went back to being a nice girl headed to college.  When I was 18, I went off and did coke heavily for a year.  Walked away again, didn't care.  Went back to being a nice and mildly successful (yet suspiciously 2 years older then anyone in my class) college kid.  I didn't drink much from 18-23 with one exception being my 21st birthday.  Didn't smoke weed from 17 until very recently.  But cigarettes... oh my fucking love affair with cigarettes.  

  I've lied, picked fights, pretended to work late, just to have an extra cigarette.  I met a man, who is wonderful in all ways, and convinced him to start smoking.  He smoked, but not like I do, and probably would have just quit years ago without my shitty influence.  While I can't blame myself entirely, I feel complicit in slowly killing my favorite person on this planet. Its devastating.  During that time I tried Chantix (sleep-walking night terrors.  although I was so fucked up all the time I would forget to smoke)  I tried the patch (again, night terrors and angry episodes).  I tried e-cigs.  I tried doing mushrooms and convincing myself.  Nothing worked.  

I, being a goddamned adult, with 2 cars, a job and a mutual fund, woke up this morning after promising myself that I was done.  That was the 4th time this week.  Each night, I read all of my inspirational Allen Carr.  I feel it.  I am so committed.  I have torn up 11 cigarettes over the course of the week and thrown them into the toilet.  I paid $4.99 for the full version of a cessational app.  I signed up for the government subsidized program for motivational texts when I have a craving.  But I woke up and started scouring the streets for butts.  I pretended to be checking on my dog in case anyone was looking and picked up discarded butts to re-roll at home. Which I did.  I procured 2 smokes.  This is not the first time this week.  My streets are CLEAN of all cigarette litter (at least I'm doing some good here!).  Tonight at work, I went into the soup can that the employees on my block use and pulled out 4 half-smoked, completely soaked with rain, butts.  I dried them carefully on my cars heating vents on the way home.  I brought them in, tore them open lengthwise and divvied them up into 3 portions.  I rolled them carefully to create 3 perfect smokes.  I am on my second one.  Turns out they are menthol and I couldn't give a fuck.  

I have never had to climb a mountain so steep.  I am trying to picture the summit but this is my everest.  And I don't want to be one of those assholes stuck at base camp with canned oxygen. 

I guess I want to share how intense this drug is, and also drum up some support for myself and anyone else who feels like they are up against an insurmountable monster.  But mostly advice! I'm sick of myself and this addiction, and I'm sure you are too!  Whats working that I'm not trying?  

Fuck cigarettes.   

Also, If you have a desert island with no convenience stores I can stay on for a month or so... let me know.  It might be my only hope!