If you've been depressed before, maybe think twice about Chantix

The last thing I want to do is erode any of the wonderful positivity and encouragement on this sub. But after much thought I will log some of my own more difficult experiences here. I think I'm an outlier, but on the other hand my experience could resonate with someone else and help them...


I have a history of intermittent depression but had been happy, healthy and medication-free for 3 years when I started out on Chantix/Champix in Feb 2018. After 2 weeks, I had quit smoking, but was becoming overly emotional and empathetic- tearing up at minor personally sad or happy events, as well as news items. 


My boyfriend and I re-read the contra-indications on unusual feelings and behaviours and I stopped the Champix cold turkey. But I continued feeling emotionally vulnerable as well as restless, agitated and a little angry over the next month. Lost a deep filling and developed dental pain, needing root canal work. Had somatic symptoms of constipation as well as insomnia. My father developed  health issues 3,000 miles away, which I worried myself sick over. Boyfriend and I started having serious fights that we couldn't resolve and took a break from each other. 


And at that point I just fell into a black hole where I literally couldn't stop crying for 5 days, also developing some extremely unpleasant vaguely psychotic symptoms of 'meantedness', which I've had before when deeply depressed. At that stage things get pretty scary for me, and I could no longer function with home-working and could not stop crying even in public.


Finally I recognised (ding-ding!) that this was the deep biological, neurochemical depression I've had before and I needed help. I got to my GP, who put me back on an SSRI (citalopram) and gave me a week's sleeping pills to get back on track. 


Within 2 days- miraculously- all my symptoms started to resolve and after 10 days I am back to normal again, as well as also not smoking. It's such a relief! I know SSRIs are supposed to take weeks to improve mood, but it has been that quick for me. I feel as if my neurochemistry had become knocked off and just needed a nudge to re-set 


One can argue whether it was life stressors, giving up smoking or Chantix which caused my little episode, but I believe my thoughts and feelings were de-stabilised early on by Chantix, and continued being disordered long after I stopped it. 


I'm aware that the meta-analyses are showing no significantly  excess psychological symptoms associated with Chantix. Indeed my own father gave up a 48 year nicotine addiction with Chantix, without issues. But it's individuals, not populations who actually take the drug, and who can be affected as I have been. So if you have a depression history like me, you might think twice before popping those pills, as there are other ways to successfully quit that demon tobacco! 


Wishing all we quitters all the best in our journeys to a healthy and happy life.
