To those who tell themselves they "don't have the self-control" to quit, I bring this message of hope.

People who haven't given up often mention their "self control is nonexistent".

I have felt exactly the same. Like EXACTLY the same. So how come I'm on day 280 and you are smoking while you read this? All I can say is, do NOT answer prematurely the question, "Do I have the will to resist smoking today?" If you are going to ask your self this question, then REALLY, DEEPLY ask it, and deeply listen to your intuitive response.

When people cave in to a bad habit, the process in their mind is like:

* An experience of craving (along with a DISTORTED feeling-toned memory of a fictional, idealised smoking experience (THERE IS NO IDEAL SMOKING EXPERIENCE! ITS A JEDI MIND TRICK! If smoking made you happy you wouldn't want to quit)

* Desire produced by the feeling-toned memory will table with urgency the question - "Do I have the will to quit today?"

* The inner voice of doubt responds first (always) and urgently *ASSERTS* the answer as "*NooOo*, not today, really not today, *ughhhhh*". The voice of doubt is highly strung and carries strong psychic energy (thank you nicotine). These are the early stages of a Jedi Mind Trick looking to hoodwink you. Usually in the first few days, one of these psychic distortions pairs with the idea, "I'm just a smoker, quitting just isn't happening", and the will to quit is collapsed, the jedi mind trick succeeds and you are smoking again. All this, despite the fact that the voice of doubt doesn't have the honest answer to the question  "Do I have the will to resist smoking today?". No point in being ashamed about it. This jedi mind trick keeps millions smoking every day.

At this stage, and if you are reading this then you will soon be at this stage, so listen carefully - it is useful to dis-identify from the voice of doubt. That's not to shun it or block it, or have a wishy-washy transcendence from the suffering of it, but merely to try and observe it mindfully. Even if you are on your way to buy more smokes, just for a few moments authentically feel into the pain that is present, feel closely the sensation that is driving you to smoke. Try to accept the pain as best you can. "This is how I feel now. This is what craving feels like. This is the state I am in." Pretend like you are a scientist who's entire career objective is to find the truest, most authentic answer to "Do I have the will to quit today?", and your government has bestowed the most expensive and advanced scientific equipment to your team. Imagine your mind is a parliament, and the voice of doubt is the leader of the opposition, proposing his own answer to this great question.

Let it pass. Even in the unlikely event that the answer to "Do I have the will to quit today?" is "no", 99.99999% of smokers still have the will to sit through ONE craving without feeding it. You are witnessing a parliamentary debate, and once the opposition (craving) has made it's argument, after a moment or two things simmer down, you can then mindfully bring into focus the true answer to the question  "Do I have the will to resist smoking today?". The noble proclamation of an enboldened, popular government. "Yes."

When you let one craving pass, this is your reward: a glimpse of insight into the stronger part of you (that was always there and is more true to you), the part of you that will gradually awaken if you stay in the discussion. You move a step forward in the scientific quest to answer with honesty the question of "Do I have the will to quit today?"

Identify with the positive thoughts. You are in the governing seat of power in the parliament that is your mind, you always were! Stagnation has given room for the lesser, corrupt forces to jostle for power. And they have been winning arguments far too easily lately. You are the embattled, righteous, democratically elected governing party. YOU are the sovereign! YOU are the choice-maker! You're gonna continue making a mix of good and bad choices. But in this parliament is it time to give heed to the positive spirits. Yes we can! Yes we can! Yes we can! The population has united behind you!

The imperial and devious United States Army is practising war drills across your southern border. This is provocation. Deep in secure bunkers in your Glorious Capitol, your best scientists work 18 hours a day to solve the Great Question ("Do I have the will to quit today?"). Under threat of immediate 'termination' for failure to practise science with HONESTY, your scientists continue to EVALUATE THOROUGHLY all the claims of the weasley opposition forces in parliament.

Evil Capitalist American Airforce begin a bombing campaign on your Citadel in the southern province. Your glorious scientists bring excellent news of developments in the lab. The new super weapon is ready to fire imminently. As Supreme Leader, you feel empowered, almost sexually invigorated, by the news that your glorious, embattled sovereign republic has FINALLY armed itself with the means to inflict serious damage upon the West!

You launch the superweapon upon the mainland USA: it's effects are immediate and devastating. The US pleas for an immediate cease-fire as her corrupt cities are razzled to apocalyptic smoking ashes. What remains is so bleak that the survivors envy the dead. True devastation of the enemy.

Riding on historic and unprecedented levels of public support, your governing party declares an ETERNAL REICH, you declare yourself ETERNAL LEADER OF THE REPUBLIC. Opposition forces are rounded up and given summary executions. There is no more dissent in parliament, BECAUSE YOU KILL THE DISSENTORS.

...

Thanks for reading. As you bask in the glory of your historic victory over the fascist imperial Westerners, remember that this is but one victory, and the duty of your glorious republic is to fight the war for the side of good. Eternal vigilance is the price of victory. Lesser spirits will challenge time and time again.

Our spies in the West have sent us details of a new ploy by the US. They are going to send diplomats on a 'mission of peace and compromise'. When they come to trigger your cravings, just remember the true, glorious and sacred sovereignty of your personal parliament, remember the glory of your eternal REICH and remember the legendary victories you have already won in this great war. Don't let those victories be for nothing.