Thoughts on 1 year

Longtime lurker, first time poster. 

Yesterday was my 365 day mark. There was a time I thought getting here would be impossible. I wanted to share my thoughts on the subject since it is a matter of life and death.

I smoked for five years on and off, from 18 to 23. I started intentionally and fell hard. For years I was broke and scrounging up change to buy cigarettes (in NYC where they're $12.00 - $15.00) or sick and smoking anyway, or borrowing money from my mother and buying cigarettes. It was a pattern of behavior that I romanticized and felt terrible about all at once. I never told my parents I smoked, and had nightmares about it where they found out, because among my siblings I was the most well-behaved. Most of my friends hated it and bugged me to stop. I had a number of failed attempts of various lengths.

I quit for good using the Allen Carr book. I'd heard about it on this subreddit and seen it at bookstores – but like many people who consider themselves smart I didn't want to believe I could be brainwashed by a book. Now that I've read it and it worked I try to pass it onto my friends who have a similar aversion to "self-help" literature. All of them say that they will eventually quit on their own. What I tell them, and you, is that you're still quitting on your own even if you use a book to help. If you read a book on how to build a house with your bare hands, and you did, would you not say that you did it on your own? 

To give you an idea of how effective this book can be, I'll tell you about the environment in which I read it. I was working on a cruise ship where cigarettes cost $2.00 a pack. I had a great position and salary and a lot of down time and boredom and the weather was perfect every day. The smoking culture on the ship was pervasive; most of the crew were from countries with some of the highest smoking rates in the world. The way to socialize on the ship was to hang out in the crew bar at night (on the bottom deck) where you were allowed to smoke and alcohol was also dirt cheap. This was a great place to be a drinker and a smoker. The first time I'd worked there, I'd taken advantage of both. This time though, I wanted to make better use of my time, so I bought the Allen Carr book from the crew shop and read it while I smoked, as per the instructions. By the end of it I couldn't wait to quit – and I did.

If you submit to this book – and why wouldn't you try, you're already submitting to cigarettes – it will save your life. On the back cover of the edition I got, it said Allen Carr's mission was to remove fear, and that's what it does. Once I quit smoking I saw that my destructive impulses – drinking, procrastination, bad nutrition – were linked to some kind of fear. I think it's the fear of facing your true self when you remove the smothering distractions and inebriates. But I think you'll find you're still yourself without them, you're beautiful, you're confident, and people love you. And you'll smell better. 

Quitting smoking is one of the easiest and best things you can do for your well-being. All you have to do is do nothing – not smoke. You won't miss blowing your money, you won't miss waking up feeling like shit, and you won't miss going outside in the cold. You will feel complete again.



