Will I relapse if I stop smoking now?


Hello Forum,

I’ve been thinking about quitting for a while now and I’ve tried with gum and with the patches and with an e-cig and all or two or one or the other and none before, and none of that worked.

I could try any and all of that again but it scares me to try because I’m worried if I stop smoking now I will relapse. 

I’ve been sober from pills and alcohol for eleven months now and I still don’t feel that great – I don’t feel stable and I don’t feel “good” and I don’t feel confident I can stay sober and I don’t feel anywhere near “recovered” or even within the realm of “recovery.”  

I’m getting personal and professional help and doing the things people trying to stay sober do: therapy, meetings, support from family and friends, etc…

Most people tell me to wait to quit smoking. A lot of people say to wait until I more confident, feel more stable, feel….better? A lot of people say to wait at least a year, and very possibly a bit longer.

Well I am almost a year, and I can’t imagine feeling any better in a few weeks time than I do now.  And nearly everyone tells me then to wait a bit longer to quit smoking.  By “nearly everyone” I am referring to people who are either in addiction recovery themselves or who work with people in addiction recovery.  Most of the people I talk to about this are ex-smokers themselves; people who used to smoke, but have quit and no longer do. Also it doesn’t help some websites/literature on this issue tend to lean towards this advice as well.  

I think I want to quit smoking? Maybe?  But I’m really scared to quit because what if I relapse then?

The scenario in my head goes like this: I quit smoking, whether with the patch/gum whatever or cold turkey.  Then I want a cigarette. But I can’t have one because I quit.  So I take some pills instead. Or drink instead – alcohol is at least as easy to buy as cigarettes.  Then I relapse. And then die. The end.

Ok so the above scenario probably doesn’t make sense.  Except that it does to me. That scenario makes perfect sense to me and could definitely happen.  So the moment I get a craving for a cigarette, even if I’ve “quit” – I go get some cigarettes so I don’t get something else instead.  

I get that this is a psychological block.  But then how do I get over it?  Telling me the scenario is ridiculous really won’t help because that scenario makes perfect sense to me, and terrifies me.  Does the advice I have been given have any merit? I have talked about my fears with people but their response is: “Then don’t quit yet.”  

But really?
