I really need help. My mom will die if she doesn't quit.

Ok. I will try to keep this concise. Using a throwaway because some of this stuff is pretty specific. I am 17 years old, I have a 19 year old brother, and a 50 year old mom. My dad committed suicide 6 years ago. That day, my mom stopped drinking and hasn't had a sip in 6 years. My brother also had a drug problem and has now been sober for 3 years, going to a great college. 

Here's the problem. Last year my mom fainted out of nowhere. She was rushed to the emergency room and found to have a torn Aorta (main artery of the body, passes right over the heart). She immediately was put into open heart surgery. We were told that about 85% of cases in which a patient has torn or ruptured their aorta result in death. Having practically no close family or friends to rely on, we were panicked and devastated. Somehow, she survived. I have no idea. She got a second chance in life.

 After the surgery, she had to stay there for 3 weeks. Every day the nurses told me, "Throwaway, you NEED to make sure she stops smoking after this. There's no way she can go on smoking that much." Which, for the record, was probably about two packs a day. It was revealed that high blood pressure, like very high, contributed to the tears in her aorta. This was caused by smoking, adderall (which she was prescribed), and stress.

 Fast forward about 8 months ago. She's in better health and everything seems to be picking up. But one day I see her on the patio and to my dismay, she is just blatantly smoking. I asked her what she was doing and reminded her of what the nurses had repeatedly said to me. She starts denying that smoking had in any way contributed to her trip to the hospital. I am bewildered and very upset. My brother is in college at this point so I can't talk to him about it in person. I printed out several reliable sources saying that smoking and adderall directly cause high blood pressure. She gets extremely defensive, yells at me and tells me to leave. If I did not mention it already, she is incredibly stubborn and will not listen to me if it's something she doesn't want to hear. Any advice I give or opinions I have are quickly brushed off as irrelevant if it goes against her predispositions. So, I wait a few weeks and she is still smoking. I constantly brought it up but have clearly had little impact on her decisions. 

This was months ago. A lot has happened and I've been dealing with other issues. But it just kind of hit me today after reading an article about smoking that she needs to stop. As morbid as it sounds, I'm almost certain she will die if she doesn't quit. Again, I was urged by multiple medical professionals to ensure that she never smokes again. I feel like I've let them down, and let my mom down as well. In the event that something happens to her, I will only have my brother. I don't think either of us would be able to process another loss like that. 

If you're reading this, I appreciate you taking the time. I really need advice here and I have almost no one to go to. I feel like I can't get through to her. What should I do? Is there someone I should talk to that she may be more willing to listen to? I am grateful for any advice you may have.