Forced to quit smoking. Anyone else had this?

I had mostly quit smoking and had transitioned onto 3mg vape. I was having only a fraction of the nicotine I was when I smoked. I'd been vaping 3mg for around 4 or 5 months at this point.

I started getting weird symptoms that grew slowly over time. I was wired off my tits and started getting feelings of extreme anxiety. By the end of the day I'd have dull chest ache and was unable to sleep. At the end of some days I'd have shortness of breath. I had no idea what it was but every single morning without fail I'd wake up feeling much better (but not 100%).

I figured it was the vape. Maybe I was reacting to the juice in some weird way. So I decided to go a few days on nicotine gum instead to find out (in the lowest nicotine I could find). After a couple of these I had to call an ambulance because I thought I was having a heart attack. The EKG came up completely fine except my heart rate was obviously elevated. The paramedic recommended seeing a doctor soon, but a lot of the questions were obviously geared towards my state of mind (It was quite apparent to her that it was most likely a panic attack). For context I'm 26 male with no known health conditions, am in perfect shape and exercise regularly with no family history of anything.

After 2 days no smoking I felt fucking great again. No anxiety, no physical symptoms whatsoever. I had my head back and I felt good again. Now I thought maybe I had developed anxiety and the nicotine was really just making that worse, but I feel 100% without it and AFAIK GAD is not something that can be switched off and on quite so drastically like that (esp when it never did before). This has continued on over the last 2 weeks, none of the previous symptoms except of course wanting to vape all the time. I did slip up a few times early on and when I had a few puffs of the vape and the symptoms would come back full force very quickly and then take several hours to subside. Each time made it more and more painstakingly obvious that for some reason, i'm now absurdly sensitive to nicotine and this is not something I have a choice to do anymore.

Now I need to get checked out pronto as i'm concerned this is potentially something more sinister and these symptons could be a side affect of that. I have a a long overdue appointment in a few days. But as it stands now, I've basically been forced to quit smoking completely cold turkey against my will. Assuming I don't have some horrible disease, this may well be the best and worst thing that's ever happened to me.

Has this happened to anyone else? Should I be worried?
