Today I decided I am going to quit smoking, for good.

Well I am not nearly as long as a smoker as a lot of you are. Still it only takes one pack to pick up the next, and the next and so on. 


I have been smoking for about 3 years since I was 16, started with depression and fascination in watching it burn down. Then really picked up with my unit in the Reserves well training, they all smoked regardless of rank it was only place we all felt a bit equal to the higher ups. I left that for school and really picking it up when I got into trade school for welding, EVERYONE smoked so why not. 



So since, Ive picked up smoking cigars, cigarettes and cigarillos. Went from Belmonts and decent cigars from shops to Backwoods and native smokes. 


here we are today, alone, me busy guy, young guy. 


I smoke the most when A) drinking with other guys or B) depressed and alone at night outside. 


well tonight was another B kinda night which happens often. 

and I thought, I am tired of being lonely...you know I try hard for dates and etc and usually doesn't work out.


I don't really have time to care.



Now I tried quitting last month, reason being my grandfather has bone cancer and I would hate for him to find out I smoke.


I failed, but only smoke when depressed now.




So back to tonight, see I realized if I want a women or anyone in my life, they deserve the best I have to offer. The best is making myself a better person, mentally, physically and healthly. 



I don't deserve anyone in my life from friends to neighbors to women until I earn the satisfaction in being proud in who I am.



I signed up to a gym with my uncle starting this weekend. 

I watched my last cigarette burn...didnt put it to my cold chapped lips once...I just watched it burn, burn its life away, which is essentially what ive been doing mentally.


This is a small step to the greater goodness of myself as a person. 



I want to commit to this, tommorow morning the pack of Oakdales and Backwood cigars in my car are being thrown out.