Attempted to give up smoking yesterday....

Hi Guys! 

I didn't start smoking until my early 20's. I was literally addicted that very first cigarette. I thought to myself it would be so easy to give up if I wanted too, but I always told myself I didn't want too... I was still young, I could experiment and just stop when I decided too... Yea. No, that's not how it panned out.... 10 years down the track to the present day and I have breathing issues from the smoking, my teeth seem to be moving and changing color now because of the smoking. My skin is grey. I smoke 40 cigarettes per DAY. I spend exactly $34.00 on cigarettes per day (Aus prices). The money bothers me the most if I am honest.

Two days ago it just suddenly hit me. I do NOT want to be this person anymore, I am being destructive, I am going to be financially ruined if I keep this behaviour up. I thought about the people in my life that smoke or smoked and where they are now. My Grandmother had emphysema after smoking for 60+ years. She died when she was 86 and I was there to watch her struggle to breathe and that moment haunts me and will do for my entire life. My uncle died from lung cancer, it spread to his bones, he was 60 when he died and I cry at the thought of the pain he was in and the pain his wife and children now go through without him. The people who are alive have missing teeth, they smell, they spend their money on cigarettes instead of clothing or holidays or even just a day trip out. Their lives seem to revolve around smoking, especially the older and longer they have smoked. I don't want to be like that. I look at my mother in law and father in law and see what smoking has done to them and it honestly scares me. It scares me that I could be a slave to this addiction just like they are - well I already am slave to this addiction but I want to stop it now. I am 30, I WANT to stop now. 

Yesterday I tried to stop, but I failed miserably. I smoked about 10 throughout the day and felt like the biggest failure. I am nervous about this, I am scared of the change, but I want to stop. I feel like I have such a deep routine with smoking and it terrifies me to change this daily routine. I am motivated about 50% of the time and the other half I am a nervous wreck. 

Any tips for taking away the anxiety and nervousness? What worked for you? Any positive info from anyone who has smoked 40 smokes a day?