Day 1...I need to do this..

Im 24. I began smoking in March 2013 right after my baby cat died and I began dating someone that smoked. Id tried cigs before but only once in a very blue moon at parties when I drank. That was maybe once every couple months. And I never got addicted before. But last year, that changed.

I broke up with the smoker about just one month of dating. My ex from 2012 came back into my life and HATED that I smoked. I became a nurse and was not allowed to smoke in the hospital. I wore clothes over my scrubs on my lunch break and actually wore gloves when i smoked so I could decrease the smell! My ex always made complaints about me smoking/second hand smoke/its gross/etc.

I quit around August for a little over a month when I ended up losing my job. I stayed away from cigs due to boyfriend, but relapsed into using an ecig. that was actually better than real cigs but I couldnt find a hospital job. Bf broke up with me, and I ended up going back to cigs.

Fast forward to this year. In january i was playing a dancing game at a friends house and went into respiratory distress. I was taken to the hospital after going outside and using my inhaler several times didnt work. At the hospital, they told me that I dont have the lungs to smoke and because I was so sick, I successfully quit for about 3 months.

Then, I relapsed while dating someone new. This partner actually refused to see me unless I quit....and I chose to give that person up because I was having PTSD flashbacks and the only way I could cope with my anxiety (in my mind) was to take my medicine and also to smoke.

So, I lost that person 2 months ago. That person swears up and down to everyone that I chose smoking over them. It really hurts. Whats worse is that I want a better job again, but cannot fail the cotinine blood tests that ALL area hospitals perform on their newly hired staff.

I have an interview on Friday for a hospital job. Ive had several interviews, and have quit/restarted a few times due to being disappointed after an interview doesnt go well/end up with me having the job. 

But I need to do it this time. I smoked my last cigarette around 3pm and I am a pack-a day smoker.....I know its only 7 hours but thats already 10~ cigarettes that I havent smoked just in that time.

TLDR; Nurse has interview and is using it as motivation to quit. really want it to stick this time. Its honestly so hard even though Ive only been smoking for a little over a year and have quit a couple times.