19 Days without my ultimate life-crutch ... experiencing some intense anxiety

Hey guys, 

I really feel like I've beaten this thing. This year has been the year I've been tackling my addictions. 3 months ago I put away the ganja,  and 19 days ago it was the cigarettes. I truly believe this is my final attempt to quit, I feel it in my heart and I have found it easy. That is, easy to say no to cigarettes, to avoid relapse in tempting situations, and to see the truth that is: cigarettes offer nothing but suffering. 

However, I've been noticing something the last couple weeks. I have this horrible anxious feeling, rather a lot. It doesn't feel like cravings, or anxiety that could be relieved completely by smoking a cigarette. It feels like anxiety that comes from tackling life head on, without a drug as a crutch. I get a lump-like sensation in my throat and my mind starts to race, my lip starts to wobble and eyes start to water. Sometimes its really bad and I feel like I can't do anything but lay around, and sometimes it is bearable enough to be able to get a little bit of work done. My biggest problem with this though is that a little bit of work is not enough at the moment - I need to work hard on a university research project, and my goal timeline and general work is suffering because of this. Perhaps it wasn't the perfect time to quit smoking, but when ever is it ?! I know quitting was the right decision and I'm so happy with it, but I'm just dying for this anxiety to leave. 

I guess I'm just wondering if anyone can empathise... does this feeling go away naturally, or is it something that I need to work on? All of the stuff I read online suggests that withdrawal anxiety won't persist further than two weeks, but I'd like to think it's not that black and white. Biochemistry aside, I have been using weed and cigarettes as a crutch for many years, and since weed has gone from my life cigarettes has been an even bigger crutch. And now that THAT is gone, I think my brain doesn't know how to deal with life anymore.  I have been meditating and it certainly prevents the anxiety from taking over me, but not enough at all. Ultimately at the moment, I feel anxious, depressed and unfocussed. 

I spent the last two days climing Ben Nevis in Scotland with my friends and camping by the lake - at the time it helped a lot, but as soon as I returned home I feel the same again. I'll be spending next week by visiting my parents and dogs - I feel like family and friends is important right now and I know they will be there for me. 

If anyone can show me the light at the end of the tunnel, or offer any tips etc. to get through this then I'd really really appreciate it. Thank you !!! 