Long time lurker and wanted to share my struggle. 17 days a non smoker!!

I'm starting to feel great!  A little background.  I'm 26 and have been smoking since I was 17.  I was a pack a day smoker for at least the last 5 years.  Quitting was super rough for me as I always gave into the temptation everyday.  I tried to quit hundreds of times. 

For the last couple months I was disgusted with myself and how much I was smoking.  It started with saying "I'll quit for new years" and then "my birthday" and then "when I get back from this trip" and then it was every other Monday I was setting a quit date.  I'd smoke a cigarette every hour at my job or whenever I could get away.  If i was on a break I would smoke 3 in thirty minutes. I started smoking in my bathroom because I couldn't smoke on the outside of my building anymore and was lazy.  I'd get piss drunk and chainsmoke over the toilet bowl and say this is the last one, put the rest under the faucet never to smoke again and then wake up, go buy a pack and do the same thing over.  At one point 2 days in I pulled a wet cigarette out of the pack, microwaved it and smoked it saying "just one shitty cigarette" which only led me to buy a pack after.  I couldn't breathe, I felt out of shape, I woke up coughing every morning and wheezing in my sleep, I was depressed about my constant failure to quit smoking and I HATED myself for it. 

Finally on August 2nd I made it through the first day.  Not easily.. I work in the restaurant industry and am surrounded by people that smoke.  I quit on one of my days off so to not be tempted by the stresses of work and bumming from a coworker.  I distracted myself with things I had been putting off that I enjoy like climbing and going out to take pictures.  Its almost been 17 days now since I quit.  Not even one cigarette.  It feels surreal.  That cigarette in my hand was extension of me.  Something I always felt was part of me and couldn't escape.  I'm doing things I love more.  Just got back from a national park and felt way better hiking.  First time I haven't smoked while in a national park and I used to smoke on the trails.  My mood has mildly improved. Always working on that.  But I'm breathing better, climbing better, working better, sleeping better and fucking better.  Seriously my dick is harder now!!  It all feels great.

Anyway, just wanted to share.  I hope this inspires someone to quit tomorrow.  It took me a long time to get to tomorrow and finally the day.  It hasn't been easy at all and I still sometimes think after doing some errands or activities "can't wait to smoke after this" and then remember "oh, i don't smoke anymore:(" but its been so fucking worth it. Stay strong everyone.  We will beat this.