I threw my pack in the bin last week and haven't smoked for the first time in over 13 years!

This day last week at 14:31 (GMT) I threw my pack of fags into the bin. Picked up my e-cig and told it 'to go fuck it self, its no friend of mine', threw it on the couch. 

Out the door went to work and haven't looked back since, I haven't smoked or used the e-cig in over a week, I've never gone this long before and have been smoking for over 13 years at least a pack a day. 

a few thins that helped me;

I use to get so scared and full of anxiety even thinking about quitting, quitting is easy. Cravings never last long and once you shoulder through one you can shoulder through 1000's off them. I started doing this when I smoked. Once you feel like a fag, wait 10 minutes. That's all, just 10 minutes. See how you feel, I kept doing this for a while. This really helped when I finally kicked it. 

All I have been reading about this week is quitting smoking and the benefits of not smoking, I kept reading the smoking timeline after 24 hours, 72 hours etc. Its like unlocking achievements. I got really excited when 48 hours came and I was nicotine free. It was great. I can't wait to be able to run and be able to breath, skin looking clearer, healthier, more energy, tasting and smelling everything. etc.

Break the habit fags. I use to smoke going to the bus stop, one when I got off the bus, one at 10:00 with coffee in work, one at 11:30, one going to get lunch 13:00, one after ive eaten lunch, one before lunch break finished, one at 15:30, one 16:30, one when I finished work 17:30/18:00 ish, one when i get off the bus on my way home. 

I looked back and released I didn't crave half of those fags, I cut half them down. One going to work, one at 11:30, only one at lunch, and one at 16:30 and one after my dinner when I got home. This helped so much, cause it started breaking the habit for me. 

What really helped me was stopping there and then, picking up the box of fags and throwing them into the bin. I never did that, I got such a rush and was so excited and happy with myself at what I did. This really meant that this was it, wasn't I'll quit after this box, I'll quit one the Xth, it was now the decision was made. 

One week in and I feel great, cravings are minimal cause I know its not a physical craving as the nicotine is gone, its only my stupid fucking head tricking me. The same stupid fucking head that got me into this mess 15 years previous thinking I was cool and picking up this filthy habit!