A couple of random (though separate) thoughts on the addiction monster and Native North American attitudes toward tobacco.

I caved in yesterday after 18 days free. I still feel pretty bad about it, since it was my first attempt at quitting after 20 years of smoking and it was going fairly well.

But for those people (including me) who've tried and relapsed: I once read an article about a 19th century Irish boxer who, when asked how he won so many fights, replied that (paraphrasing here) you can't win a boxing match without taking a few punches yourself, and he had gotten punched so many times that he wasn't afraid of getting punched anymore. He just kept fighting. 

Smoking is akin to taking punches in a boxing match. It hurts and it's scary but with courage it can be seen for what it really is - not an undefeatable enemy but something that can be overcome with effort, and once you become unafraid of pain - the severe discomfort of quitting - it's on the ropes and about to throw in the towel. Your addiction really is smaller and weaker than you are, once you see it and put its place.

Also: I took a course on various Native North American cultures. As you probably know, tobacco is a plant used in sacred ceremonies in many of their cultures. My professor for that course - a Huron woman - was a heavy smoker. I asked her how she reconciled smoking tobacco nowadays with how her ancestors used tobacco in rituals. She told me that she, like many other Natives, was abusing it. She said that it was self-abuse, and abuse of any kind is hard to just walk away from; the abuser, no matter who it is, is constantly in the mind even when one has left him/her/it behind. In the pre-European contact Huron culture, tobacco was not allowed to be abused: it was used extremely sparingly, almost solely among wise elders who had had to develop a deep understanding of the nature of temptation and the discipline and social support necessary to confine temptation to its proper place: as something that was not a monstrous and uncontrollable risk, but something that could not harm you provided you understood what you were doing and why you were doing it. 

In other words, I think: it is, like other people in this subreddit say, in your mind. There is surely a chemical component to nicotine addiction but that is the least difficult part to overcome. The harder thing to overcome is the part which is abuse. Victims of abuse, even self-abuse, find it very difficult to leave their abusers; they become psychologically dependent on them. This happens for a variety of reasons, fear of the consequences of making the abuser angry by "doing the wrong thing" and hoping that things will change somehow being chief among them.

A conscious decision must be made to leave its influence of the abuser on you in the past, and that is the hardest thing to do, even if that abuser is yourself. Temptation is just temptation, nothing more; one must develop the wisdom to recognize this.

Just a couple of thoughts, and sorry for this dog's breakfast of laboured analogies. But after this relapse - my first - I realize that I have to understand my addiction, and how insignificant it really is, and how I'm the one making it into something more than it is.

Thaks for reading thus far. It's just a couple of things I need to write down and remember once I make my second attempt, which will be successful, this time. Total knockout in round two.

edit: spelling iz no gud
