3rd quit attempt. Help?

I started smoking in elm. school but much more heavily in jr.high and high school. I turn 35 years old next week. I have quit 2 times previously. Once with the help of that cold laser thing and the other time I tried chantix which really helped but it made me very ill so I had to stop taking it and go cold turkey the rest of the way. Those were my only 2 successful attempts. I have also tried pretty much all the other older methods out there without success. I do have an ecig and have tried using that to help but I really don't care for it and feel like it makes my headaches worse. So, I'm hoping I can manage to do this cold turkey and I could really use some tips!

It has been so long since the last times I quit, all I can remember is I need to stay away from people the first few days, drink a lot of water and try to sleep as much as possible. My fiancé smokes but thankfully we never smoke in the house so it will be a bit of a trigger but not like if he was doing it in the house. Is there anything else that I can do? I need to not stuff my face with food either cause I'm also trying to lose weight (or at least not gain any extra while quitting because I know it changes your metabolism).

I am having some major breathing issues and have bronchitis and asthma and am getting coughing fits that make me vomit. Both of my parents have had strokes at a very young age and are perm disabled from them and we all share the same clotting disorders. So, I really have to do this. But already this morning I'm obsessing about having a cig. I wish I wasn't so sick right now or I would just run around cleaning but I also have a fever so I need to be careful how much I do. 

Besides maybe playing some video games and stuff like that and what I mentioned above, any other tips??? No idea how I will even make it through today as I'm not sure I can even make it through this current craving :( (FYI: even when I was quit for several years, my cravings never fully went away)