1 Year. Advice from my experience

I smoked a pack a day for 12 years and didn't even want to quit when I did. Like many people, Allen Carr's book was suggested to me and I found a .pdf of it online. I wasn't even going to give it a shot until he said that I could smoke while I read the book. I can't imagine ever smoking again. Here's some takeaways for me that might help others. I will try not to include anything from the book just in case it didn't work for you:

1. Tell everyone you know that you're quitting. Not to brag, but just to let them know that you're gonna be a huge douche for about a week. While quitting, you can be a dick to everyone and they'll still treat you kindly!

2. Don't listen to people who say the cravings never go away. That was the biggest hurdle I had to get over in my brain. "Why quit if I'm still going to have cravings down the road?" The active smoker and the former smoker have two different mind sets. When you get a random craving 3 months later, it's like your brain saying, "Hey, wouldn't it be crazy if we smoked a cigarette right now?" Then you're just like, "Yea I guess" and it goes away. It's NOTHING like what you're going to feel for that first week.

3. I'm tempted just to post everything from Allen Carr's book but I will only say one thing. It's not even close to the best advice in the book but STOP ALL NICOTINE when you quit. Don't chew on nicotine gum or smoke e-cigs or take meds. I know I might catch some shit for this, but it's so much easier just to quit everything at once. It's gonna be the hardest week ever and then shit is just gonna start to get easier. Why delay that process with expensive alternatives?

4. I swear to God you'll get over smoking in your car, after a meal, etc. This was unfathomable to me. I thought my life would change dramatically for the worse after I quit. How the fuck could people not smoke in certain situations? Trust me, your brain will fix this thought process as the days go on. 

That's all I can think of right now. Just fucking quit. No one has ever said, "Man, quitting smoking was a terrible idea." Unless it's during that first week. That's an anger I remember and can understand. But it goes away. IT ONLY GETS BETTER!