2.2 weeks, positive feedback and a brighter outlook to life and its events. Hurray! Waiting for it to touch 12yrs :P

I've tired quitting so many times, I've lost count. So this time I found this sub group joined it and quit. 

The last few days, esp the first week has been bat shit crazy! I posted here and got support and answers to questions. It helped me keep my mind and emotions in check. 

The last 3 days have ended with few drinks after work, all three times I heard a voice I my head 

" maybe one smoke, it's okay" I said no noways " you've held it off two weeks one is fine" 

then I thought about all the things I went through the first week and asked myself if I want to do that again. All the things quitting is doing to my body, good things, do I really want to let that go? Do I believe I can start smoking and do this process again?

The answer was no. I never want to get back to this ever again. I am not a smoker. No more. 

Life at times is hard throws shit at you i can deal with it without smoking, like many people do.

In the past few days my partner (a heavy smoker) lite a smoke for me after I said I really felt like having one then when the smoke was lit "I said no, I don't want to go through the pain of quitting again."

I sat next to smokers taking their smoke breaks several times in a day, and I only thought that was me once, trapped and in a place so hard to get out of. But I told myself I needed it. Secretly it made me feel good and "cool" (what bullshit.) The movies and media portrays it like a cool thing never the actual addiction of it. As a stupid 20 yes old I did it to fit in (in my head) and suffered the consequences for over a decade. 

Now that I'm out I feel like wow I never want to be there again and feel I wish I could help them. But I know I can't. I can only help myself. 

The funny and amazing side to this is, now, I feel like I have time, time to think and work on things that matter. And I have hardly any stress for small things anymore.. I find that wierd. Like I used to be stressed and lite up but now I just read a situation and do what I can at the time. I  am More aware of my body and how I am feeling , which is amazing. 

Anyways this long post also helps me realize how good it has been and is to not be a smoker anymore and how happy I am to have this forum. Thank all! 