Trying to quit smoking and seems impossible

I been smoking since the age of 13, so that's about 12 years. I know that's not as long as most people, but to me that's 12 years too long. I'm 25 now and I been trying everything to quit. I tried vapes, patches, gum. It momentarily ceases the urge to smoke, but the addiction still lies there. The point of quitting is to get rid of that addiction factor, not for a temporary lapse of not wanting to smoke, but for a lifetime of not wanting that urge to get that first cigarette in the morning. I smoke for everything, before meals, after meals, before a computer game, after a computer game, before and after an episode of TV. The reason I don't smoke a pack a day is because of the fact I don't want to reach the point of my life where I'm smoking a pack a day. So I do limit myself to 12-15 cigs a day, only because I sometimes force myself to not reach that 1 pack a day limit, because when you reach the point of smoking 1-2 packs per day, you know you reached Rock Bottom and it will be that much harder to get back up. As Mark Twain once said "It's easy to quit smoking, I've done it hundreds of times." This relates to me, because I quit smoking many times, then I reach a point where I desperately need a smoke and I just have one. To be honest I really want to quit smoking, but even as I am writing this post, I have the urge to smoke and the only thing stopping me is that I always have to finish what I start before doing something else. Yes a lot of people quit mostly because of their loved ones wanting them to quit, but for me personally I believe people can tell me what to do, but it will have to ultimately be me who makes that first leap into a non-smoking free zone. I promised myself that I will quit by the end of this week, others told me to just toss all the cigarette boxes (a full carton of it) down the trash can and destroy every last bit of cigarette you have right now. The thing is now, what do I do when I actually do finally quit? How will I survive the day? How will I be able to go to work, take a test, etc. without stressing out? I remember the last time I quit very well. For 3 days straight or 4 I couldn't think, I felt very pale and lightheaded, the pain of quitting again is what I'm afraid of, but my girlfriend, my mom, my dad, my brother, everyone at my work is rooting for me to quit. All my loved ones that I care about and care about me want me to quit. So please help me find ways to relieve my stress and other options I can take to survive the first week of quitting.