My experience on quitting.

Hey guys,
In a few days I'll hit the 3 months mark and I've been wanting to share my experience with quitting for those who are considering to quit themselves.

I've smoked for 4 years and like most of us, I tried to quit many times before. Sometimes I would quit for two straight days. Other times I barely lasted two hours.

But with my last attempt something had changed.
Up until now I had never been too sure why I was trying to quit. It was just because of the standard reasons like worries about health and money. But I didn't truly believe in those reasons.

The last year of my smoking I built up a disgust for the fact of how addicted I truly was. And that's what got me to actually quit this time.
I was done being dependent on my cigarettes. Done having to smoke as soon as possible after waking up. Done with living from cigarette to cigarette and done rushing through everything, not truly enjoying life, just to get outside to get my fix.

I finally was truly and honestly done with smoking. 
But still it wasn't easy. Because once I decided I had quit this time I panicked.
I had no idea what I was going to do with may day. What am I to look forward to? What do you do after eating breakfast, what do you do in your lunchbreak at work, what do you do when you're out with friends having a beer?!

All those questions scared me and it was hard to get through those moments. 
But I was open and honest about my attempt to quit and the people around me were supportive. 
It took about three to four weeks when I woke up one day and just got through the day only to notice before I was going to bed, that I had no craving that day. I did not panick because I didn't know what to do. I just got through the day and didn't think about smoking at all.

For those who aren't sure why you're quitting. Try becoming aware of all negative aspects smoking is bringing you.
And if you're trying to quit and don't know what to do with your day. Stay strong and trust me, one day you'll just forget about it and you'll be able to live through a day without dreaming about that cigarette in the morning, or the one in your lunchbreak or the last one before going to bed.