I need advice and was referred to this sub.

I'll condense this because the story is irrelevant for the advice.  I'm currently wrestling demons on trying to quit smoking. (Obviously)  

In a nutshell, I am an clinically bipolar ex-military goofball in my late twenties.  I'm the picture of polite and cordial, but my mood swings are frequent and usually lean on the rage spectrum.  Ever seen a tree while driving down the road that was so green it pissed you off?  Suddenly you realize that you're shaking your steering column from the grip and muscle spasms?  Hell you're ready to swing on your dashboard full might, that damn leafy green color.  Mindless and pointless rage from things that make absolutely no sense are a weekly occurrence.  I've suppressed and dealt with this throughout the years being no danger to anyone.  I avoid prescription medications all around, I don't feel like myself on them.  I would rather suppress this anger and feel everything else.

Back to quitting,  I've smoked around a pack, to a pack and a half a day for around ten years now.  I can overpower the nicotine craving, I can overpower the oral fixation and habits.  But with a gun to my head I can't handle the anger.  When I'm struck by these swings my habit has been to isolate myself, and light up.  Two Camel 99's full flavored back to back, ten minutes has gone by and I'm past it.

I get about two weeks in of no smoking,  I've overpowered the urges and habits and this swing hits me, I sweat with my hands balled to fists trying to just shut my mouth and let it pass through me.  Then twenty five minutes go by and I'm still sweating,  its almost worse than before.  My SO has tried to comfort me through it, but after about two nights ago when I snapped and said many unsavory things, she keeps her distance when I go outside. 

This habit is the only way I can contain my anger, I've read hundreds of tricks and tips and they don't dent it combined, compared to a fucking Camel.  I'm honestly afraid if I can't get this shit in check, I won't have an SO for long.  I also apologize for the very erratic formatting of this, I'm kind of falling apart here, out of options.

