Three week update

Today makes three weeks since my last cigarette.  This is the longest I have went without a cigarette since I started smoking 8 years ago.  

This reddit page has been very important to my three weeks of success.  I loved reading others' stories, struggles, and especially the benefits of quitting.  So now I want to share a little bit, because I think it will encourage someone, just as I was encouraged.  

Benefits:
1.  I am 26 years old and I am very relieved to be getting boners again.  ED and weak boners were hurting my self-confidence.  After doing some research, I suspected that smoking and drinking were contributing to this.  Well, after three weeks without smoking and drinking, my thing is working beautifully!  I am very happy with the results.
2.  I have saved a lot of money.  
3.  My sense of smell is a lot stronger.  I can smell things that I haven't smelled in a long time: certain foods, certain seasonal and natural smells like the grass and trees (maybe you know what I'm talking about).  Also, I can smell how bad my smoking and beer drinking friends smell.  (My roommate smokes Marlboro Reds, and drinks PBRs and Natty Bos.  His breath is so strong and awful after only two of those drinks!)
4.  When I was smoking, I felt like it helped me deal with stress.  I am very sure that my life is much more stress free without cigarettes.  I was using cigarettes and beer to help me cope with certain pressures, stress, and pain.  After stopping the smoking and drinking, I am dealing with these things with much more grace, and it is easier.  I am happier with myself.
5.  I am so much happier with myself.  I like myself.  I feel good about myself.
6.  Since quitting, I have made out with a girl that smoked a lot.  No, I didn't enjoy the taste of her mouth at all.  But I am especially happy to know my mouth does not and will not taste like that to any person I kiss.  Her mouth tasted so bad, it was very distracting and hardly enjoyable.  
7.  I look so much better.  My skin looks better, my eyes look better, my body is leaner (exercising and less beer).  

I want to add too that I still love going out to bars and clubs.  I drink a lot of Pepsi at the bar, and maybe one beer if my friend buys me one.  I am as confident and social as ever.  I am especially energetic and my mind feels clear.  I can easily socialize with women and I have a lot of fun doing it.  I just hang out drinking my Pepsi and chewing my Juicy Fruit.  Being at the bar is as much as fun as it has always been, or maybe even more fun since I like myself so much more.  Plus, the Pepsi is usually free.  

How I quit:
1.  Gum
2.  A quit app on my phone
3.  Reading reddit
4.  Walking when I got bored
5.  Listening to Passion Pit and Phoenix pandora through headphones
6.  Spending a lot of time with my family (Hardly anyone in my family smokes.  So usually when I hang out with anyone who doesn't smoke, it is much easier for me to go without smoking.  Especially when I'm with my little siblings, or my grandparents.  I do not want to smoke around them for some reason: shame, or for the sake of their health and comfort.)
7.  I wasn't ostensive about attempting to quit.  I didn't go around telling people 'I quit.'  I kept it to myself for a few days because I didn't know if I was quitting or not.  (I have fooled myself many times before.)
8.  Playing flappy bird.
9.  Jerking off.
10.  I still walk to the store down the road nearly every day, but instead of my smokes, I buy a Mountain Dew, Tom's BBQ Pork Skins, and some candy.  The pork skins taste so good and have zero carbs.  They're a great, healthy snack in my opinion.  And this week I have been seeing a girl who does smoke.  So when she goes out to smoke, I go with her, but I have a small pack of Hershey's kisses with me.  I eat and suck on them while she smokes.  I love chocolate.  Get this: Marlboro Lights: $5.69.  Can of Mountain Dew, Tom's Pork Skins, and a few small Reece's cups: $2.40.  I love not smoking.  

In conclusion, I am very happy not smoking.  I have quit for three weeks, and my cravings have become minimal and very rare.  My penis is working beautifully.  I am feeling self-confidence that I haven't had for a long time.  I am so appreciative of the reddit community!  