Just had my Awakening/Realization

hello guys, today this is my 38 day smoke free from cig.  something just happened to me, it is written in Allen's book, for those who know the book will understand.  

in simple words, I tried quit smoking for a very long time and failed a lot,red the book 3 times and nothing changed.  

untill I decided to change the way I think about Life, that was 38 days ago, and now the puzzle is solved.  

What I got in conclusion, and guys listen to me very carefully, I think this is the EUREKA!  

ok so let me just quick review of what happened: 

just doing my thing at work, and i usually go to smoke at the smoking area, since I quit I noticed I there's a pole, so I started to do exercises on it to pull my self up and down ( dunno the name in English ). now its time of the night shift, and I went out to work out. I looked at the sky and saw how amazing life is, how this can be such beauty only from nature??? and than I thought about nature --->trees-->animals--->humans.... and it got me.....we are humans beings, are such an Amazing creatures, we build spaceships to the moon, doing crazy stuff all with our body and mind...... so that got me to think, why you quit smoking? does your body tells you it? of course, but only the voice in your head made that decision... so we are some connected to our body right??? and when you realize that your body is actually your "vehicle" oh god I hate cliches...but think about it when you compare your whole body to a tiny little cigarette??? what you body can do? if your exerciseing so this is bigger impact ....  

bottom line/tl;dr 

our body is sorta of a godlike "machine", you can so whatever you want with it, it's up to you, and when you know that powerful knowledge, the point of smoking is just flushed in the toilet and never to be seen again.... as so this is my last post here guys... didn't want to leave without my own experience and conclusion on the habit.  

so random dude on Reddit, if you're still struggling with quitting, be sure to really want it first, second so it, and third let the time pass and the realization will come on its own in your own way/point of view.  

I wish you the best luck, many thanks to you guys, funny to know that I quitted smoking just from lurking Reddit x).