Guys, I really need your good vibes

Hello comrades!  I want to share my experience and also my problem.

I’m turning 26 in couple weeks, smoking since 15, and I really don’t want go 26 still smoking, I managed in the summer keep off for like 60 days, but I smoked weed mixed with tobacco so I don’t count that.

The problem is this: after I set a date and actually quit, 2 things happen.

On the one hand, i feel so good and confident like I can conquer the earth each day passes. On the other hand, i don’t feel like myself, like cigarettes is actually part of me. It is most seen when I go out with girls, if I’m in my streak, I don’t feel natural with them, and I’m getting confused then angry about the idea that if I smoked I would be way more good with them girls, and it really like that.

If I go out on a date with a girl and I got my cigarettes, the date is awesome and we having a good time, but if I go out without (when I’m on a streak) I become weird and confused and they can feel it.

My view of the world is that the females are the most important thing on earth and also they give me the fire do go out and do things and become strong male.  When I quit , the opposite happens with them. In every other aspect of my life is great when i manage to keep off the cig , I literally spend money only on gas  and coffee ( I work at 2 jobs so I got no time to hangout and living with my parents for saving). So I got a thick wallet, I love to drive in a clean car, exercise is a lot better, and the freedom is so great, I do task after task and I don’t have this breaks to smoke, life just seem to flow so good. But than it comes, I met the girl, I’m non smoker and bam I feel like total crap like I can’t let her enjoy my time.

This Is really frustrate me because I really enjoy life in all aspects without cig but the most important thing to me is being kinda “damaged” ( the love life ).

Any one experienced something similar to what I post on  this wall of text? I don’t know what more important, my life or having fun with the other sex? Because it seems like all my confidence with girls are build up on cig, you know? It make the game much easier, more flow, when I don’t smoke I feel like I’m so fucking flat lame mediocre piece of shit that can’t make a girl good time.

Please any advice would be great, I set a quit day 21st December, day before my birthday.I’m reading all I can about this topic but doesn’t seem to find...  

Also to mention I quit smoking weed either, so my next attempt to quit will be real, like no turning back, but I’m worried I lose my touch with the lovely girls :(

S O S , and thank you!

Note: didn’t update my badge!