Losing my mind

I'm not sure if this is the right subreddit for this post but i feel this community will best understand what I am saying.

Hello, not sure how to start this so I guess ill start with how it began. I would have been about 15 when I started getting really depressed (I thought it was just a "phase") after about 6 months it got worse, i got suicidal but I was always too scared to do it, so I started smoking in hopes of it making this a little quicker. 3 years later I started my first year of university and though I had stopped self harming around then my arms already looked like wash-boards but. Things started too look better after that however, a friend of mine had showed me his vape and I loved it so I got one myself which led me to quitting cigarettes 2 weeks later for about a 2 years, also around this time I had reconnected with girl I had used to work with.  I ended up not getting accepted into my program (nursing) so after 2 years at university I quit and got a job with my dad working on an oil rig so i can go try for a diploma at college for an LPN this August, due to there being nowhere to get vape supplies around where we live and work I started smoking again. 
I'm 21 now and that girl I had reconnected with started "hanging out" as we called it, but really they were more like dates (movies, dancing, bowling, hiking,etc). I really liked her though so I decided i'd try quitting smoking again, so in March I picked up some Champax, when they asked me if I had any problems with depression I told them "not anymore" I was pretty sure I was over it by now because I felt normal. So I was given half the pills they recommend and things were going good i could go about a week before I caved and had a smoke but then I could go another week I things were just getting better, but then I ran out of pills and I was at work and unable to get more for another 3 weeks so I relapsed. In the beggining of June I went to the pharmacy and told them what had happened and they gave me the second half of my prescription. I started taking them just as I needed them but they werent effecting me the way they had before, I've always had pretty bad anxiety but now its completely uncontrollable i'm terrified of everything I do, afraid i'll upset someone feeling claustrophobic at work like I'm in a cage. I had taken that girl I like to a wedding and we had drunkenly decided we'd start officially dating but shes been giving me one word replies ever since and said she had been talking to a mutual friend of ours and im now waiting for her to text me back something along the lines of " I think we should just be friends", and that has happened enough times to me already and I don't know if I can handle that pain again. And i'm laying here waiting to go back to to work for another nightshift in 3 hours with a bunch arrogant pricks that treat you like a human rag, I haven't slept due to the anxiety, still waiting for her to reply and i'm starting to think the depression had just  settled in,  and I can't remember what normal is anymore, i'm just losing my mind and just don't know what to do, I just know I need help or things are just going to get worse.