My (successful) stop smoking story

I quit smoking in Feb 2009, 9 years ago. Here's what happened:

I smoked for 25 years, ages 16 - 41. Got up to 2 packs a day. I was so addicted to cigarettes that I would wake up with a throat feeling like a chimney, and swear I'd never smoke again, having smoked or thrown away my cigs from the day before, only to be digging for butts in the ashtray at 10 a.m. I was smitten.

Also, as an active alcoholic, one day in Feb 09, I realized I had a fatal problem with alcohol. So in desperation one day I prayed for help, and I believe "God" guided me to an AA meeting. That was my first day of not drinking. They taught me about this higher power thing, and to ask for its help in quitting drinking.

I still smoked. I would smoke between meetings. Lots of people in AA smoke. I don't think there's a 12 step program for cigarettes or coffee, two mainstays at AA meetings. At least not that I've ever seen. And they kinda frown on anyone talking about any addictions other than alcohol during a meeting. If you're addicted to drugs, they send you to NA, which is good and pretty big. But cigarettes? That kinda gets an N/A - not applicable.

You get all kinds of people in AA, of course. Most people are unhinged when they first come in, to a greater or lesser extent, usually greater. So after I was there, this fellow that I don't think I ever saw again stood up and said "I want to thank my higher power for delivering me from booze and cigarettes". That, my friends, was an aha moment for me. It works for cigarettes too? I guess it does, I thought. So I asked my newly discovered higher power, 

&gt; Hey, cigarettes are going to kill me just as dead as alcohol, can you deliver me from cigarettes, too?

I didn't ask an old timer. I asked my higher power. I never asked anyone about their opinion about what I did that day, I just did it, I believed it, and I held on to that belief until this day, and I can truthfully say I have never had a craving.

I consider myself an agnostic. Frankly, when it comes to religion, I don't know what to believe. So I don't complicate it. There's this power greater than me, and it had the power to get me off cigarettes and booze. Now going to a bunch of AA meetings in my first year of sobriety really reinforced how I'll likely drink myself to death if I ever casually pick up a beer, and I copied that attitude over to cigarettes as well, so I don't want to understate the contribution that the AA groups made on my freedom.

I'm not telling you what do to. I'm just telling you what happened to me. I hope something like this happens to you. And I believe with all my heart, if you want it to sincerely, it will.