The first 3 weeks of being a nonsmoker

  I’ve smoked for practically all of my life, 38 years.  I started when I was 12.  I’ve tried to quit more times than I can count.  Zyban, NRT, vaping, cold turkey.. I’ve made it a day or two up to a couple weeks, maybe a month once or twice, but it was always a struggle. I just couldn’t imagine myself as a non-smoker.  I read Allen Carr’s book recently.  While it reads like a ShamWOW commercial, it does have some great things in there.  One thing he points out, if I smoke a pack a day and around 5 minutes per cigarette, I am a non smoker already for a little over 22  hours a day.  I just need to be a non smoker for the other two hours.

 

  I had already stopped using NRT in my attempts.  The patch made me break out.  I think I abused gum more than cigarettes themselves, increasing my addiction instead of stopping.  Stopping nicotine completely is tough for a few days, but then it gets far easier.  They say the physical addiction only lasts 3-4 days, then it’s all mental.  That is partially true, but there is still damage that needs to heal.  Not just lungs, but neural pathways too.  This is the foggy feeling,  Before I associated this with just my mental weakness, and is part of why I always gave in.  Knowing that this is like a broken leg, or a cold/flu and is just something I need to let heal so I can feel better has really made it far easier to ignore.

 

  My previous attempts, I would avoid my friends that smoke, I would avoid drinking (especially going out) because I knew I would be weak and smoke.  I was already making excuses to fail, even planning them in advance.  This ties into the “I am trying to quit” mentality.  It’s so much better to go straight to “I have quit, I do not smoke any more”.  Just keep telling yourself this is true.  It will sink in.  I have gone out with smoking friends and drank quite a bit over the holidays, and this time I found it easy to not join them smoking.  Just knowing that all it takes is one to wake up the addiction monster is all it will ever take.  

 

  One interesting thing I found is that nicotine suppresses the effects of caffeine to a certain extent. So my morning cycle would be coffee, then out for a cigarette, then in for coffee, etc…  Trying to quit, I would drink far too much coffee and the over caffeinated feeling I associated with a strong nicotine fit.  I had trained myself for years to react to that feeling with a smoke.  So I cut way, way down on coffee, even skipping it altogether often (caffeine is also an addiction and also has some withdraw)

 

  There is nothing positive about smoking.  It doesn’t help you relax, it calms down the anxiety caused by the addiction craving.  It doesn’t taste good, it calms down the anxiety caused by the addiction craving.  Smoking doesn’t stop you from gaining weight, not eating crap food helps you not gain weight.  You can take a short break without a cigarette throughout the day.  Smoking isn’t something you should miss.  Not smoking is something you should rejoice!

 

  I’ve breezed through these first 3 weeks far easier than I have ever before.  I have no desire to smoke at all.  Some minor triggers, but they are easy to recognize.  Once recognized they are simple to ignore.   I am the poster child for “If I can do this, so can you” so do it, you got this!