I've done some incredibly suspect math to boost my motivation.

Hi r/stopsmoking, I've been lurking for a little while sucking in the good vibes, and finally decided to throw my two cents in. I haven't smoked for 6 weeks today and am feeling healthier than I have for years. It's been easier than I imagined it would be, but I guess my motivation is extremely strong this time. I don't want to smoke ever again - fucking things are expensive, awful, and bad for you. This info is quite the shock to all of us, I know. 
So I've smoked fairly consistently since I was fourteen and a half, and I'm thirty-two now. I've "quit" once or twice before, but I never really took it seriously. I've been using 2015 as the year I change a whole bunch of shit I wasn't happy with in my life - cut back the booze, the trees, the general misery, and am getting out there more. Cigs were one I didn't think about leaving behind though, considering how ingrained they were in my day-to-day. Alcohol and trees I could see were having a tangibly negative effect, and were immediately identifiable things I could change... cigs, though? They're a lot more insidious. "They're just really fucking bad for me", I'd tell myself, "they don't actually change who I am and how I think."
Ah, the clouded judgement of the addict.
Anyway! The crux of the matter is, I've been smoking for over half my life. I'd been feeling kind of negative about that after it became apparent; just another thing about myself I didn't like.
So I was thinking today - with my sparkly new positive attitude - when will the ratio swing the other way? How long will it be before I will have been a NON-smoker for over half my life?
Well, I grabbed a notebook and kind of worked it out. By my reckoning, rounding up to months, and making allowances for the fact that this may well be maths I'm too stupid to work out, that mystical shifting of the ratios will occur in March of 2017.
I've got all the usual evidence of being better off already - feeling healthier, have saved $750AU (I'm fucking astonished, but ciggies are ridiculously expensive in Oz) and seeing a rigorous upswing in my libido. But somehow, knowing that eventually I'll know that I've spent over half - then two-thirds - then three-quarters - etc - as a non-smoker rather than a smoker makes me really happy. 
To us! *clinks glass* We got this! 