I need to do it, but I'm scared.

Although I've posted advice here, well-meaning but hypocritical, I've never posted about my own struggle. Please lend me your support.   

I started when I was 19. Most of my friends had taken up smoking since high school. A girl dumped me, and I justified my curiosity of smoking as a way to treat my breakup. I bought a pack of Black & Milds. I still remember the head rush while driving, thinking I'd fly off the road. I further rationalized by saying I liked how they gave my car the same aroma as my old pipe-smoking grandpa's Toyota. Incidentally he died from liver complications, so not only did I pick up his smoking but his drinking. But that's a family thing and another matter.    

I smoked the cigars while cruising around with friends and one day one friend had a pack of Marlboro Reds. Somehow this seemed like too much but after he smoked a few I joined him. It was like starting smoking again, they were so much harsher than the cigars. And for those first 2 years I said I could quit on my own. But by the end of them I realized I was hooked.    

I've been smoking for 9 years now. 9 and a half maybe. I have set quit goals. 27. 25. 21. But I'm coming up on 29, still smoking. I tried vaping but beside the massive chore that is dealing with fluids and leaking and buying new atomizers I just put it down a month ago. And perhaps more than those, it paralyzed my vocal cords, and singing and doing silly voices are some of my favorite pastimes.    

I notice my skin aging. Of course my teeth are yellowed. My veins are less prominent and some shriveled and dark. My body can't deal with the abuse approaching 30 the way it could entering my 20s. I know this all logically. And I also know logically that quitting, despite withdrawal fears and pangs, is as simple as that, permanent cessation. I've listened to Allan Carr's audiobook on the Easyway three times. But I don't have the courage.    

I suffer from depression and anxiety. So most of the time my mood is one of "fuck it, life sucks anyway." But when the depression is momentarily receded, I can see the clarity of the other side. The happiness. The will to live. The dream of doing great things. Finding a girlfriend without having to apologize for my smoking. Telling my mother, a cancer survivor, that I've kicked it. Looking at my bank account in basking in my saved expenses.    

But when I think of quitting I think of stressing out at work. Of driving my car without a cigarette in hand. Of the supposed good feeling of smoking and how I'll never experience it again. It's like being horny, then masturbating, and sex suddenly becoming the furthest thing from your mind like you never had an urge in the first place. When I've got nicotine immediately in my blood I can say how easy it would be to quit and how I should. But 20 minutes later when the effect goes away I'm hungry for it again and the withdrawal anxiety sets in.    

I just thought maybe if I posted here and got some support and sage words of wisdom, I could really try. It's not the same as seeing other people's posts, who have succeeded. I need people who have struggled through it there, talking to me, telling me it will be okay. Please help me. Just give me something if you have time to comment. Anything. A word of encouragement. An anecdote. A detailed description of how much better you feel. A fretful medical scare story. Please. Just comment and be with me on this. Because I'm scared and I need friends in this effort.    

Thank you. 