Smoking to Vaping Advice For People Struggling To Quit

Hey everyone. I'm new here. But I see a lot of posts about people saying they failed after a few valiant days. A friend recently donated me his vape after it helped him quit and I just wanted to chime in to those who are struggling that it's not a bad move to make. I hadn't bought one for myself because I was spooked by the upfront cost and not knowing much about vaping, but between the free unit and very helpful sales staff at vape stores, I got m bearings quickly.    

I never wanted to become one of those vape evangelist guys but after using it for, I guess a month now, I have to sing its praises. I should mention for the last 9 years I've been a pack a day smoker. After just a couple days I my lungs felt better. I put no effort into going from 20 a day to 4 a day because I had the vape handy and, my blood still loaded with nicotine, the prospect of not smoking a cigarette didn't make me panicky and insecure. After a couple days I had regained much of my sense of smell and I could at that point smell the tobacco on me. So I started consciously trying not to even smoke the handful a day I'd been smoking. And one day I realized it had been 5 days since I HD a cigarette.    

Even though I'm still hitting the odd cigarette every few days, I've already tapered down the nic content in my fluid twice. I started with 1.8, the highest available, then moved to 1.2 easily. Now today I picked up bottles of .6 and although I'm vaping too much, I can feel my lungs and nasal passages getting kinda grungy in a way somewhat comparable to cigarettes, I don't feel hopeless or irritable and I think this notch-down will go well. Next paycheck I'll buy some bottles with an even lower percent and see how that goes.    

I wanted to be Billy Badass and not quit smoking unless I could just quit cold turkey but all that got me was nearly a decade of continued smoking, along with all the stress of feeling like a failure everyday. I'm still hooked on nicotine with this method of quitting but I don't smell bad anymore, I'm not embarrassed to hug and kiss people or be around the kids I work with in my job. My singing voice is recovering in both range and lung capacity. A persistent ache in my left lung has disappeared. My veins, as I taper down the nicotine, feel less tight and fragile. My voice has regained much of its luster. I don't get winded scaling stairwells.    

I just wanted to say to those people trying and failing, that vaping might be a good solution. You don't have to panic about giving up nicotine all at once. You don't have to give up the intake and output of heavy stuff from your lungs, the oral fixation or any of the regular smoker's habits all at once. But you will feel better almost immediately. At least that has been my experience. Don't let the upfront cost scare you away. You can get a solid vape situation going for like $100, which if you smoke a pack a day like me would be half your month's cigarette budget. But instead of throwing that money at more unhealthy cigarettes that burn up and do nothing for you, you invest in a nicotine solution that will actually wind up saving you money. It takes me just over a week to go through a $12 bottle of fluid. That $12 would barely buy me 2 days' worth of cigarettes and this way I don't feel or smell or look so bad.    

Just my 2 cents. 