It's time for my cigarette but instead I'm posting this.

36 years old and I've been smoking for more than 20 years. My smoking habit has changed over the years (brands, making myself be an outside only smoker, limiting myself to no more than 1 per hour) but the one thing that hasn't changed is that it's a habit.

Actually, I take that back. One other thing has changed. I don't want to do it anymore. I smoked my most recent cigarette an hour and 40 minutes ago which means I'm now 40 minutes past due in feeding the beast inside me. In the hour+ since that last cigarette I've been reading this sub. The veterans' stories, the advice, the support, and the camaraderie are all things I have taken some comfort in and from.

I have been thinking about wanting to do this off and on lately and this afternoon every time I stepped out for a smoke I felt guilt and shame for having another one. Now I'm out of them and I don't want to go out for more. I searched reddit for 'quit smoking' and this place was the first thing that came up. In my trials ahead I hope I can take some refuge here. I recognize that I and my experiences are not unique but if nothing else I hope I can at least add to this community another number.

Edit: Thank you all! Made it through the night and I'm up for the day but still going strong.

Edit 2: It's getting rough. No morning smoke and no after breakfast smoke. Now I constantly feel like I need to be going somewhere. But I don't want to actually go anywhere because the temptation to grab a pack while I'm out will be so much greater. 

Edit 3: I'm closing in on 20 hours without a smoke. I managed to go out and get lunch without talking myself into stopping off to grab some smokes while I was out, so that's good.

Edit 4: I've now rolled over 24 hours. I did not smoke a cigarette from 6/6/15 8:15pm central through 6/7/15 8:15pm central. Phew! Thank you guys!

Edit 5: So after only about 3 hours of sleeping I'm up and unable to fall back to sleep. It may or may not be related to quitting, I dunno. After being up for a couple hours now and seeing dawn break I am definitely craving pretty bad. Not having any cigarettes in the house has been 10000000% KEY. If I had some I'm pretty sure I'd be smoking right now instead of writing this. So as long as I can continue to not slip and buy some whenever I'm out hopefully I can keep thumbing my nose at the cravings when they happen.

Edit 6: I'm just a couple hours away from 4 days free. Over the last couple days I've had a few moments where I've actively recognized that I wasn't craving a cigarette when I normally would have and those moments are freaking awesome. Hell, I went to the movies and the movie started 30 minutes late and I never once craved. That blew my mind. Other times, like right now, though, suck because I'm craving. I still don't want to go back, though. Also I'm still having sleep problems. I'm guessing that's just because I've removed a stimulant that my brain has received for decades and so there's some serious chemical imbalance going on up there.

Edit 7: 6 days under my belt so far but I just had a really strong craving. I don't even have any yet I literally just found myself looking at the back door and asking myself what would be so bad if I just went out and had one. That's how you know it's an addiction: it's completely irrational. I realize I only come to post here for bad things so I'll end on this note: tomorrow night will officially mark 1 week which is a fun milestone :)

Edit 8: 11 days without. I'm having at least one pretty strong craving every day. I got real close to talking myself into stopping off and buying a pack tonight. The reasoning I tried to get me with was basically 'You think more about smoking now that you don't than you ever did when you were. Get some peace and quiet in your brain and have a smoke.'