Almost 72 hours, was easier than expected.

Hello everybody!

I've been a daily smoker since I was 15 or 16 years old, I'm soon to be 24 now which means I've been smoking for more than 8 years and all of my adult life... this is crazy.

Now I would like to share my story with you because this sub helped me a lot to take my decision in the past few months and stick to it.

So background : Raised by mother and grandfather who were both chain smoker, my mother smoked while she was pregnant (we'll talk about this later) and grandpa was a huge chainsmoker.
Even around me, he would smoke almost 80 nofilter cigarettes a day for more than sixty years, until he had a stroke a few years ago which left him paralyzed on his left side, so he had to give up the habit and gladly, he did.

Now you would think that with such a bad background, I would not pick up a cigarette in my entire life knowing the devastating effects it had on my family, all wrong. I think what happened is that during my teenage years, I began to smoke weed mixed with tobacco and that's probably when the nicotine addiction got me hooked.

So now it was up to me alone to break the bad circle, I managed to "stop" for like a month when I was a bit younger and I remember being really proud of myself and feeling really great, but that didn't last long enough.

So now back to a few months ago when I discover this wonderful sub after finding about /r/leaves (the same but for cannabis addiction, which I had since 8 years too). Finding this sub was a huge relief in my life, finally I wasn't alone and I had a lot of interesting people to talk to about this subject.

I began my journey by collecting as much ressources on the addiction as I could, studies on all the physical and psychological effect tobacco (and cannabis) had on our health and soon I began to try to get rid of the addiction.

The first time I took a serious step was at the beginning of november, which is the "tobacco free month" in France. I somehow thought it would be te perfect time for me to give it up and I was all wrong. I think one of the biggest mistake every smoker trying to quit make is that they wait for the "perfect time", which is never gonna come sadly...

So for all of November I reset my badge daily, every night after finishing my pack and my weed I'm telling myself "this time is the one" and every morning I'm back to smoking for whatever reason.

I found that sleeping was my worst enemy, every morning when my nicotine level were depleted and my motivation/state of mind/momentum wasn't here anymore, I went back to smoking, feeling ashamed about myself and really scared that I wouldn't be able to quit...

Now back to a few days ago when I (re)discover the website http://whyquit.com/ ! This website and his author Joel are really the best thing that happened in my life, thanks to him (and this sub) I finally managed to kick the habit.

For everyone out there still lurking and not 100% sure if they should drop the habit, I really recommend you this ebook (and it's free... wow) http://whyquit.com/joel/#book

For the first few days, I spent all the day in my room reading the ebook while I committed to stop and it worked. Everything in the book is so well described that it was impossible for me to go back to smoking, despite how hard I physically wanted.

I had a previous experience with the alan carr method which isn't bad, but for me is nothing close compared to the previous ebook. The problem with this method is that first, as cheap as the book is, you have to pay this man claiming things a bit like a fortune teller "after reading this book, you won't smoke anymore". Well that didn't work for me at all.
Second problem with the book for me is that the author almost asks you to keep on smoking while reading it, and there is this promise of the "last cigarette" that you're willing so much to smoke. For me that was really stupid, I did everything explained in the book, lighted this "last cigarette" and went back to smoking a few hours later.

So now it's time for the advices. I know I'm only 72 hours in which is nothing compared to 10+ years non-smoker but as bold as it sounds, I know I'll never go back to smoking.

First step is to throw everything away! Doesn't matter how bad you want those last cigarettes from your pack, just don't smoke them and throw them away, you'll make yourself a huge favor for the future.

Second step is to commit to it, whatever it takes. You can't be half sure of what you want. Either you are a smoker, or you're not, there is no inbetween, no "but what if..." no. Once you make your decision you have to stick to it.

Third step is to seek advice, you already have this sub (best place on earth), try to find the book or ebook of your choice, so that when the cravings kick in, you can go back to reading your book while the craving goes away (usually faster than you would imagine).

And I would say the forth step is to never take anything for granted, they are people probably more brave or clever than the majority of us that went back to smoking daily because they thought they were stronger than the addiction...

Like Joel says in his ebook, your goal is only to "never take another puff". It couldn't be more true.

So now what about those cravings everyone is talking about. I know a lot about them because for almost my entire smoker's life, I tried to kick this habit. Little did I know that It would have been impossible, just because I wasn't in the right "mindset".
I alternated between times where I would smoke 4/5 cigarettes a day, being stressed all day long and times where I would chain smoke like 2 packs a day because I was so mad of my failed attempt.

Now everything changed when I heard the best advice ever, "take it one day at a time". Now instead of being all the time in the danger zone "I can't even trust myself to give up for a week, how am I gonna drop it for the rest of my life". I just went in a calm state of mind saying "Well if I don't smoke today, chances are I won't do it tomorrow and I'm also making myself a huge favor". It's 100% win with this mindset.

So for me cravings were really lights I must confess, for the first 2 days I was just exhausted, spent my days in my bed reading the ebook and feeling for the first time really relieved, and the best is that it is a feeling that will never pass. Since I dropped I feel so grateful to be alive and not addicted.

My first and only huge craving was this morning, I ended up remembering that my mother smoked while pregnant (which ultimately ended up with me being born with health problems I must face everyday...) and I went batshit crazy, for more than 30 minutes the only thing I was thinking about was smoking a cigarette to calm down because I was about to destroy everything in my apartment. For like 1 hour or so everything I had "hidden" inside me came back to surface. I know a lot about those craving waves but this time and for the first time it was more like a tsunami : small, really strong and constant. I ended up with a huge pain in my stomach but hey, I didn't give up and in the end it's all that really matters.

So yeah, doesn't matter how easy or hard it is in the beginning, just be prepared for a really huge craving wave between the second and third day, odds are it's gonna be the only one you'll really have to face. Now you can either submit to it and go back to where you started (and that also means facing other huge waves in the future) or you can hold on and stay strong. The only thing I can promise you is that there will be a better tomorrow without the addiction.

Good thing about those terrible craving is that once you manage to hold it still, you know every situations you're gonna face in the future is gonna be really easy to deal with. Now I can get around smokers without thinking a single second about smoking, I just feel really sad for them often being older than me and wasting the most beautiful gift life gave them, their health.

Ok now I realise this post is becoming huge, sorry everybody. I'm also sorry for all the mistakes in my post, english isn't my main langage.

Now my next step is to stand strong and help my mother to get rid of this filthy habit before it's too late for her. Also it feels really good to be looked upon by smokers who want to quit and be able to give them advices and who knows maybe one day be the example that helped them get rid of the addiction.

Oh yeah and you wanna know one of the best "fallout", now I can do whatever I want, whenever I want it. I don't have to get this ritual of lightning up before doing any task and I'm so much more productive.

PS : Also there is maybe other people here who are still addicted to smoking pot, all I can tell you is that I'm 10 times more creative and focused now that I gave it up. Same goes for music and movies that are much more enjoyable now. I couldn't have believe it in the first place but for me at least it's 100% true. And it feels so good to be able to live and produce in your purest mind form.

Thank you all for reading this post. I hope we all can stay strong, hand in hand in the greatest quest of our lifes!