Weird changes after a month of not smoking

I week before I started my month long streak I was already attempting to quit. Off the bat I'd really like to thank everybody on this sub. I haven't posted here before but reading all of your posts have been very inspirational during times of temptation and desperation.  I'm only 19, and I've only been smoking regularly for three years. So I'm sure my struggle to quit has been significantly less difficult than those of you 10 plus year smokers. But I'd really like to discuss how from quitting just a pack a day like myself really improved my life style.  I'm using lozenges as a replacement but over time I've used them quit sparingly as the withdrawals began to tame and become more manageable. 
For the first two weeks, I was an emotional wreck. I felt this traumatic loneliness inside of me akin to a romantic break up.  What helped me the best was mostly identifying the withdrawals themselves, making it much less difficult to resist the temptation of a cigarette.  After feeling very sick and developing mouth ulcers for a week, I realized that the rough part was over.  Knowing that I have no desire to begin my adult life as a smoker, there is no going back in my mind.  I used to look quite frail because smoking suppressed my appetite, but now I've began to finally eat and sleep regularly. I no longer have bags under my eyes.  My anxiety and depression is manageable for the first time in since junior year of high school. My excessive acne on my cheeks have began to go away.  I can finally exercise and enjoy a nice bike ride without being out of breath.  Psychologically, this guilt I have about myself has begun to vanish. I finally feel confident in myself. I finally feel proud of myself. My parents are proud of me. The main thing that gets me going is knowing how happy this is making my mom. Her younger sister died of a rare form of oral cancer right before I was born which was largely attributed to her smoking. It's weird to think that she was just a two years older than I am now when she passed. I know that when she saw me smoking that it broke her heart.  I finally feel like I have the ability to stay sober, stop abusing pills, and pursue my passion of psychology. 

One thing that sort of puzzles me however is my severe increase of libido. I know that cigarette smoking is linked to sexual dysfunction. But I've noticed my "member" is actually looking notably larger than usual. And a few girls have took notice as well. I suppose it might just be growth and maturity but the association just seems uncanny.  I still it cravings, but they aren't nearly as bad as they used to.  I still can feel very on edge at points. Lots of tremors. Not nearly as patient and calm as I used to be, but overtime things are settling down. I just want to thank you all.  If quitting after only three years allows me to enjoy life this better, I can't imagine the benefits of quitting after 10 years or so.  Good luck fellas!