I severely underestimated how difficult stopping would be

I'm not a long time smoker, as many people here are. I'm not even a _heavy_ smoker. I smoke on average about 10 a day - Sometimes more, sometimes less.  

I started at the end of last year, so I've only been a smoker for 8 or 9 months now. It was great at first. Unlike apparently so many others, I actually had a fondness for those little things starting with my first. So I socialised more with smokers than I had before, would get my freebies every now and then and some day just bought my first pack.

At first I was very cautious of getting hooked. I frequently went a couple days without them just to prove to myself that I wasn't in danger of addiction, that I was only smoking when I felt like it, that it was my choice to enjoy a cigarette (seasoned ex - smokers and those who fight to break free will know that these are just lies we make up to feel better.)

Eventually, I stopped taking these breaks. "Obviously" I was fine, and I enjoyed the occasional cigarette. The occasional cigarette got more and more a part of my life. These days, I mindlessly light one up on my way to the bus, when waiting for the tram, during breaks from work and on my way home. I don't even think about it anymore.

At first it was all about the social aspect. Due to a troubled past I developed social anxiety, and cigarettes suddenly were that crutch that allowed me to bond with people - Other people who smoked. But it hasn't been the only reason for a while now.

A few minutes ago, something that prompted me to look up this subreddit and write this post, I had a very weird feeling. I grew up with heavy smokers (not my direct family, but uncles, aunts, grandparents and so on), I saw these people smoke every day, and when I was a child I used to think it was disgusting. I couldn't understand why anyone would do it. As a child I compared smoking a cigarette to licking the streets (because of the tar.)  
And here I was, sucking on a cigarette. I'd never been so hyper aware of what I was doing there - Maybe it's because right now I'm a little sleep deprived. Regardless, I felt like someone hit me with a hammer on the head.

So what did I do, after extinguishing that cigarette? Light up another one.

I never thought I would fall into this smoking trap. I hadn't realized how it slowly crept in and took over. For some reason though, I'm again feeling nonchalant about it. I'll probably be lighting up another as soon as I finish this post. But a part of me hates myself for doing so.

I suppose I'll start reading that easyway book I've seen people mention numerous times. I don't really know if I trust the premise though. It sounds a little too good to be true, and things advertised as easy tend to turn out not to be. I'll see. I'll keep an open mind.

Anyway, I think I've been rambling for long enough now. Thanks for reading, if anyone has.