Tomorrow morning is the day/ aids advice

This is a long post anyone who has used NRT aids at all id appreciate your advice. All the info I find is from the companies that make them and it seems like they want you to use them as long as possible and theyre quite expensive.

Been just under a pack a day going on 10 years with no real attempts to quit. I have switched to some fancy ‘additive free’ roll your own smoke for the last month it attempt to ween myself off. 

Doing the math I was smoking 15 a day with each cigarette being .8g of tobacco. The roll your own pouches are 50g of tobacco and one lasts we two weeks roughly. For the cigarettes it was 15 a day x 14 days = 210 smokes in 2 weeks. 210 x . 8 = 168g of tobacco in two weeks / 14 is 12g of tobacco a day.

For roll your own its 50g / 14 days = 3.5g of tobacco a day. So I am smoking a third of the tobacco I was presently and havent noticed any major negative feelings. I have read you get 1mg of nicotine per cigarette meaning I was getting 15mg a day previously and 4mg a day this last month roughly.

Based on this I bought my NRT aids. I see they are in 3 steps 21mg 14mg and 7mg over 24hr. Smokers over 10 a day do 21mg and under 10 do 14mg. Tapering down to 7mg eventually. So with this in mind I only bought step 3 which is 7mg over 24hr as ive only been smoking the equivalent of 3-4 smokes a day. 

Ideally id cold turkey but its just not something I can deal with now. However I do not want to be on any prolonged NRT. So I bought a pack of 7mg patches and 2mg gums. Based on how much I smoke would this regiment at least provide some comfort or taper of my nicotine withdrawal? Am I being too optimistic? I feel going on the 14mg over 24hr patch would be increasing my nicotine intake which defeats the point.

 Basically my plan is 1 week of 7mg patches then chew a couple pieces  of 2mg gum a day for 4mg nic a day then down to one piece 2mg a day then no gum. I have experience with addiction and im treating this one with the same quick taper mindset.

So basically im wondering if I am totally naive and uninformed as to how NRT works and my plan. I know its going to take more than just NRT and getting off nicotine to quit for good but I just need help with the nicotine withdrawal aspect.

Either way tomorrow morning I will be putting that first 7mg patch on and hoping I can kick this nasty wasteful habit and get closer to a more healthy life!