"You stopped smoking?? Well now your HOT!!"

I'm having a conversation last night with someone from one of my support group.  It's been about a bit over two months since I stopped smoking so it's starting to become old news.. but I also don't *see* this person so much but we chat online a bit and have phone calls.  Anyways.. I met her about 4-6 months ago when I was chain smoking like a fish drinks water

She proceeded to go on about how when she first met me she thought I was, I dunno, cute, pretty, attractive, but that she "could never date someone who was a smoker" and I was on the other line nodding like \*uh huh, I totally get it\* - I mean, lets face it, its pretty repulsive.  When I was a smoker I could be with a smoker but now that I've got a clean(er) lungs and no horrible breath..

Anyway, she just starts going on and on in this vein.. how I'm attractive and, well, et cetera (and she's *never* made comments like this.. maybe one one of our first meetings there was hints.. okay.. there was some vibe-throwing-out there, but it was pretyt minor).  And anyways, before I know it I'm getting definite vibes, she's talking about sex and revealing sexual encounters she's had and what turns her on and me, well, I'm lying in bed chatting and without her knowing it I was lighting touching myself... I mean, I wasn't, y'know, masturbating.. but she was goddamn turning me on!

THIS WAS UNEXPECTED!  I mean, I don't know if it's going to go anywhere, I'm not sure if I'm ready, or interested, y'know.. but WOW.  There was a door closed that I didn't even know could be opened.. or maybe it wasopen a tiny little bit but the revelation that I'd stop smoking blew that door wide open

How's that for motivation???  This girl likes to feel wanted but holy shit, that was a full on invitation.. DAMN!!

Oh and I worked out this morning and wasn't panting like a dog

The first hour is easy. then the first few hours are hard.  And the first few after that are the absolute worst.. except for the few hours after that.  The second and third day are OMG terrible.. And that first week is goddamn brutal - hour by hour sometimes minute by minute.  And the second week isn't quite as bad but then the addiction gets sneaky.  The third week is all sorts of stupid brain tricks.  The fourth week you think you've got it licked but it's stil waiting around the corner.. but it's nothing compared with that first week, those first few days.

I'm two months in.. and I've been here before.  I know cigarettes are waiting to pounce.  Sometimes I have the odd urge.. but it gets easier.  way easier.

I did this.  You can do this.  Stay strong.  I will not puff with you today!  You can do this.