It's been 21 hours

I've quit before.  Had long periods of not-smoking (years in some cases).  Then for some stupid reason end up exactly where I am now.  Having tried multiple times to quit and failed, wondering why and wishing those prior attempts had stuck.

I set my phone's stopwatch last night a little bit after I ran out of smokes.  It's 20h45m27s when I glanced over but I know I didn't think to set the stopwatch until about 30-60min after, so whatever.. let's call it 21 hours.

I've done this before.  I know that the first day is the hardest, then if I can make it 2-3 days it's all good, then if I can just make it to a week.  Then 2.  Then a month.  Then I'll be okay.

I never had reddit before.  So that's new.  Reddit has helped me with a lot of stuff (hey /r/stopdrinking).  I started cutting out caffine last week (hey /r/decaf) and a big motivator for that was thinking it might help me stop smoking (hey... oh, that's where I am).  As long as I'm at it I lurked /r/leaves for a bit, but unsubscribed and ended up just not getting any more a few weeks back and that's been good.

If I can kick smoking, then I'm out of crutches.  alcohol and weed have been crutches for me..  Like, I'd smoke some weed and not worry about it... but it's \_so\_ tied together with my cigarette habit.  Smoking weed has always led to smoking cigarettes at some point.  I think it's the desire for more smoke, only cigarettes don't give the same kind of effect, and it's way harder for me to stop cigarettes than weed.  This always happens long after the weed is gone I'm stuck with cigarettes.  But both alcohol and weed have large scale mind-altering affects, and I'm feeling pretty good that the only vice I've left is cigarettes.  If I can kick this, then I feel like I'm going to have a stable mind for the first time in... I dunno... since childhood?  There's always been \_something\_

What's really motivating me to get of cigarettes is to just get of the tredmill.  It's been an hour, go smoke.  has it been an hour yet? go smoke anyway.  It's been 2 hours?! holy shit smoke.  Not sure what to do: go have a smoke. Way behind and in a rush and don't have time to even blink? take a nice smoke break.  Frustrated at work? go smoke. Divorce stressing you out? smoke. don't feel like smoking? too bad it's been 1.234 hours your body demands it.  FUCK THAT!!  I don't want to have to push the smoke button anymore.  I want to be at mental peace for long stretches.

Today's been a mixture of everything.. spicy icy gum, mints, quick 1-3 min meditation sessions at my desk, surfing reddit.  trying to lose myself in work, talking to a friend, now writing on reddit.  I'm about to leave work and this is the easiest time to go get smokes.  So I'm arming myself up against that.  I just wrote all this.  Now I'm going to read it all.  And I'm going to my therapist right away and I dont' have time to go buy smokes anyway.  i might go buy candy and bus tickets though - ack, I'd better get running.

But I'm not smoking today.  I said it to reddit and now I can't take it back.  Thank you all.  I can do this.  You can do this.  Take a breath and calm yourself.  You can do this.