Screw the "gay male" stigma - I freakin quit boys ! - If your IN LOVE with the habit and idea of smoking more than addicted to it - my advice may help you !

Its amazing. I feel absolutely wonderful.

This is probably my 3rd or 4th time quitting and I have to say - it feels different. I feel amazing. Its so much easier this time.

I am 29 years old and I have been a pack a day smoker since I was 22. I loved smoking - loved it. I was in love with the habit, the ritual, the way I held a cig, the way the smoke blew up through the air. Walking down the street with a lit smoke, tipping the ashes on the ground. I loved it. I was in love with the habit. But it KILLS YOU... right ?

I promised myself I would quit by 30. Then I said - why wait ? Why not be 1 year quit by the time I am 30 ?! That is a WAY better gift to myself !

Here is my advice to those IN LOVE with the habit of smoking:

1. PREPARE ! 

Read - get a freakin gameplan together ! Everytime I quit smoking before I just said "I am quitting !" and then threw my crap away that day. Didn't last long. This time was different. I made a plan, set a date and had my head around how I was going to execute that plan. I am not going to tell you how to do those things because there are plenty of other resources out there for that. Be that savy guy/gal you are - download a quitting app, call a quit line, etc etc. JUST TAKE ADVANTAGE OF THEM!

2. Take time to say goodbye.

Set a quit day way way way in advance. I had time to mentally prepare and tell myself every couple of days that I was quitting in a couple months/weeks/days. I took the time to acknowledge when I was smoking and actually say to myself - your not going to be doing this anymore. I would light a cig and stare at it, telling myself - "This is going to end soon." I did a couple of "last time with smoking" things. 

For example: 
last night out at the club - with smoking
last time after sex - with smoking
last time after eating - with smoking
last winter - with smoking
last time i would drive - with smoking

Its good to say goodbye if you will miss something. This may not work for everyone but it helped me a lot. 

3. KNOW YOUR TRIGGERS AND ABSOLUTELY AVOID THEM

When I drink I smoke. So to quit smoking I had to quit drinking for now. 
It is that simple. This is a life change and you have to change your life to do it. 



I hope this helps someone. I know you may be thinking I am only a week quit. But check on me in a year or two. I GUARANTEE YOU I will be 100% smoke free. Not a single cigarette. 

Because I feel different this time. I said goodbye. 
