Why I decided to Quit

Up until a few days ago, I had been an on and off smoker for 5+ years. More recently I became more of a 'full-time' smoker and started going through a pack + per day. I knew it was time to quit, but I could find neither the will or the courage to last longer than a few hours without a smoke. I decided that I needed to find a new approach.

I'm an analyst by nature. That also happens to be my day job, so I decided to take on an analytical approach to my problem with addiction (and it is a drug addiction, nothing more, nothing less). I started off by doing a cost benefit analysis. Now, it's obvious to almost everyone that the cost of smoking vastly outweighs any possible benefit, but I thought that jotting it down would help. 

It was quite easy to list the cost: Money, Health, Appetite, Taste buds, smell of my car & clothes, inconvenience, having to stand out in the cold,  bad temper as a result of withdrawal and so on and so forth.

When it came time to list any benefits associated with smoking, it hit me right away. There aren't any. Most people know and understand this, but it's quit profound when you think about it.  Smoking is likely one of the most useless activities we as humans engage in. There is no there , there. Other drugs can be just as bad for you, but for some people they have some sort of benefit besides feeding an addiction. Alcohol gets you nice and drunk, Weed will get you high...smoking does absolutely nothing for you. You're simply feeding a drug addiction and poisoning yourself in the process. 

The only possible benefit I could think of is stress relief, but even that's quite silly if you take the time to think about. 1) I'm not so sure there is any scientific evidence to suggest that smoking relieves stress...from my experience, it's the withdrawal that causes you to stress in the first place which in turn tricks your mind into believing that smoking relieves stress. 2) Even if smoking did relieve stress, am I so weak as a human that the only way I know how to deal with my stress is to inhale poison into my lungs? 

The notion, and the very idea of smoking started to feel silly to me. It just didn't add up. It truly is a useless activity that has absolutely no benefit and causes an immense amount of harm. This is obvious to most people, but very few take the time to really think about what they're doing and why they're doing it. 

Needless to say, I've now gone nearly a week without smoking. My cravings do nothing but remind me of how silly it would be to go over to a gas station and buy a pack. Some of the stronger cravings have actually made me laugh out loud. Never again will I engage in such a useless act of self-harm. 

Cheers