Holy moly, I went cold turkey during an illness, tried to continue not smoking & relapsed 5 mins ago but I am ready to quit.

Hello Everybody,

So let's get the smoking history going for starters:

What I smoke: Vuse Menthol Vaporizer Pens (Shitty gas station e-cigs)

How long I've smoked: 5 years

Annnd backstory to my catchy title:

1. I have a heart problem (ToF) so I KNOW I shouldn't be smoking, but like everybody here, unfortunately that famous "just try it once" did not end that way.
2. I've had bronchitis for the past week, week 1/2, so I just didn't want to smoke while I was sick, so I didn't. 
3. Well, two days ago, I woke up, holy christ the allergies were awful, but I woke up with immediate heart palpatations, which to me, I guess I kept telling people I was having tachycardia. 
4. I went to the urgent care, and since I have a heart problem, they whisked me away to the E.R. just in case.
5. Well, I had 4 EKG's done, bloodwork, etc. And everything came back normal. 
6. Yesterday & this morning I woke up with the same thing. It wasn't as bad (but then I was vaping bud and the palpatations came on big, so if anybody has any extra comments on that please feel free to share, just, not a D.A.R.E. speech, please).
7. So then today, I'm just emotionally drained. I cried the entire way driving home, seeing all these people at the apartments, and they were all like, *sees me, no hello's, only uncertainties*. I'm an extremely cheery person, so all the people just kinda were like *head-down* because you know, god forbid somebody ask somebody what's wrong when they're crying. 
8. Proceeded to have mental breakdown & almost seriously went to the psychiactric hospital because my emotions were like a goddamn roller coaster. I'm not kidding you. 
9. Boyfriend realizes that I've quit cold turkey, and realizes I'm in withdrawal, and I'm literally having suicidal thoughts, so he was like, "Okay, I see what has happened. I was out of the loop, this isn't going to happen this way, you cannot handle it." 
10. And so he found my discarded cartridges, and told me to take a puff or w/e, vape it, idk, is there any cool way to say, "vape" lol, idk, but anyway. 

So now, we are here. Not even ten minutes later after vaping, and I literally feel 100% better. I realized today that I cannot quit cold turkey, because I literally mentally cannot handle the stress of it, especially given my quality & state of life. 

I know we're all here probably not going to judge each other, thank god, because hell, I mean, okay, I've been addicted to opiates & benzos, and literally, this is harder than quitting that. Jesus fucking christ on a cross. 

So basically, I need a plan to quit smoking, because jesus christ, I can't do cold turkey this time, and I think it's *only* because of the heart palpitations because I have panic disorder, so when my heart starts to palpitate, I have panic attacks. 

I actually had to quit smoking pot because, as we all know, there is not a lot of information about, but, because I have ToF, the smoked THC fucks with the heart a lot harder than vaped or eaten THC, and since it's not legal everywhere, the actual potency  
of the THC made me go into death mode (as I'm sure we've all either known somebody who thought they were dying, or have read a story about it, but then they were fine). So, I just don't smoke pot altogether anymore. 

But that's besides the point, I guess my original point in bringing that in was that I would have panic attacks, and the nicotine causing heart palpatations with withdrawal was causing me panic attacks. 

Dude, we need a better way to get people to understand not to ever start smoking, like, wtf. D.A.R.E. didn't do shit, like, I don't recall ever listening to real people who lived through the topic that was discussed, but I know for a fact, that if they had done that, it would've helped a lot more. 

Anyway, so yeah, I have a high WPM and some mental illness (Panic Disorder & Bipolar II, but I swear they got it wrong and I just have Panic Disorder & ADD), so I might go off topic and stuff. 

But I just... god I need a subreddit to come to to stop smoking. 

I honestly don't care about the badge system, I know they exist, and I'll participate, I just want to stop smoking, and I don't know how, because I don't think that smoking 48mg (which I think is what the Vuse is), is possible LOL. How. Do I do this. 

Do I go out and actually get a chamber pen that I can have the liquid formatted to taper off of? 

I just don't know. I'm completely ignorant, and I feel like I have no compass. I can't ask my boyfriend because he's an active smoker, which I will tell you right now, it was easier to quit actual cigarettes than a vape pen when you only smoked actual cigarettes for a period of 6 months & switched to vaping during a nicotine fit. 

Now that it's pure nicotine, I can't like, limit the number of cigarettes I smoke. 

God I'm just pissed I ever started. And I do apologize, I really was having a major freak-out episode when I first started writing this, which is now about 25 minutes ago, so please forgive me if this is odd. I'm in a place of "trying to get better". Also, jesus I have heartburn rn, and I typically don't get heartburn.

Anyway, thanks for listening, I'm open to all suggestions, I want to stop smoking/vaping, and if this isn't the right place, please let me know & I'll direct it elsewhere. Thanks for your time.