I'm scared. I have a plan. I'm still scared.

Call this one a personal pledge made public. Or maybe a bit of mental list making. Or maybe even a cry for help and reassurance. I don't even know what it is, but I feel compelled to write it.

I've been a more or less pack a day smoker for more than 10 years now. I've been smoking long enough that I'm not really sure that I remember what it was like to *be* a nonsmoker. And that kind of scares me.

I'm depressed. I've been suffering from depression for 20 years now. I recently made a list of all the things I hate about myself, the things that make me more depressed. The list wasn't really that short. And there are a lot of things on it that I can't change, at least, not right now.

The few things on that list that I can change include the fact that I'm still smoking even though I know it's a stupid thing to do, and the fact that I don't like being overweight anymore. These are things I can change. I don't expect my depression to magically disappear once these problems are gone, but it'll give me less to be depressed about.

I've tried all the things. I've tried patches, gums, lozenges, and pills. None of them worked, and some of them had dangerous side effects for me. I've been at my wit's end thinking I couldn't do it because I have no willpower to do it alone.

I've lost 10 pounds in the last 6 weeks. It takes willpower to do that. It's like any other muscle, it needs a workout if it's going to get stronger. And I know that I have it now. I've proven it. I've improved it as well.

I downloaded the Alan Carr Easy way to quit smoking book. It came highly recommended by a member of r/loseit. I've read about half of it, and will probably read it again this weekend. I talked to my doctor. I told him I was scared that I'd lose my temper and do something foolish. The kind of foolish that might include cops. He agreed to prescribe me an anti-anxiety pill.

I'm going to read this book as many times as I feel I need to this weekend. I may quit tonight, I may not, and either are valid choices. Either way, I take my first Ativan Sunday night before bed, and Sunday will be my last cigarette. 

I have a plan, I have IRL support. But I'm scared. I cried the first time I admitted that to someone. Saying it out loud was a horrible moment. I don't know what comes after. I don't know what the withdrawal will be like. I'm scared of failing. 

In the end, I'm a drug addict who is scared to quit, and I pity myself for that feeling.

So, expect to be seeing me again. And again. IRL support is nice, but reddit never sleeps. You guys are my addicts anonymous group. I hope that I've found a place where I can come and talk about shit and find support, and support others at the same time because we're going through the same thing.

My goal is to walk into my employee physical in October and make them update my records, and my insurance category, to reflect that I'm no longer overweight, and no longer a smoker.

I want to be a better person for myself, because I deserve it.