Today is the day...

Starting today, I'm going to quit smoking tobacco. It's been about 4 years now (I can't believe I'm saying that). It started off as a sophomore in college when I started hanging out with one of my friends who was always smoking spliffs (weed and tobacco in a joint). At first it started with maybe a 90-10 ratio of weed to tobacco. I loved the head rush I got, and I decided when I smoked joints on my own, I'd do throw some tobacco in with the thought that it would save me weed and gave me a nice headrush.

Soon after that, I started mixing tobacco with my weed when I smoked out of bongs or pipes (it's just as disgusting as it sounds). My 90-10 weed to tobacco ratio was no longer 90-10, but more like 50-50 (truthfully nowadays it may be closer 40-60).

I smoke every 3 hours (at the latest), I don't have a job, and I'm running out of money. I feel tired (I regularly sleep in past noon every single day) and as much as I put of a facade of leading a productive life, I'm not.

But I have an opportunity to change that. I was accepted into a coding bootcamp and it starts it's 9 week prep phase next week. Following those 9 weeks of 15-25 hours/week, it picks up for 12 weeks of much more intense work estimated at 80-90 hours/week. I love to program in the limited work I've done so far, but I know I won't make it through the program if I don't do something about my addiction.

So this is it. I'm a 23 year old slacker/loser/degenerate/leech who wants to change for the better. I dropped smoking all together about 2 years ago when I got in trouble for possession of marijuana and had a drug test. When I stopped smoking, pot, I smoked tobacco for a few days following but eventually was able to drop tobacco all together, but as soon as I passed my urine test, I picked up smoking spliffs again.

One of the things that really helped me out during that time was working out, and I've actually continued working out (just about every day) and it's one of the things I actually feel productive doing in my life. My big concern is that I almost always smoke a spliff to and from the gym every time I go. I've tried to stop doing this the last couple of weeks, but I'm still worried working out might be a trigger for wanting to smoke, despite it being something that helped curb cravings in the past.

Anyway, I'm not expecting many to read this, but damn it feels good to write it down. I don't think anyone I am close to knows how much I smoke. I've stopped hanging out with friends as much so that I can smoke in my garage by myself and watch shitty TV shows. I sometimes avoid hanging out with friends because it would mean I would have to pick them up and they'd smell the disgusting odor that has probably seeped into my car's upholstery. 

There are so many reasons I know I need to stop (financially, socially, professionally) and I've put this off for way too long, so today is the day. I'm holding myself accountable. Today is the day I no longer give myself the option to smoke. 

For whoever made it this far, thank you and wish me luck, I think I'll need it.