I love not smoking!

TL;DR: Life is good without the smokes, even/**especially** if you've got depression.

It's been well over a year now, the longest I've not smoked since I was 14 goddamn years old.  I can sit indoors in a a cafe chatting with a friend for hours and not need to abandon them for a smoke break.  I can ride my bike without having to stop to cough up the phlegm building in my lungs.  My blood no longer feels tacky and gummed up and I don't have that constant tiredness caused by carbon monoxide intake.  The circulation has returned to my hands and feet so they're not always FREEZING.  AND I DON'T SMELL TERRIBLE ANYMORE!! 

Quitting for me was a years long journey.  The biggest obstacle was my depression.  I read that people with depression have a very low success rate with quitting, and now I totally see why.  I would stop for a few days, feel really terrible, and decide now wasn't the time to quit. I'd have to wait until the depression passed, then try again.

I had to change the narrative.  I wasn't experiencing depressive episodes coincidentally.  There *wasn't going to be* a time when I could quit without the depression, because the quitting brought it on whole hog.  I needed to push through it if I really wanted to stop.  It took me a while to realize I really, really did.

My best friend, who knew me as a kind and loving person, was absolutely shocked when I told her "I hate everyone and everything" about two weeks into the process. I meant it, too.  At three weeks, I was the biggest downer at a one-year-old's birthday party.  My lowest point was about a month in, when I decided to clean out underneath a day bed (~60cm clearance?) in the livingroom so I could lie down underneath it and watch a football game on my laptop.  No, this was not something I'd done before, and for the life of me I cannot explain why I decided to do it.  My team was absolutely smashing the opponents and I was sobbing uncontrollably, because I thought "If I'm not happy now, how will I ever be happy again?" My SO thought I'd lost my mind, which I had. 

A year later, this all seems very funny to me, but if you've got depression and you're trying to change your life for the better, it's not fucking funny at the time!  Cigarettes were how I dealt with stress and the shitty parts of life.  When I quit, I lost my buffer zone.  It sucked, a LOT.

Three months into the quitting process I decided I couldn't self-treat anymore started seeing a therapist for the first time in my life.  It was about 10 months before I got up the courage to join a gym.  The combination of those two things mean that I am happier and healthier than I've ever been in my life.   

If you've got depression and are trying to quit, just know that you're not alone and that it IS POSSIBLE.  The process will suck, but it's worth it.