1 year and I didn't even notice...

The first week was rough: angry at work, physically tired, couldn't work out. Things that used to bring me joy no longer did. I couldn't sit at my computer and bang out some DOTA games like I used to. I was miserable.

The first month was pretty tough: I had to figure out things to do with my free time. I started to gain weight because I actually started to eat food. I felt like my friends were starting to change or not want to hang out, because they couldn't bum a cig from me and I didn't go outside with them to smoke anymore. 

Six months, not bad. No more cravings, into a new workout routine. Holy crap, I ran a 5k without feeling winded... multiple times a week! Overall self image has improved. I'm really happy with the decision. I can smell again; wow.

1 year gone... this is easy. Yeah, whenever I walk by someone sitting on a stoop smoking, I think: god I miss that. I miss having an excuse to sit outside and watch the world, dragging on a cancer stick. Then I remember all that I've done without cigarettes. How much happier I am without them. How much better my life is. I get the urges every now and then for stupid reasons: I'm bored, I'm drinking, I'm with the old crew, etc. All I do is stop and think about all the bad. We as human beings are designed to remember more good then bad, more joy than pain. Constantly remind yourself of the pain and you can do it.

I didn't even really want to write this post. I remember when I first joined this subreddit I couldn't understand people gloating about 1 week, 1 month, 1 year... But, in retrospect, each of these is an important milestone. A milestone worth taking note of, in the battle to conquer an addiction that only we - those of us that have chosen to quit - can possibly understand. 

I think it's important to know, for that guy/gal that's thinking about quitting today: it IS hard. It's really hard. But it gets easier. And there are sooooo many benefits. One day you'll look back and not even realize how long it's been since your last.

You can do it!