Depression And Its Relation To Smoking

I see some fellow subs mention pretty frequently about depression setting in pretty hard after Quitting. Making the process more difficult and like grieving over a lost loved one. While I did have some chemical imbalance issues and sever manic episodes the first few weeks Ive noticed that I'm pretty much free from depression now a few months in. I thought it was a phase but I realize now Its just who I am now. The difference with me is, as long as I can remember I have ALWAYS been severely depressed. Since my first memories as a small child I have been incredibly unhappy. Severe anxiety, slow phase manic depression, crippling lows that last months. I have thought about killing myself more than Id like to admit.  

That has all changed in the past 2 months. I dont have those uncontrollable feelings of dread, sadness and worthlessness anymore. My social anxiety is virtually gone. I am genuinely happy and have a positive outlook on life for the first time in my 39 years. 

I started smoking very young. I dont profess to know the science behind it. But from my anecdotal experience Im pretty convinced there is something in about the chemical mix in cigs or the psychology of being addicted to smokes that can fundamentally change your mental health and how your brain ooperates, especially through puberty, which I smoked a pack a day for the duration. 

Now after quitting, I feel like a vale has been pulled; after an entire lifetime and Im now seeing and feeling like a normal human being for once. Im not a default cynic and misanthrope anymore. I have a positive outlook for the first time ever. Ive even lost all desire to do harder drugs Ive loved over the years. Cocaine, MDma, lsd, alcohol. Im ok with not being high everyday. Maybe becasue I was only using them to self-medicate. 

I started hobbies I left behind 16 years ago from losing interest to drugs instead. I started woodworking and keeping Orchids instead of bars and getting wasted. Stopping smoking just changed everything for me. 

Has anyone else experienced a renewal similar to this? Or am I the only one who went from "wants to die" to "high on life"?