I have a story to share.

I was 10 years old. The bullies from the previous year asked me to cut class with them. Foolish me accepted. The them of the day was big brothers cool friends and the cigarettes they smoked. 

I was doomed from the first head rush...

30 years would pass. A 2 pack a day habit was evolving from a long forgotten fear to an inevitable reality.

My entire life revolved around smoking. I would reject job offers based solely on the fact they were a non-smoking environment. There were times I was broke and near homeless and I would pilfer shorts out of ashtrays in public to smoke bc I couldnt afford a $3 pack of smokes. Nasty huh?

Hundreds of attempts failed. I was sure this is how I would die. Just like my Grandfather and Uncle before me; with late stage COPD.  On oxygen, dying in a hospital bed, with a poignant, but unlit cigarette clutched between a violently shaking middle and index digit. Wishing more than anything, even over a cure, for the ability to light the tip on fire.

My morning is dominated by cravings. Aside from the fact I wake multiple times a night to feed my brain with nicotine; mornings are particularly difficult. Before I'm even aware im reaching for a pack of smokes. Disappointment and deep breathing exercises cut through the fog as I start my erratic routine. Sometimes its coffee, sometimes coffee is too much to ask. Some morning cravings are nearly debilitating. Those days I go back to sleep.

Ive tried everything to stop. Meditation, will power, gum, patched, vapes. Its all gimmick. Desire and mind over matter trumps all. None of the assistance will work until YOU ARE READY TO QUIT.

I realized that the catalyst for me always relapsing with cigarettes is ALCOHOL. 

So I quit drinking. Nicotine is my drug of choice. Quitting drinking not only saved me thousands of dollars over the last 4 months but I am now tobacco free today for 90 days. I have never posted here. It was important I didnt bc I didnt want to set unrealistic expectations on myself along with the pressure to stop from observers. ( I think this is a main source of anxiety for those trying to quit, outsider expectations and the desire to keep up an appearance. 

I picked a quit day. 8 days later I actually had my last cigarette. I gave myself the time I needed to be mentally prepared. I didnt tell anyone I was doing it. Everyday it got easier. 2 weeks in it got REALLY HARD. 3 weeks got WAY EASIER. 2 months it is but a memory.

I dont know where Im going with this post but I needed to get this off my chest. Im positive my success is directly related to fact I havent told anyone I quit smoking. I just needed to tell someone and I figured this sub might be interested. Thanks for letting me rant. Good Luck in your endeavors to quit. Ive quit Alcohol, Cocaine and now Tobacco. tobacco was far as fucking fuck and away from everything else. You can do it you monster. Anyone want to pick my fucked up brain on how a 2 [pack gutter smoker quit my inbox is open, 

Cheers
