anybody have unbiased information on the health risks/benefits of pipe smoking?

now, i know what you're thinking. i'm not thinking about getting into pipes because i'm unsatisfied with my quit or anything like that. i'm still very satisfied and am so glad i decided to quit. the thing is, about a year or 2 before i ever even picked up my first cig, i was a pipe smoker. i started smoking pipes for the wrong reasons but quickly started to love the art of a pipe, the craftmanship that goes into it. pipes can be beautiful and i still have all of my pipes (as well as a tin of popular pipe tobacco Nightcap, i believe by Dunhill). i used to smoke aromatics as well as the occasional english, but i started smoking cigarettes, became addicted, and stopped smoking pipes. when i did smoke pipes it was never an issue, i was never addicted, and i was really just in it because it was a cool hobby. i also was only spending too much money in the sense that i was buying 50 dollar pipes every now and then haha. now, i'm not thinking of getting back into pipes to make up for my quit, if anybody can link me to some health information (that isn't just following anti-tobacco bias or ill-informed information (this one study i was reading about was mentioning inhaling, which pipe smokers in my region don't do, we just taste and blow it out)) that says that pipes will harm me, i won't bother. but as a result of my hobby i've met plenty of old men, of sound mind and seemingly of good health that have smoked pipes exclusively their whole lives. i can think of several with some solid rows of pearly whites too. my anecdotal evidence says that most people who smoke pipes exclusively, don't smoke them day in and day out, and don't inhale them, end up just fine.

so not only do i want info on the health aspect, but i also want advice on whether or not it might harm my quit. if pipes could get me back on cigarettes i will not take the risk. the main reason i was wondering is because i just picked up a nice fifth of some local bourbon and at the check out noticed this time magazine all about mark twain. i was thinking about waiting til the warm whether rolls around and grabbing a glass of some bourbon, a pipe for old time's sake (as well as in honor of Mr. Twain himself), and reading through the issue. should i worry about relaxing every now and then in this manner?