Excited to start hell week from day 1... am I crazy?

Yet another quitting newbie here, I joined a few days ago and did little more than lurking, commenting on other posts, collecting wisdom from here and other subreddits, trying and failing to quit every waking hour or so.

I'm noticing a little change in the way a look at it. Before I'd get scared of withdrawal syntoms, scared of failing after some horrible time, scared of commitment, super motivated sometimes, doubting myself the next moment. Now I am just excited about the journey, about finally breaking free, about learning the dark arts of self-discipline and mindfulness which I need so badly in all other areas of my life. It's time to take massive change and I'm not feeling overwhelmed anymore. Am I crazy? Will it last? Who knows. Who cares honestly. Because it's not about how I feel about all of this but about getting it actually done and learn my lessons along the way.

In order to get to this point I had to get rid of all the nice baggage my 12345 failed attempts left with me as a legacy. I needed to forgive myself and read the (in)famous quote one more time: you are under no obligation to be the same person you were 5 minutes ago. Whoever came up with that, thank you.

Then I needed to be reminded about some useful realizations I had over the years only to forget them the following day. Things like my thoughts are not always to be taken seriously. I am not my thoughts. I am not my cravings. I am not my addiction. Addiction has a voice and a face of its own, it's not mine, and I can give it the middle finger. And it's actually addiction going through hell week, not me. I'm free already.

So I think I'm ready to get started now and stay committed. Because there is nothing good at all that smoking death sticks has ever given me. I know it's going to be one of the hardest thing I'll ever do but also one of the worthiest. I know that motivation will come and go and that I actually don't need it, I need discipline and to #manthefuckupbro.

Have a great smoke-free day :)