100 days and counting

I posted on this subreddit a couple years ago when I first quit smoking. I'm not ashamed to admit that within about 3 months, I had fallen off the wagon. I met up with a good friend who I hadn't seen in years who happened to smoke. One thing led to another, and a mix of peer pressure and nostalgia led me to light up a cigarette. I told myself, "Hey its only one. Whats the harm?" I smoked a couple cigarettes with him and I left his place. On my way back to my hotel, I bought a pack of reds. Telling myself, "I'm only smoking a few", I continued to fall farther and farther off the wagon until I was a full on addict again. 

Between then and the time I decided to give it all up, I tried everything under the sun to curtail it. I would alternate between chewing tobacco, which I used in college, and also started vaping. In between, I would buy a pack of cigs every now and then. I saw vaping as a method of harm reduction, and I still believe in it for those that have a hard time quitting. For the 3 months or so leading up to me quitting again, I was smoking full time again. During this period, there was a lot of self loathing. I had given up something (being tobacco free) that I was proud of; that my friends and family were proud of. When I tried to quit, I started using the old excuses: "I can't quit with the stress from work", "Withdrawing from nicotine will screw up the tasks I do at work". I gave myself the excuses that even I recognized as those of a smoker, which made me feel worse. I started hiding my habit from others. I told people I quit, which people probably saw through that facade. I'm guessing I smelled like a smoke stack haha. The interior of my car also had a fine layer of ash on everything. 

The kick in the ass that I needed came from my workplace. Starting this year, they began nicotine testing, which is possible (I thought it was BS). I was presented with two options: Go through the smoking cessation program offered, or pay an extra $1500 per year on my company health insurance (Easy Pick). 

For the program, I talked to a rep from a cessation org once a week. I didn't find it all that helpful, but the threat of paying $1500 more on my insurance was all I needed as motivation. So on a random day, I quit on the spot. Just like that, cold turkey. While there are a plethora of aids that work for other people, I knew that quitting cold turkey was the only way I'd kick it. The first two weeks fucking SUCKED. I couldn't sleep, my temper was shorter than usual, I couldn't focus. The ordeal was brutal. After those harrowing two weeks, it got better. The psychological cravings were there, but the physical dependency was gone. I could work out without hitting the proverbial wall that smoking created. I felt better when I woke up. Those days turned into weeks, then months, and I'm at 101 days. 

I know that there is a shit ton of text, but I wanted to share my thoughts and story with those on this subreddit. I think there are many on here who share a similar scenario/situation in their lives. I am here to tell you: DON'T GIVE UP!!! Nobody is perfect. I thought I was a failure when I fell off the wagon. Most people don't succeed on their first try. I took a look at my last attempt and used my shortcomings to strengthen my ability to quit. According to the app, Cessation Nation, I've saved around $363 and have not smoked around 1212 cigarettes. I no longer wake up with intermittent chest pain. I can run without feeling like I'm having a heart attack. I don't have to use chickenshit tactics to try and convince people that I quit. I can proudly tell them that I no longer smoke. 


**tl;dr If you fail quitting, don't give up. Learn from your failures and use them to succeed!**  