Quitting smoking for lent; Day 1

After 5 years, thousands of dollars, and tons of stinky clothes later, I have decided to quit smoking at long last. It has been something I have been attempting for a long time now. 

 They say that you need a solid reason to quit; that you have to be in it 110% for it to work. For a long time, the thought of quitting smoking scared the hell out of me. I am well aware of the guaranteed benefits of quitting, and my friends/family have been lecturing me on them for years. The part that scared me was change. I lived by the old adage, "If it ain't broke, don't fix it." I graduated college last year and started a new job in a new city. For a long time, I was able to convince myself that I didn't need to quit smoking because its been part of my routine for so long, and I didn't want to deviate from the routine that has brought me success. I pulled off enough mental gymnastics that would make the Ringling Bros stare in awe.  

I don't consider myself a religious man, but many people close to me in my life are. To them, Lent means sacrifice, if for only 40 days. Everyone knows at least one person that gives up something for Lent, whether its sweets, fast food, or drinking. But I've decided I'm giving up smoking. I'm a fair man, so I tried to list the positives of continuing to smoke. Needless to say, I couldn't find one because I realized that the tension and anxiety that I felt was caused by the smoking. I've forgotten what its like to be smoke free and healthy. I don't want to be the guy that needs to step out to have a smoke. I'm tired of my clothes, breath, hair, and apartment reeking like smoke. I'm tired of getting the evil eye from people when they realize I smoke because they could smell it on me. I'm tired of doing mental gymnastics to explain to people why I haven't quit yet. I'm tired of dropping thousands of dollars per year on a product that is slowly killing me. I want to be able to run a mile without feeling like I'm about to drop dead. I want to be able to smell the food that I am eating and not rely on memory to remember what it tastes like. Sorry for the rant at the end. A lot of shit that's been on my mind for a long time and I needed to get out

So here we are, day 1. I'll post updates 