First day smoke free in 7 years.

Today is my first day cigarette free in about three years. I’m 31 years old and I started smoking cigarettes in 2007. Prior to cigarettes I would smoke [Black & Mild](http://www.johnmiddletonco.com/en/cms/Products/Our_Products_and_Brands/cigar_family.jpg.aspx) Cigars. That started in 2003 in college. In 2004 I smoked my first Newport at the hands of a girlfriend and it choked me to death and I said I’d never touch one again…”I’ll stick to my Black & Mild’s thank you very much”. It wasn’t until I met a girl in 2007 who was a pretty heavy drinker and a heavy smoker.  We were sitting and drinking at her place and no stores were open for me to get a Black & Mild. She told me to try her Newport…so I did. And then I smoked another one. After drinking it felt like 10 Black & Mild’s all at once. From that point it was just a “when I’m drinking” situation, but it then grew to…well….here I am day one quitting. My past isn’t my reason for quitting. I’m not quitting because of my children, and I’m not quitting for social reasons. I love cigarettes. I love how they feel after a few strong drinks, after smoking a little weed, after a heavy meal, after sex, after a red-bull in the morning, when I’m angry, when I’m sad, when I’m happy, when I’m stressed (mostly), and when I’m driving. In February of 2013 my mom died of cancer. It was the same year my mother’s mother lost her vision due to diabetes. I learned that my father’s aunt also died of cancer. I truly believe that my mother’s cancer was directly related to her high stress level. Her oldest son, my brother, has schizophrenia that I believe was caused by my physically abusive father. My mother’s mother endured the same physical abuse from her husband. I hate to get into a long drawn out sob story…but my stress levels have been high lately. Stressing over my two young daughters growing up. Stressing over my ex, stressing over my nephew who may have emotional problems. Stressing over my fiancé who is very indecisive about decisions that are major to both of us like whether or not to get out of the Healthcare profession because it’s so stressful to her. In November of 2013 I weighed 219 pounds. Today I’m 184 and it’s all unintentional weight loss. I eat all the time and within the last year my fiancé moved in with me and she cooks almost daily. I’m scared and my fiancé is planning my next doctor’s visit to rule out anything serious. In the meantime in between time I’m going to practice healthy habit…so I’m officially smoke free as of today. I’ve browsed the post in this community and there are a lot of success stories and some serious reasons as to why one must quit. I’m scared I’m sick and that’s why I’m quitting. You guys quitting and successfully quitting is going to help me a lot. Thank you for reading. 