From somebody who failed a lot to hose who failed before

I made a lot of attempts to quit smoking. From 2 years to half a year to 2-3 weeks and so on. If you think it is a bad idea to follow the advice of somebody who failed a lot, maybe you are right. But maybe I have a few tips from my attempts that might help you.

If you are like me, quitting does not feel awful all the time. In fact sometimes you feel excited from the energy and the prospect of a new life. But out of nowhere the third day can turn up. I think it is some sort of "instant depression" or a univeral pessimiss that suddendly sets in. An otherwise small problem in your life will make you think that everything is useless.

And then the most dangerous thought-process begins "Why should I even stop Smoking? Everything sucks anyways. At least with a smoke, I can relax a bit"

This got me often. If you do that, you will discover that the smoke just makes it worse and you feel even worse and then you smoke a pack by the time you go to bed.


The second danger is almost the exact opposite. You are at a party, you have some time without a cig, the withdrawal symptoms are over and you feel great. Somebody offers you a cig and you think "Oh why not, what can one cig hurt? I mean I won't sacrific all this progress, I will continue to quit after this". And then you smoke a second one thinking "well I continue to quit tomorrow. What can one "fail day" hurt right?" And then you ask yourself how the fuck you ended up smoking again?


Now what I think works best against everything is conditioning. Don't just rely on will-power, don't rely on logic.


Have a phrase in your head going "Smoking sucks, it will make everything bad again" or something like it and just repeat it in your head until these dangerous moments pass. 

Try to remove the thought from your brain. Don't try to reason or argue with the addiction inside of you because that will only prolong the moment.

You have to *know* that the moment will pass and you will be glad you made it. See it as a test that you must pass.


