20 days of no-smoking in few hours

Hey, i don't use reddit often and i'm here thanks to an app which provides help to the one who wants quit smoking
so, i wanted to post here that i didn't smoke a single puff since 20 days, and i think i've never stopped this long before
I'm 16, soon 17 and i had smoked for two years, and i could see me become more and more dependant as the time goes
I'm young i know,  but i think i'm not the only teen that began smoking early and wanted to stop. 
So, we often lack of motivation, and real reason to smoke. And three reasons helped me : 
- wanted to take good habits with 2015
- i'm not sportive, and my breath is dramatically bad for a 16-yo boy.
- my sinus hurts me often a lot, and this is very uncomfortable

So, as a student, and the course which would begin soon, i decided to not smoke the first day of school. I thought it was the only means to stop : stop smoking during school days, with courses and stress is very hard. So, taking good habits, at the first day seemed me good.
And i've done this. The first day is..terrible, difficult. You see people around you smoking, even laughing at you because you want stop smoking, whereas they can't
I was even about smoking at the end of school, asking a friend for a cigarette, and by chance his packet was empty. Finally, i didn't smoke. And after that first day, the envy to smoke dramatically decreased. Day after day, you recover the feelings with your nose, the taste of aliments.. although your endurance will not be repaired in short time, your throat will say you thank you. And day after day, the smoke disgust you and you don't ever feel the craving. 

So, for every young people who wants to smoke : wait until the next first day of school, and resist this first only day. You will suffer a lot. But after that only day, you will be able to say : "I resisted one day. I can resist forever."

 But forever is a big word. We must continue to resist against small little temptqtion. And that decreases with time, it's more and more easier. 

You can stop smoking, your motivation can do whatever you want.

Last thing, i use the app "Smoke free" (and it's completely free, plus this helps a guy in college who wants to make a thesis about smoking, in order to understand how people get addicted and how to avoid that. (If i remember correctly x))
 it helped me for the firsts days. But this app is just a little help, it doesn't replace your motivation ! It counts the number of hours and cigarettes you don't smoked, give you some missions to do to help you.. it gives you achievements for a certain number of cigarettes not smoked .. it can be motivating !

So, everyone can stop. Just listen to yourself. Listen to you, at the moment where you smoke and you think "I could quit smoking..."
Exhale your last puff. Throw away your last cigarette, and remember that thought you had : you CAN quit smoking !

(sorry for the many errors in the text, i'm a french student and i swear i did anything to avoid most errors ! have a nice day)