Yesterday marked 7 months smoke free after smoking for around 4 years. [22M] Here's how I did it, and you can too.

As the title says, I'm 22 years old and yesterday marked my 7th month cigarette free and I want to discuss how I did this to hopefully inspire others.  I have never told someone they need to quit smoking, because I respect others decisions but this is a place where everyone seems to be searching for answers.

I did this around a transitionary stage in my life, namely transferring to a different college, which I believe was a huge factor in helping me be successful though I believe I would've stayed smoke free either way.  

At the beginning of 2015 my addiction to cigarettes had gotten to be what I felt was out of control; I was no longer smoking for enjoyment or for social purposes, but instead I was smoking to feel normal enough to get through the day.  I hated that I relied on this crutch to feel motivated enough to finish tasks at hand and that's when I realized enough is enough. But I still smoked daily, until July 2015.

In June 2015 I was running low on money and literally couldn't afford packs anymore.  I would wait for a friend to come over and bum one or two off of him every other day or so, and it was hell believe me. Eventually after about a weeks of this, every other day turned into every two days, and then into every other three days, and so on until I realized that I was able to say no every time I was offered.  My last cigarette was on 7/11/2015 and I left for college in late  August 2015.

From that moment on, I took control of the addiction. It was painful at first and my waking thought for about a month was about cigarettes. I would get a faint hint of a cigarette and start craving slightly. Now at seven months my cravings are down to maybe one every two weeks and it's not a serious full blown craving, it's more of a nostalgic memory of how a cigarette in that specific moment used to feel normal.



So what I did was use a point of necessity to quit smoking. You can try to find this in maybe an upcoming family gathering, a new job, a new significant other, a new car that you don't want to ruin the value of, a new house, a new set of clothes.  Try to find something new in your life to use as a pivot point.  Do not go cold turkey; use a gradual stepping down of the amount and frequency you're smoking cigarettes.  Try to cut down by one a day, or try to skip a day if possible.  It's going to suck, but it will be well worth it in the end. If I can do it, anybody can do it.

As a side note, I feel great. I'm a wind musician and I have never been able to breath as well as I have been able to once I quit.