How can a daughter help?

Hello reddit! I’m (17f) feeling kinda stuck. My father has been smoking daily for a couple years now. How long exactly, I’m not sure. In the past year or two I’d hear my father leaving the house early in the morning when I’m usually asleep, to come back inside some minutes later smelling like smoke. I knew what he was trying to hide but I could never bring myself to call him out on it. One particular day last year, I looked out the back window, saw him smoking with my very own eyes for the first time, and questioned him when he came back inside. He told me that he’d been doing this for some years now but promised he’d stop that day. I knew he wouldn’t and I know he still smokes. He got better at hiding it, but every so often he’d come home with the smell and I even know exactly where he still hides his Newports. But now here’s my problem; I really want my dad to stop smoking, but it’s an extremely distressing topic and very hard for me to talk about. The day I caught him in the act I was hysterical and couldn’t focus in school at all for the following few days. His father, my grandpa, died some years prior from to cancers due to smoking and it hurts me to know that my father would eventually go out in pain like his dad did. I just can’t sit around and pretend that I don’t see him sneaking a lighter in his pocket or creeping out the back anymore. If I don’t help him now, I’m going to hate myself for not helping him later when his health gets even worse. So I have a question for you all. Fathers/anybody, really; How would you prefer your child to approach/conduct a conversation in which you’d feel most comfortable and best motivated to quit. I know that there are plenty of “tips” online, but I’d like to hear your personal opinions. And if there are any children to smoker parents reading this and have gone through /that/ conversation, what tips do you have to get through it without getting overwhelmed, as I know I do quite often. A huge thank you to anyone who read this whole thing. I just don’t want my dad to leave this world in suffering, you know? Any help/kind words are appreciated :)

TLDR; Parents who smoke, how would you prefer your child to help you out/start your quitting journey in a way which makes you most comfortable and not discouraged. Children of smoker parents, how do you start the conversation about your parents’ habit without getting upset or overwhelmed.