F those Nicotine Cravings. F them reealll good. (warning:excessive profanity, read at own risk)

Right, so as I was saying, fuck those cravings, and fuck them good. In fact heres an idea; invite nicotine craving on over to your home, and light a scented candle or two. While your at it break out the nice cutlery and the good china, and put on some of that feel good music. Cook up a hearty meal, heavier than usual, maybe a brisket, a steak of some sort maybe. Pop open that good shit you've been saving for that exact moment. Wait until nicotine craving has had its fill and has let its guard down, content, unfastening its belt from the satisfaction of this fine evening and then...

WHOOP THAT TRICK!!!! beat the dog shit out of that motherfucker, Whoop nicotine cravings ass to timbuktu. Fuck up nicotine craving so bad it runs back crying to momma crave about how you lured it in thinking everything was cool and then laid the MOTHERFUCKING SMACKDOWN ON HIS ROODI POO CANDY ASS! Let these jabroni's know just WHO THE FUCK THEY'RE FUCKIN WITH. It used to be the cravings could just walk all over you, using your body like a two dollar hooker, making you its slave by tricking your mind into believing you NEEDED IT. Holy fucking shit does the buck stop here. Fool me once, shame on you nicotine, fool me twice, shame on me. Screw this chemical that brought you so much pain, mentally as well as physically, pain you simply did not deserve. 

I guess what Im saying friends and fellow journeymen/women, is I encourange you to not only endure these cravings but embrace them as well. Take each one on as a challenge, stare it dead in its beady little eyes and pronouce "not today fuckass, not today" as you roundhouse kick that shit eating grin off its face. Maybe your thinking you went a littloverboard, a little excessive? Fuck that. Nicotine  showed you no remorse when it was pretending to relieve your stress, only to cause more. Never let your guard down against this old foe. Consider this the big payback. 


