(Trying to reset my badge so ignore the days) I am done for really real this time!

Smoking for 20 years, even from the time I was a small child I always knew I was going to be a smoker. Every role model in my life from television to family smoked and never complained once about it. (when I was a child). I lost my Grandfather to smoking.I remember as a kid I could hear that death rattle in his breath from across the house. Anyway He got pneumonia and in less than 24 hours it killed him. They brought him back but he had lost so much oxygen to his brain, he never fully came back. He spent three more dying from lung complications. 

I have been coming closer and closer to quitting for quite a few years. I know that it needed to be done on my terms and for no other reason than it will make me happy to do it. If I quit for financial or pressure induced reasons, I don't think I could continue with the follow through.

I recently herniated two of the lower discs in my back which has led to a diagnosis of Degenerative Disc Disease as well and Degenerative Arthritis in my hips. I have fairly severe Scoliosis that is twisting my hips out of alignment but I was aware of that. I am 35 and never really went to the Dr. much in my life due to Ins. issues until recently.

I bring this up only to give a little context to my desire for change and a better future for myself and my family (Beautiful Wife, 3 Girls 12,6 and 1 and 1/2

Due to such a drastic change in my standard of life, I am having to come to terms with the fact that many things in my life will no longer be what I am accustomed to...What a perfect time to quit smoking!

I know this will be quite a process but I feel that I am now prepared to fully take this journey as well as have a better understanding of the changing needs of my body and what a horrible poison cigarettes are.
I feel so happy to be taking these steps and to be able to break free of cigarettes, I am sure there will be many times I feel the exact opposite feelings but I know that these will pass.

TL/DR: Health Issues have made me happy to be quitting??