Week 2 update - rant and strange personality changes.

This is going to be a wall and a half, but it's mostly good stuff!

A week and a month ago today, I moved across the country, started a new job, and had no friends. A week and a month ago, I was a smoker.

Two weeks ago, I met a girl I really clicked with. It's been over two years since I've even considered dating a girl, but this one I actually *want* to date. There was only one catch. 

She was allergic to cigarettes.

But I must have done something right, because we still ended up kissing. But once she started coughing after she pulled away, I realized that if I wanted a chance with this girl, I had to quit smoking.

That was the final straw for me. I bought my last pack the next day. 14 days ago,I smoked my last cigarette.

The girl is gone now. She'll be gone until September, but I'm still not smoking. She told me we might not date when she gets back, but I'm still not smoking. I've been drinking, I work in a kitchen, I've been lonely, tired, sick, hungover, hungry, full, and exhausted. But I'm still not smoking.

The day after I quit, I took up hiking. I've seen so many amazing things in this new city I live in. I never would have seen them if I was still smoking.

I wake up 30 minutes earlier than I normally would so that I can cook a delicious breakfast. I eat my food in ways that brings out the most flavour. I'm proud of every single thing that I do in a day.

6 days ago, I met /u/segasaver. He was having a hard time quitting, and I wanted to help. We talk every day now, and we've become amazing friends! We've each been a huge influence on each other, and I'm proud to say that I'm quitting smoking with him.

Today, even though we don't live in the same country, we cooked a meal together. That's something I never thought I would do. But I love cooking! Now more than I ever did! I love food, I love flavours, and I love making it!

3 days ago, I woke up. I felt amazing. I felt like if I wanted to conquer the world, I could do it. I went jogging.

This morning I went jogging again.

I feel amazing. I feel uncapped. Every time I look at my phone and realize that I've extended my lifespan, it makes me feel good!

I'm finally past the point of not caring that cigarettes were killing me. I'm disgusted at myself that I would not only do that, but *pay* to do that.

I've sworn off smoking. I'm no longer an ex-smoker. Today, I am a non-smoker.

Also, an afterthought -

If I smoked 12 cigarettes in a day, and it's 5 minutes per cigarette, then I literally have an extra hour in my day every day.

Edit: Forgot to mention my taste in music has changed as well.

I listen to really relaxing music now. I don't really know how it came about, but I think [this thread](https://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/comments/4jwdsw/what_song_when_played_makes_you_appreciate_life/) really had a lot to do with it. I listen to this style of music on the bus, in the shower, and whenever I find a nice spot on a hike to stop and enjoy the view.

2 weeks ago I was listening to Metallica