For over two years my badge has been a lie...

My bade is a lie. For those of you reading this after I've reset it: http://i.imgur.com/otmLMDZ.png

I read Allen Carr's book about two and a half years ago, on January 28th 2013. I successfully kicked the habit for two months before slipping back in again, quit for a few days, reset my badge in late May of 2013 and slipped again shortly thereafter. I quit for a month in January of 2014 until my best friend unexpectedly passed away February 8th of last year and the first thing I did after composing myself somewhat was to run back to the store and buy a pack to cope. Chain smoked in the parking lot of his funeral throughout the service and haven't stopped puffing since.

I'm so fucking done with this habit. For the last few weeks especially, I have been agonizing over the habit and my thoughts have been constantly bombarded with kicking this habit once and for all.

I'm going to be 23 years old in 6 days on August 3rd and have been smoking since May of 2011, a few months before turning 19. Far too long, and ironic considering how I used to view smokers before I picked up the habit. 

So now here I am about to puff my last cigarette, the last one in the pack and the final pack I will ever buy. I attempted to quit a couple of weeks ago and almost made it a day, but failed. Not this time. I picked up Carr's book once again and read through it and it really reminded me about the shift in perspective I had lost after reading the book for the first time. No vaping, no reduced amounts of cigarettes during the day, none of that. Done.

I've been a subscriber here for years, but only lurking and watching everybody else quitting and posting their milestones the last few weeks especially, and now I feel it's time to join the fray and kick this habit right next to my online brothers-in-arms! 

Here's to not a new page, nor a new chapter but an entirely new book in my life, one with paper that's NOT rolled around tobacco! Time to reset my badge, I'm looking forward to seeing it have 794 days next to it again when it is legitimately earned.