Quitting smoking and depression/lonliness

So at the risk of sounding like a lil bitch I reach out to fellow redditors trying to kick their nicotine habit while also battling depression. First, a brief backstory on me:

I'm 21 years old. I've been struggling with depression for years now. Ever since all my friends went off to college, studying abroad and living exciting lives, I've been in my hometown, working a crappy retail job paying my way through community college. After high school my self-esteem took a nosedive. I began to watch all my peers evolve into respectable adults with relationships and purpose, and proceeded to plummet into a massive funk. My grades/appetite were suffering (still are), I became extremely socially anxious, and often would spend my friday nights getting drunk by myself staying awake until 4am. Nicotine has been a huge crutch of mine during this time, and I've tried countless times to quit to no avail. 

I was going two days strong with no nic (a big deal for me), eating well, feeling great overall; but at work today I was struck with an overwhelming sadness out of nowhere. Hit up some of my local friends to distract myself and get out of the house...no answer. So now I sit here in my empty house, family's all out having fun and I'm sitting here with a dip in my mouth wondering why I can't stop being weak. (I know this is a quit-smoking subreddit, but there's more people here than the quit-dipping one).

I just feel so alone in all of this. I've isolated myself for so long, thinking I would be happier if I did, but I've reached the point where I am beginning to realize that I need help. I'm trying to improve myself overall, and quitting nicotine is the first obstacle I have to overcome. My question to all of you is, mainly to those who are depressed and feeling alone, how do you cope? How do you persist in your smoking/dipping cessation when everything else in life seems like its all collapsing around you? 

I don't mean to sound like a whiney little cunt right now, but I really want to be strong enough to not depend on nicotine to ease my anxiety and depression. I want to be better. It's just tough when life seems like it's going nowhere for me.

