Using Power Metal music to succeed in my first real attempt in years.

Power metal (check out r/powermetal) is one of my favorite types of music to listen to. It's fast, exciting, and the lyrical themes often deal with glorious battle, victory through effort, and self-improvement (surprisingly). About 4 years ago, I used a few specific power metal songs to get into the gym and lose some weight. I would conceptualize how these lyrics related to my goals, and use them to get pumped up and energized in my pursuit of these goals. Playing the songs while preparing to go to the gym, and while working out, helped motivate me and put me in the mental space to really give it my all. I lost over 20 pounds in a few months and have kept it off to this day. The themes of righteous effort and victory, along with the emotional power of aggressive music, were super valuable in achieving this in my mind. 

Today is day 0 of my first genuine quit attempt (after many half-hearted ones) in 10 years of smoking. I finished Allen Carr's book this morning and I was casually listening to some of my fav songs and the lyrics in one of them really struck a chord. In the book, nicotine addiction is characterized as a monster that you must starve to death by not feeding it nicotine. In the song "Sacred Hell" by Edguy, there are themes of an "fiend" that must be contended with. This fiend kills many people, rides on fire, is a demon that can be blamed for the much pain and death in the world. The "Sacred Hell" in the song is the state of suffering resulting from combating this fiend. While the battle is painful and there is torment and hatred, the battle is a sacred one that, once won, will leave only lucidity, love, and freedom.

I just wanted to share the strategy I'm going to be using and have a place to write down the significance I will be placing on this song. When times get tough during the quit and I feel like I'm going through hell, I will play this song to get amped about the battle I am fighting and realize that when the battle is won the glory will be MINE!!!

Here's the song, it's lyrics, and the significance of these lyrics to my goals of killing this fiend. 

[Edguy - Sacred Hell](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7BX6ocJPyuQ)

[Intro]

Ravens in the air - no one in the streets
Seems like the fiend has come back
Riding on fire - scarlet's the sky
Love's slowly starting to crack

*The intro takes place while smoking. Smoking alone, out on the street, death circles above. The fiend rides in on the fire of the cigarette, bringing doom and destroying the love of anything in life besides nicotine*

[Verse 1]

Whiplash and torture
Envy is driving our hate
The whole world around
Is mad and confused
The end has begun
We're facing our fate

*When not fed, this fiend creates great suffering. When he is, our minds our fogged. Capitulating to him is putting us on a road to early death that is filled with hatred and fear. But we can kill this fiend, we have begun the battle. How we fight will determine if we live long, happy lives or if we will throw away our chances at a fate we truly want in order to kneel to this fiend*

[Pre-chorus]

Staring through eyes of hate we kill
Are we controlled or is it our own will
Don't use for brain
Don't look for a reason
Don't feel ashamed
While we put the blame on the demon

*Know what the fiend truly is, a drug addiction, and hate him. Recognize that there is nothing to love about being addicted to nicotine, then hate this addiction and kill it. Will you be ruled by what you hate. Don't try to justify smoking with complex thoughts about "just this one" or "this is so stressful, smoking will fix that". Also, don't feel bad about wanting to smoke, this is a FIEND we are talking about. This is a serious enemy, this enemy is the reason you think these things. It is hateful."

[Chorus]

Sacred hell - sacred hell
There's nothing but names on the wall
You can be free - you can face tomorrow
Sacred hell - sacred hell
Now the fiend must be back on our ball
Don't sow the sin - don't reap the sorrow

*This battle against addiction is a sacred hell. It is painful and difficult at times, but it is one of the most significant and valuable battles you will ever fight. There are MILLIONS of names that are carved into the memorial of people killed by this fiend every year. You do not have to be one of those names. You can win this fight and be free. It is now time to push this beast back. The fight may be full of sorrow, but that is only because you have smoked before. If you do not smoke, then you will not feel the sorrow this fiend brings*


[Verse 2]


No lucid intervals
No good will to guide
Devil in disguise
End in damnation cause we only hide
Calling him to rise

*Smoking does not "clear your head" or "relieve stress" or do any good AT ALL. All these perceived benefits are tricks played by the fiend. If we continue to hide from this truth, and from the battle ahead, we will die the most horrible death possible. All through invoking this fiend by smoking that next cigarette*