11 days and 300 hours smoke free! Here's my really long story. I hope it helps some of you.

You might see a deleted post on this sub because I accidentally submitted it before i was finished.. 

Back story:
I was a smoker for 2 years since literally the day I turned 18. My dad always smoked, clouded up the house. I remember it being so bad the living room would be clouded with smoke. Our walls in the house were originally white. They turned deep yellow. Started dating my current boyfriend when I was 16, who had been smoking since he was 14, and since I was so used to being around smoke from my chain-smoker dad, it was somewhat of a comforting smell on his clothes and his breath. Thought it looked sexy seeing him do it. Once my curiosity got the best of me, so I took a hit off his cigarette, and got my first (and only) nicotine high. At that point I didn't start smoking, this was probably when I was 17ish. The day I turned 18 I decided I wanted to have my birthday at a hookah bar and got a pack of cigarettes. Worst mistake of my life. I thought I looked more adult this way? We're too lame of a couple to celebrate an 18th birthday at a night club or something, so that was my way of celebrating my legal age. Still living at home, I hid it from my parents a while. My boyfriend had a blu e-cig that I would use, i would go on walks around the neighborhood just to smoke, and spray perfume to mask the smell when I returned. So I eventually came out about it. My dad and I were garage smoking buddies, we actually bonded because I never actually just sat and talked with my dad. My boyfriend and I's friend circle all smoke, and we'd all have to go out and smoke together. I had gotten to 15 cigarettes a day, and started putting out a smoking budget. One day I was smoking a cigarette and it dawned on me how stupid it is. Its a lot of money to slowly kill myself. Constantly worried about money to buy cigarettes. Probably spending more than $100 a month on cigarettes. It was pretty ridiculous I felt I had to smoke AS MUCH AS POSSIBLE before work and on breaks. I wouldn't eat even though I was starving just to smoke.
I started my quitting journey Sunday, August 2. I weaned down starting from 5 cigarettes a day to 0 that Friday. I had already had a vape so I used that to fill the empty space that would have been smoking.
I started conditioning myself using two hairbands that I would snap HARD on my wrist every time I smoked. I'm not sure how much that helped. I cheated on my budget once. My boyfriend and my friends are very supportive. There were times I wanted one badly and he talked me down saying things like "its not worth it, its not going to satisfy you, you'll just feel regret and shame. You don't need it."
I saw things like eating very spicy candy to help curb cigarette cravings, so I got a box of hot tamales. One wasn't quite enough, so chewing two at once really did the trick.
I had tried to quit before, but this time it wasn't about money, it was because I wanted to, badly, I'm very determined to never touch a cigarette again. Since I was still using nicotine in the vaporizer, I thought my withdrawal was sort of strange. I had head rushes, I bit my lips a lot, i fidgeted, A lot of people who quit find they start over-eating. I didn't want to eat, I was practically starving myself. I'd take a few bites of a sandwich and start picking it apart and throw it out. But as the amount I smoked a day rapidly decreased, so did my cravings (which i tracked with the livestrong app). I started coming in way under budget just cause I wanted to quit faster.


Here are some things I realized: 
How much time a day I smoked. Think about this: at 15 cigarettes per day, approximately 5 minutes per cigarette, I was smoking around 1 hour and 15 minutes per day. thats ridiculous. I have so much more time in the morning now! 
My stress has gone WAY down. I have more energy, its easier to get out of bed, it's awesome not to feel like I have to chain smoke for a half an hour on my break at work, I can actually eat.
food tastes better.... SO MUCH BETTER. 
I'm not burning through my money. 
iced chamomile tea helps so much with how dry your mouth gets from vaping. 
You really don't know what you're missing getting a real breath of fresh air. 
With eating and breathing, its like a very scaled down version of being blind and finally being able to see. 
and it only gets easier as you go. At 11 days, I confidently say i have no desire or cravings to smoke. I don't want it at all. I am amazed. I'm nowhere near as irritable anymore. I don't NEED my vape, but I like it. When I finish up this juice I'll start weaning down nicotine. Maybe like every time I purchase juice. 
I was away from the boyfriend for a week, wasn't around dad when he was smoking. When I saw my boyfriend again, i was staring at the window and didn't even hear the flick of the lighter but I knew instantly he lit one. I could smell it, it smelled awful, it made my chest hurt and made me feel nauseous. He was saying like "oh you're gonna be like my younger brother now, not wanting to be around smoke at all?" and I said something along the lines of "well I'm being serious, it really makes me hurt and makes me sick" and he respected this and threw it out the window. It only bothers me severely stuck in a car (no the window rolled down makes 0 difference.) I remember this feeling from when I was a kid, but I had gotten so used to being around second-hand smoke it was easy to start, I feel. 

I think the thing that has made it easier for me (cause i'm not saying it was effortless, it was still difficult) is I didn't really like smoking. I was fed up, and I was eager to stop. The thing that was stopping me so long was worrying about how it would effect me at work because I work at McDonald's and have to deal with customers alot. I didn't want to blow up on a customer going through withdrawl. But that didn't happen, I planned my quit date around my work schedule. So the day I quit completely was the last day of my work week and my managers and coworkers knew I was quitting cause I was SO EXCITED about it I had to tell everyone and they probably expected me to be more irritable than usual. I'm lucky to work with a lot of friendly and compassionate people. 

So since I just made a big change to my health then why not keep the ball rolling? I downloaded an iPhone app called Couch to 5k and started running. It takes you from being sentient to being 5k ready in 9 weeks. I'm not out of breath! And I really recommend this app because it does literally what the title says and I'm on my third week now. I am really impressed. I stopped drinking soda, and I started eating less and more of it being healthier foods. (no more taking home free big breakfasts from work every day... and maybe a pie... hahaha... Okay but I've lost 35 lbs since I started working at McDonald's in february so it wasn't making me gain weight but it certainly wasn't helping me lose it. 

So I wanted to share my story, to tell you guys what worked for me, and give you some encouragement if you're struggling. This is a very long post and about the length of a high school essay, so I applaud you for making it to the bottom! Just remember, keep pushing. The first few days are really hard, but you don't need cigarettes. You really don't. They do nothing positive for you. My uncle was a heavy smoker and now he's got lung cancer. My other, and morbidly obese uncle is literally killing himself faster with every cigarette but he is so weak-willed that with this knowledge, he continues smoking and eating until his stomach hurts. Even tries to tell me that cigarettes are healthier than vaping! 

Well crap I'm at almost 8,000 characters now and I should stop. No one in their right mind is going to read the whole thing. Maybe if I start writing song lyrics down here no one will even notice. I'll just end this with YOU CAN DO IT, you are stronger than stupid smelly pathetic cigarettes. even if you don't have a strong support system (my parents were suprisingly not very supportive at all) there are people here that want to help! Stay strong. 
