Quitting the addiction

TL;DR Have been smoking for 8 years, surprisingly quit like *that* - no medical aid

I've been an in denial smoker since I was 15/16 (I am now 23).  I have always held on to the notion that "I can quit whenever I want" - such is the life of an in denial addict.  When I went to university aged 18 the amount I smoked increased and increased until I started to roll my own in the hope that I could stay "in control" of the habit.  Then once I graduated I went travelling to Australia and Asia.  Now for those of you who have visited Australia or South East Asia you'll be aware that they like to smoke.  A lot.  Australia's smallest carton of smokes that you can buy in most shops is 25 cigs (15 more than our tiny little packs of 10).  Or 30g of tobacco.  Most countries in SE Asia have a pack of 20 selling for about $0.25 - $1.  Combine this with $1 bottles of Chang or $5 bottles of Sangsom; the smoking increases.  A lot.  As the age old saying goes, smoking goes hand-in-hand with alcohol. How true.  By the time I left Asia I was probably up to as least 20-30 cigs a day, not to mention the ones I scabbed off people I met in guest houses, others that I'd be drinking with, you know - the ones who are always there to scrounge a fag off.  I was fully blown addicted.  I would wake in the morning and that would be my first thought.  I would light a cigarette, smoke it and within 30 seconds be thinkings about the next one.  I'd be in a group of people and as soon as someone else lit one I'd be lighting one too.  The day before I come back to England I bought a fresh carton, thinking to myself as I handed over the 38Baht ($1.20/£0.70) "this will be the last.  I'll finish this one in a few days or so, and I won't buy another because I won't be able to afford it.  This is the kick start to stop".  As it turns out by 3am I was out.  All gone.  TWENTY CIGARETTES in a mere four hours!  Well, I'd budgeted well, I had just enough Baht to get myself to the airport (in fact I was one Baht short) and I got on the plane for my 15 hour flight.  No cigs.  No alcohol (damned Aeroflot).  Since being back in the UK I have not smoked one cigarette.  I have not desired one cigarette.  I have not even flirted with the idea of buying a pouch of my favourite Cutters Choice.  

Now look, I have been smoking sweet MaryJane for a good few years, and I don't know if this has had an impact, maybe has abated my need for a cigarette.  Granted there is tobacco in our British joints, but the way my friends and I roll, its probably about 5-10% tobacco.  Divide that between the three or four of us that share the spliff, that's not even one cigarette.  Is that why I'm not smoking?  I even went on a night out and met my old friend Mandy.  We all know how we like to smoke with Mandy.  But I didn't cave, I didn't smoke.  

Now what I want to know from all of you, is have any of you managed to quit something just like that? Have you just had an internal switch? Why is it that some can just stop and not look back and other take years and years?  

For those of you who are trying to quit, my advice - just do it.  Self control is the answer.  Change your habits - don't put yourself in the situations when you'd usually spark up.  For me it was always waiting for a bus; or getting out of the cinema.  After a meal, or maybe when I was tired of listening to the repetitive House music that was pounding my ears.  Find something else.  Read a book, a magazine.  Phone your mum or that friend you've been meaning to catch up on.  

Maybe this doesn't work for everyone.  But good luck!
