Day 2 of Quitting on First Serious Attempt

I've smoked since I was about 15 and now I'm 32. I have always been on the heavier side of smoking, 1-2 packs per day depending on anxiety/stress levels. I've always used it to 'relax', deal with stress, anxiety, a crutch to 'get me through' some hard and sad times (parents died during my teenage years, was depressed, scared, alone) 

I read the Carr book in the past and it was good, but at the time I wasn't ready to quit. This time I made an appt. with a hypnotherapist and decided to really try because it's time. I'm about to start working in a health field and I'm sick of my day revolving around it and having something control me. 

So far, it hasn't been as horrible as I thought it may be, but I'm definitely having some cravings and a lot of activities are triggering wanting to smoke. I did nothing at all yesterday, but today I puffed on an ecig a few times. 

I am not having lots of anxiety like I usually do in general, and as I thought I would have around quitting. I think the hypnosis really helped with the anxiety all around. The strange part is that I am very weepy and keep bursting into tears. I'm also a bit listless and I feel I can't concentrate very well right now. I think all of these things are normal, but it is weird. My brain keeps trying to trick me into giving in. I'm hoping after tomorrow that starts to settle down. 

I get acupuncture regularly and I have an appointment tomorrow I'm looking forward to. I know treatment will help me get through this faster, process these buried emotions that are surfacing, and kick start the healing and curb the cravings. 

Also, I've taken a niacin supplement when the cravings are strong and it really helped to tone them down to almost nil. The niacin flush is a bit annoying, but it's so cold right now that it feels good to be warm and have that satiation. Just be careful because too much niacin can harm your liver. A few 100 mg per day for awhile seems ok though. 

Thanks for listening, thanks for your posts, thanks for your support. I'm hoping I can stick with this and see it through. Your stories are inspiring and motivating me to power through these initial first steps. Any advice, tips, etc. appreciated!