Day 78, never thought I'd be here again...

Hey all, im 28 years old and picked up smoking around age 16-17 while I was ditching school and hanging out at the mall with all the other local riff raff... 

I didn't know this sub existed til today, found it while I was going through random subs, and I just wanted to contribute my story to the struggle.

I can't remember a day without smoking cigarettes, I know I started a bit older, although not by much, than other smokers.. (a friend of mine started when she was 14) but I can't even remember what it feels like to not have worn down lungs that are so used to having toxins introduced on a daily basis. Smoking cigarettes always bothered me even while I smoked, from the second I first lit the thing til the bitter end when I crushed it into the ground and considered lighting up another one just for good measure.

It wasn't the smell or the idea that this would give me cancer and kill me..What bothered me most of all was the act of it, actually inhaling the smoke and the CO, and other chemicals that come with those little sticks of joy, into my lungs that caused me to hate everything about smoking.

One morning I woke up with really bad breathing problems (after a looooong night of drinking and smoking a pack and a half) that lasted for a couple of days and it really scared the shit out of me..I didn't wanna be a person who struggled to breathe or had to take deep breaths in the middle of speaking just to get a point across.

So after that point I dropped the pack I had (still half full) and just quit. I struggled for the first week but I kept pushing telling myself one more day, one more day... I actually kept the half pack in my room for the first 2-3 weeks but didn't smoke from them.. I couldn't let them go... Then one day I woke up and just said "this is stupid, my whole life is centered around this stupid box" so I gave them away (I know I should have thrown them away but my friend really wanted a cigarette so I said "here you can have this pack").

Anyway, long story short (too late), if you wanna quit, quit. Don't smoke today, then tomorrow...don't smoke tomorrow, and so on and so forth... take it one day at a time and don't give in... Just one more day, that's all it takes..

Also, I'm sure most of you are aware (for those who drink and smoke, and I guess for those who don't) if you're quitting, stay away from booze for awhile, this was my biggest downfall, having a few beers with the guys, they go outside to have a smoke and you follow suit. There's nothing more delicious than a smoke after having a few, and i feel i even kinda trained myself to do this.. This has been the hardest part: going out to a bar or a party and not lighting up. If you find yourself in this situation find ways to distract yourself, make new friends who aren't smoking especially girls (im a guy who likes girls so whichever your fancy) who aren't smoking... I found this helped because, first, I would be distracted by said girls in meeting someone new, and second, by taking a chance she doesn't like smoke anyway so you won't be as tempted to smoke in an effort to impress her..


Just my two cents, and in danger of sounding too cheesy (sorry for those lactose intolerants) you can do anything you set your mind to, don't sell yourself short and remember, just take it one day at a time. Plus finding lots of healthy and positive distractions is always a big help.

tl;dr quit smoking 78 days ago and still going strong by taking it one day at a time, replacing w/ constructive & positive outlets and hitting on non-smoking but smokin hot women.