This is what 4 months smoke free can do for you...

This post is for all of you first day/week folks. When I quit smoking on March 10, just shy of 4 months ago, I clung to this sub like a baby to its security blanket, looking for posts that would inspire me and keep me motivated. Which was basically all of them. Fantastic sub. Anyway...as the title says, I want to encourage you all by letting you know exactly what my life looks like now, just barely 4 months after quitting. I needed these kinds of posts in my first smoke free days bec I wanted proof from real people, not books or google, about why I was giving up something that I thought I loved. For reference, I’m a 37F who smoked almost 15 years. 

Before I quit smoking:
Simple movements caused shortness of breathe and chest pains and I was genuinely concerned. My blood pressure was high, my legs felt tight from poor circulation, and I was depressed, lethargic, and pretty much in a perpetual state of the blues. Partying in my 20’s kept me delusional about smoking, immortality and all lol, but in my 30’s that shit got real. Mortality hit. I allowed myself to gain 50 pounds in the last 5 years, and for someone who used to be the life of the party and super active and athletic etc, I was in the pits. Fat, lazy, antisocial. Depression was so deep that I barely cared about anything that used to bring me joy. Avoided family bec they disapprove of smoking and shame me to the core of I so much as smelled of smoke. Missed basically every family event bec I chose smoking. Drank a ton of beer. Drinking and smoking were my escape from the miserable reality I created for myself. I did both as much as I possibly could. I stayed functional for work, but my home life was just cig after cig and waiting for Friday pm for my first drink of my usual wknd bender. Every Sunday hungover. Throat always hurt. Always short of breathe. Always ANXIOUS about something but never knew what? Jumpy. Nervous. So tired. Teeth yellow. Breath always tasted like a bird crapped in my mouth, no matter how often I brushed my teeth. Cotton mouth. Stinky hair and clothes. Co start feeling of shame and overwhelming guilt that I couldn’t pinpoint. 

That was only 4 months ago. 3 months and 20 days, to be exact. 

This is now:
Running 2 miles straight. Doing 40-60 min cardio. Going to the gym for strength training 4-6 times per wk. I can RUN and my legs feel like they’ve busted out of an iron cast.  My blood pressure is loads better. I can feel the pressure falling off of my lungs and chest. I’ve lost 18 pounds. I’m eating CLEAN and not bec it was my goal to “diet”, it’s solely bec that’s what my body craves and wants. I’ve quit drinking entirely...this was another accidental quit that I wasn’t even planning...I just don’t want to drink anymore. It stopped making sense to me. No more poison. I’ve picked up several hobbies that I had shelved for the last 10 years and am enjoying them immensely. I laugh without forcing it. Smile for no reason. My head never hurts. I don’t feel dizzy if I bend over too quickly to pick up something off the floor or to tie my shoe. I sleep better. No more snoring (verified by my SO). Hanging out with my family at least once a week. I smell fantastic. Skin is glowing. Teeth bright. Going to Scotland in October with my saved money from not smoking. Getting ready to go back to school next year to become a licensed vet tech (I’ve worked in a veterinary clinic for forever, I just never could get motivated enough to go back to school for state license...was too depressed and lazy). Depression has broken. Mental clarity has happened...this is perhaps the biggest change. No more brain fog. I’ve found my “wit” and sense of humor again, without the help of booze. My anxiety is all but gone. No more paranoia. I operate with the speed of 5 times my former selves at work, and make far fewer mistakes. Feeling alive for the first time in years. Truly feel like I have been given a second chance at life. 

This is ONLY 4 MONTHS SMOKE FREE. IMAGINE 4 MORE. AND 4 MORE. 

I implore you all...please please give yourself the chance to feel like this. I’m not even close to being out of the woods but I know I will NEVER smoke again. This feels too incredible. I go outside daily and breathe in the fresh air and smell flowers and leaves and I literally PLAY in nature, giggling at birds and squirrels and woodland critters and my eyes well up in tears of pure wonderment at times. Sounds stupid, but I don’t care! I feel like a kid and I love it! Call me hippie dippie if you want, but u can’t call me a miserable old hag anymore! Lol

Did quitting suck that first month? Hell yeah it did. I forced myself daily to walk and breathe and endure. I promise you that it stops. The pain and remorse and agony of quitting GOES AWAY. Just have to give it time. Pure and honest time. So please, you first day and first week non smokers...keep going. Get to your first breakthrough. It will suck getting there but GET THERE. You will absolutely not regret it. No one regrets quitting smoking. 

Thanks for reading and I hope it helps someone 🙂 it helps me just to keep reading and posting on this sub, although it’s much less than I used to. It’s so important those first few weeks and months and I appreciate this whole community ❤️ could NOT have done it without y’all ☮️