4.5 Days Sober

I think it helps to see tobacco use for what it really is - a drug addiction, not a habit.

I can't remember how many times I crushed up a pack or emptied a can, and went to bed thinking "Tomorrow I'll wake up with an 8 hour head start." It never worked.

I'm deployed to Iraq and the shoppette runs out of dip for days at a time. Rather than keep facing that stress I just decided to quit. I took all the money out of my account, and me and another guy started our journey.

Day 1 was upsetting. A future without tobacco seemed so bleak and lonely. How do people deal with stress without tobacco? How do they commemorate happy times without tobacco? How do they watch a movie or look at the sunset or just sit around without tobacco? By the end of the night I was feeling upset and went straight to bed.

Day 2 started great but within an hour the cravings came. Even worse was the general malaise and depression. All we could do was space out and hope it would subside. We'd dip coffee grounds and tea leaves but I don't recommend it.

Day 3 was when I came closest to breaking. We kept discussing how maybe one dip wouldn't hurt, or maybe we'd buy a few packs and try cutting down, how this was such a bad time to start and we should wait til were back home. With a lot of sleep and sunflower seeds we made it through.

I'm finishing up day 4. I still think "It'd be sure nice to have a dip or a smoke", and I had one craving that really required me to suppress, but nothing truly tested my resolve. I do feel weird and light-headed, but that's ok. Interestingly I've only been able to sleep a few hours each night but I think that will even out. I still get that "pop in a dip" instinct when I daydream about playing video games or driving, and I still get excited to have a cigarette after dinner or when I wake up. But it's nothing I can't handle. I just need to remind myself that that's not a part of my life anymore.

For 11 years I smoked or dipped. At my worst it was 2 cans a day (nicotine equal to about 48 cigarettes a day), and if I didn't want to dip I'd just crush cigarettes all day. I have terrible willpower and always enjoy spoiling myself. But I think if I can do it, anyone can.