Here we go for the hundredth time.

I thought I almost had it.  My quit attempts were triple digit days instead of double digits.  That happened a few times.  And whenever I slipped up, it wouldn't be more than a week or two before I jumped back on the horse.

But last last attempt sucked.  It only lasted from a Monday until a Saturday night.  The drinking always gets me.  

I thought I'd just quit quitting for a while.  Until something was different.  Until I found a new reason.  But it's only been a few weeks.  And I have a rare opportunity for an actual weekend.

Off today and monday.  And I know I won't smoke today.  The hangover this morning made it easy to commit to a leisurely day of rest and relaxation. 

And I know I won't smoke tomorrow.  And I'll finally get my ass back in the gym.  That's traditionally been my motivation.  My desire to be fit and be healthy.   

But I'm sure the week will be crazy.  And I'll want one but I won't smoke.  But I'm not so optimistic about Saturday night.  And even if I make it through this weekend, what about the next one, or the one after?

And then I'll stop on a monday.  Saying it was an isolated incident.  And then slowly I will fall back down the rabbit hole.

I need to find some extra motivation.  I don't have it.  Yet.  But.  That's my goal for the week.  To find something to hold onto.  To find a way to make it work.

I ain't old.  I ain't young.  I'm single and unattached.  But.  I'm 28.  And I've been smoking since I was little.  And it certainly would be something I'd like to accomplish.  The stopping.

But unfortunately it is engrained in my psyche.  And I struggle with it.  But.  I've read the Carr.   Maybe I'll try the gimmicky pavlock and pretend I buy into the theory that electroshock therapy can cure me.  lol.

I've never tried Chantix.  But.  I don't think that'll help.  Not for me.  I know how to quit.  I'm just unconvinced of my ability to stop forever. 

But.  I guess like all addicts I just have to do the work and take it one day at a time.  Gross.