I thought I had it this time :(

But true to form, drinking and debauchery led to my downfall once again.

I hate cigarettes.  All they do is break me down.  I want back that empowered feeling I had when I quit smoking.  The feeling that if I could take control of a powerful addiction like smoking, I could do anything I wanted in this world.

My quit was so different this time.  I read the book.  I took the entire month of April off of drinking.  All i did was work. I was working 80 hour weeks for a month straight just to keep me out of trouble. I thought I had it. 

But I was so sloppy all weekend. It was my first weekend of fun in a month.  And man was it awesome!  I feel like my friends and I do it up better than just about anyone.

But in moments of weakness I snuck some cigarettes.  They were so nice when I was drunk.  Like an old friend.  But this friend won't fucking leave when I want him too.  He just hangs around.  Because this morning driving home from this chicks house... guess what I did?  That's right... I got some fucking mcdonalds breakfast.  And it was delicious.  But that other thing I did... buying that pack of smokes and burning not one, but two cigarettes this morning to help ease the monday morning hangover.  I wasn't happy about that.  I know I'll be back to being good again tomorrow.  I just can't cope with today without my little crutch.

And I know i'll be fine for the next week and a half... because all i'll be doing is working.  But what happens after that?  When I go to Vegas for 5 days?  How will I have the resolve to not smoke this time when I'm shit faced?   I can't help but feel like at some point, sooner rather than later my will to quit will be surpassed by my desire to let my addiction win.  And then I'm back to smoking a pack of red's a day.  And I sure as shit don't want to be back in that place again.  I spent 11 years in that place.   I hate it.
I deserve better than that.   But I'm just so damn weak... Just at this one thing.  I hate it.   I can't just put them down for good.

I FUCKING HATE the power / control cigarettes have over my life.  What can I do differently?

I feel like my only options are to completely give up my social life / fun in general or to give up quitting smoking.  And that's a shitty fucking choice to have to make. 