2 weeks free today. I'm done.

I’ve been a lurker here for a long time.  One of the things that has helped me is reading about the variety of different situations people are in and the different approaches people have used to quit.

There’s no right answer it seems. So I have read and read in order to find the things that were right for me. And at this point I feel like I'm done. Something in my core tells me that. Since my story is a little different I thought it would be helpful to detail what worked for me.

I’m 47 and smoked for 30 years. I have no other vices. I don’t drink, I don’t do drugs, I eat well, and I exercise regularly. I’m well educated, I have a great job. I have no stress in my life (money, marital or otherwise). None of my friends smoke and my family never smoked. I have no good excuse to smoke. And I’ve had no reason to not quit. I don’t even consider myself to be a "smoking type".

And yet, smoking was my vice; a pack a day without fail. I tried to quit over 50 times. 100 times? Most of these were completely pathetic. I’d rip up a box of cigarettes and 5 minutes later I’d be fishing around garbage bins for the broken off ends. My quit attempts bordered on being silly. 95% of them ended within 5 hours. 5 hours!! I’d read about how people had quit for weeks or months and I remember thinking I can’t even fail on that level. I’m really never going to quit. I don’t have it in me. I’m a special case. I’m a failure in this regard.

The worst thing about smoking for me was really the embarrassment.  The money wasn’t an issue.  Even after 25 years I haven’t had any overt ill physical effects. But admitting I smoked to anyone was an act of severe shame. How could I be so stupid? Why can’t I quit? Didn’t I have my life together? It was cringeworthy to admit this horrible mistake I’d made. And not being able to quit for more than 5 minutes just added to the pathetic nature of the situation. I have great willpower in other areas of my life whether its diet or school or job. But with cigarettes I understood the deep hold the addiction had on me.

I did end up quitting. It’s been only 2 weeks. I thought about writing this on day 2 but that would seem arrogant. But I’m done. I feel it deeply. If someone gave me a cigarette and said it was healthy or it wouldn’t give me cancer I still wouldn’t smoke it. I am like the person I was before I had ever had my first cigarette. Not an ex-smoker. I see myself as a non-smoker. I have few cravings and they are almost not worth mentioning. 

In the hope of giving back to this forum and maybe providing hope to those of you who have smoked forever and tried to quit many times like me, this is what worked:

1. Allen Carr’s book. While this didn’t work for me after reading it, it did implant the framework for understanding how silly smoking is. I mentally lean on this framework when I get the occasional craving. I pooh-poohed this book because I’m not susceptible to pep talks and praise and mind influence. But that’s not what this book is. It’s just laying out bare how ridiculous smoking is. We all know this. But if you’re like me, you’ve hidden these things away in a quiet crevice of your mind.

2. This might be the most important one for me. I focused intensely on the activity of smoking. I didn’t relax and chill and smoke a cigarette like I normally would. I would focus intently on the 5-10 minutes of smoking. I focused on how the cigarette smelled and tasted. How the smoke felt going down and into my lungs. How it made me feel on multiple levels such as my energy, my happiness, my apathy. This more than anything else made me realize how unpleasant smoking is. And it started a new habit of associating the act of smoking with something I disliked.

3. I started my quit while on vacation with my family. This eliminated the routine of my life and the obvious triggers for me to smoke. It took me out of my routine.

4. I’m hyper-aware that cravings come at unpredictable moments. I have a very set plan of what I do when a craving comes that I wrote down and put into my wallet. It’s so silly and complicated that I need to pull the paper out. It involves repeating some phrases and doing a funny dance and on and on. With any craving I pull this paper out and begin. At some point during one of the steps the craving is gone and I put it back into my wallet and get about my day. I used this daily for the first few days but I haven't pulled it out once this week. No cravings.

5. Finally the use of mobile apps and the daily reading of this forum help me. I see people being successful and also struggling and I continue to try to learn from everyone else’s experience. The apps also help me pat myself on the back for small little victories.

Hopefully some of this will help a few of you. Maybe those of you who consider yourselves lost causes like I once thought I was.
