Before You Light That Cigarette

I thought that maybe it might be a good idea to write something that can be copied and printed. Then anyone can carry it with them in case they get an urge to smoke.That way they can read it before that act on the urge. You can write your own, but I thought I'd write out a general version.
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------


(insert your name here), are you thinking about smoking a cigarette? Are you thinking that you're going to light that cigarette and all your problems are going to just wash away and all will be perfect with the world?

Before you light that cigarette (insert your name here), think it through. Right now, you're building a fantasy in your mind of what that cigarette will be like as you light it and start to smoke it, but really think about it. Do you really think that cigarette is going to live up to these great expectations that you're building up in your mind?

In past quits where you smoked again. Did that cigarette ever live up to those great expectations before or did it just cause you to fall back into the grip of addiction?

Why would this cigarette be any different? A cigarette is a cigarette. It cannot be anything else but what it is. It cannot change. It cannot become a better cigarette. It cannot become a more compassionate cigarette. It cannot become a better friend than before. It can only be what it has always been and always will be.....your obstacle to FREEDOM!!

Even any illusion of relief or pleasure that you might feel while smoking that cigarette will most likely be as quickly ripped away after the last drag and you extinguish it, as it was there while you were smoking it.

Then what will you be left with? Regret? Anger? Disappointment? Depression? An empty unfulfilled feeling and possibly a need for another one?

A cigarette will never fix the world. It will never make your day better. If anything, it will ruin that day and quite possibly the next day and so on.

(insert your name here), there may be times when you will have thoughts for a cigarette. There may be moments in life when things go bad and you may have a strong urge for a cigarette.

But think it through. While you may want "a cigarette", that is not the reality of smoking. It's not about smoking "a cigarette". It's about HAVING to smoke the tens of thousands if not hundreds of thousands of cigarettes that will follow. You couldn't control your smoking before and you won't be able to control you smoking now. You smoked because you HAD to smoke and if you start smoking again it will be because you HAVE to smoke.

Nicotine is an addiction that can never be satisfied. There will always be a need for another cigarette.

There may be moments when you want a cigarette, but moments always pass. Always.

While you may have an occasional thought or urge to smoke due to certain people. places, or situations. That is infinitely better than the constant NEED to smoke in any situation.

For as long as you DON'T smoke, your thoughts or urges to smoke will lessen and lessen, but a smoker's NEED to smoke will never lessen. If anything, as long as they smoke, the need to smoke will be there.


So for today, you choose NOT to smoke.

KEEP CHOOSING FREEDOM (insert you name here)!!!!!