Smoking Won't Change Anything

 This is a topic that was on my mind today that I'd like to re-visit. It isn't to make anyone feel bad, but I think this is so important to truly understand in order to not only free ourselves from the chains of the physical addiction, but also our own psychological prison.



  I'm sure that most of us have heard the saying that smoking won't change anything. I've said it many times myself. It's something that is usually said to someone who is having a bad day, who is under stress or feeling depressed and is thinking about smoking a cigarette.

But I started thinking about that statement that smoking won't change anything. If smoking won't change anything then smoking a cigarette would actually be pretty harmless, but it isn't. It is far from harmless.

Sadly, the truth is. Smoking a cigarette can change everything. I'll give an example from my own experience.



  The quit before this one, I had gone a few weeks without smoking. I remember during that time telling people that I didn't think I felt any better since I quit. Then one day I was at work. I was having a terrible day and nothing seemed to be going right. I was getting more and more frustrated until finally I asked my co-worker for a cigarette (we could smoke on the job then).



  I remember having all of these expectations that this cigarette was going to bring me. My world was falling apart and this cigarette was going to save me and make the world right again. And I remember lighting that cigarette anticipating that "Aaahhh" sensation of relief it was going to bring me, but something else happened.



  As the overwhelming rush of nicotine came back into my bloodstream, my vision started to narrow as if contracting. I started to feel dizzy and kind of nauseous. My heart started racing and I felt shaky. What happened?!! This is not what I signed up for! It's not what I expected to happen. And yet I continued to smoke that cigarette forcing in that dry foul smoke into my lungs. It got to the point that I was literally down on one knee trying to get my bearings after smoking that cigarette. I was dizzy and my head was swimming that I was trying to gain my composure.



  And not only did I experience these physical effects, but psychologically it felt as if everything was contracting. I've described this before as if someone threw a heavy wet blanket of depression on top of me.



  After extinguishing that cigarette, I was just left with regret and anger with my mind swimming as to why I just did what I did. I felt horrible both mentally and physically. Though during the time I had quit I stated that I didn't feel any better, that moment I smoked that cigarette I realized just how much I did feel without realizing it.   

 Even after smoking that cigarette and having a feeling of self loathing settling in, within a short amount of time I asked my co-worker for another cigarette and then another, until I finally just snuck across the street to the mini mart and bought a pack.



  That day I thought that cigarette was going to save me. I thought it was going to make the world right again. I thought it was going to make that day so much better. But what I found out was that cigarette not only ruined that day for me, but many days following that one. It took me about 2 years to get enough courage up to try and quit again. I went from being free from smoking to another 2 years in the grip of addiction because of that one cigarette. Thankfully this time I got educated and made this one stick.



Never underestimate what one cigarette can do. It can change everything. 

If you think I'm overstating that.  Remember, it was because of the decision to smoke one cigarette that eventually brought every single one of us to this board in the first place.


Keep choosing Freedom!


Eric

I smoked my last cigarette on July 4th 2004