Are You Missing Smoking?

Do you sometimes feel that you miss smoking?

Sometimes after a person initially quits. After they have overcome the withdrawal, after they have gotten through the wave of craves, as they start to feel physically and mentally better and they have overcome many smoking triggers, the person usually finds themselves in a place of transition.

No longer are they battling the craves day to day. No longer do they have triggers constantly reminding them of a cigarette and maybe also, the shine and excitement of quitting is starting to wear off a little bit.

Now it's just seems time to get on with life and sometimes the person can be left wondering, " Huh, is that it?"

This can also leave the person wondering, "What is really my identity now. Where do I go from here? I have been a smoker for so long, now I am not sure what or who I really am",  and this transition can sometimes be just as scary as it was when we first quit smoking, because the feeling of permanence is very real while at the same time feeling there is no anchor to who you are. 

Quit smoking experts tell you to write down reasons that you want to quit and make a list. This can be very helpful when we first quit smoking. There is certainly nothing wrong with doing this, but surprisingly there can be a downside to this. These things will probably start to happen as time goes on. The craves will diminish. The thoughts will diminish. The person may be able to breathe better. No longer will they stink like a cigarette. They may have more energy. They may have more money. They can lose their smoking cough, etc. etc.

And so what happens when these things from the list the person wrote down start happening? The person can tend to forget what smoking was like, what it really was like. They can start to forget how they use to feel when they were smokers and they might just start focusing on some of the "good" memories when they were smokers.

Maybe it is a memory of lounging on their deck in the summertime with a nice cool drink, just relaxing the day away. Maybe they were on vacation and remember being on the beach with  a cigarette, without a care in the world at that moment.

But whatever the memory is. The problem is that the person starts to focus on this fantasy of smoking a cigarette and stops seeing smoking as it really was.

It's very hard to compete with a few particular fond memories of smoking, when the person is trying to quit smoking, because when you remember smoking as only a few great memories, it doesn't make smoking seem all that bad.

This can make the person feel like they miss smoking and feel deprived that they no longer "get" to smoke.

BUT THAT IS NOT THE REALITY OF SMOKING.

YOU HAVE TO LOOK AT SMOKING AS IT REALLY WAS AND NOT HOW YOU WANT TO REMEMBER IT.

Step back from the few particular "good" memories of smoking and look at the big picture and ask yourself, "What do I miss about smoking?"

Do you miss HAVING to smoke from the time you wake up to the time you go to bed. Do you miss having to smoke day in and day out, week in and week out, month in and month out, year in and year out, simply  to keep the anxieties of withdrawal at bay?

Do you miss the coughing or the feeling that you're out of breath doing the most simplest tasks? Do you miss spending your hard earned money so that you can simply, slowly commit suicide?

Do you miss the stench on your clothes from smoking or the feeling of being a social leper in society for being a smoker?

Do you miss the yellow stain on your fingers from all those cigarettes? Do you miss having ashtray breath? Do you miss the fact that you will no longer "get" to smoke those tens if not hundreds of thousands of cigarettes if you had remained a smoker?

Do you miss being social with your smoking friends? Do you envy the fact that they "get" to smoke and you don't?

I'm not trying to be a wise guy asking these questions. But these questions need to be asked if you're missing smoking, because most likely, you're not missing smoking as a whole, but just some particular memories of a few cigarettes and again..

THAT IS NOT THE REALITY OF SMOKING. IT IS THE FANTASY OF SMOKING.

You're not depriving yourself of smoking. You're not depriving yourself of a few "enjoyable" cigarettes. You are ridding yourself of HAVING to smoke the tens of thousands and quite possibly hundreds of thousands of cigarettes that you would HAVE to smoke if you remained a smoker.

You didn't "get" to smoke when you were a smoker and you won't ever "get" to smoke if you go back to being a smoker. 

YOU WILL HAVE TO SMOKE.

Not smoking is never going to be as good as the fantasy of smoking "a" cigarette, but if you act on that fantasy. You will most likely see just how false and devastating that fantasy really is. 

This post isn't to make anyone feel bad for having these thoughts to smoke either. Almost all people quitting go through this transitional moment, where they start reflecting on their old lives as smokers and feel a bit of nostalgia of that old life, but the point is to bring back focus on the big picture of smoking and not fixate on the small picture of one cigarette.

You didn't "get" to smoke. You HAD to smoke and you had to do it day in and day out for years and most likely decades. Smoking was a beast that could never be satisfied. The next cigarette was never enough. There would always be a need for another one.

While you may have a hand full of good memories of smoking or maybe more. They pale in comparison to the tens  if not hundreds of thousands of cigarettes that you don't remember smoking, and yet you did.

Besides, those good memories and times that you remember. You enjoyed yourself DESPITE smoking and NOT because of it. You simply HAD to carry the burden of smoking around with you and CONSTANTLY HAD to smoke to relieve the anxieties so that you could get on with enjoying your life.

Just remember, an occasional thought or urge to smoke in a particular situation is infinitely better than the constant need to smoke in any situation.

Keep Choosing Freedom!



Eric



I smoked my last cigarette on July 4th 2004