Craves or Life's Stress?

A lot of times when people first quit, they feel that quitting smoking is about fighting off your addiction for the rest of your life. That you just learn to get used to dealing with your craves.

This feeling is usually reinforced when a person is weeks, months or longer into their quit and a stressful situation happens to them. They might end up having very strong thoughts of smoking a cigarette. They might actually feel that they are having a physical crave for a cigarette.

This can make a person feel like quitting is forever and this can make quitting seem daunting and feel very hard to do, which can cause feelings of despair for the person quitting.

I want to share with you with what I think are two very valuable pieces of information that will help dispel this very popular misconception about smoking and quitting.
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

RELIEVING THE FALSE ANXIETY

There's a bit more to this, but when a smoker smokes a cigarette. Nicotine enters the brain mimicking the neurotransmitter acetylcholine. This enables nicotine to reach the reward center of the brain where it releases large amounts of unearned dopamine. This is where the smoker gets that AAAHHHH sensation we are all so familiar with. But what happens when nicotine starts to metabolize and leave the body? Nicotine also has the ability to fit the smoker's adrenaline locks, as the effects of nicotine diminishes, the smoker is then left with anxieties that are the same as if in a fight or flight situation. It is a false anxiety though. It is a lie. There is no outside danger creating this. It is only the brain and body being fooled into thinking that something is wrong.

A smoker then smokes a cigarette which temporarily relieves the fight or flight response. This temporarily puts a smoker back to a distorted homeostasis. This is a false sense of accomplishment though. This is the cruel trick, because smokers are temporarily achieving a state of calmness by relieving the withdrawal anxieties that the previous cigarette created. An anxiety that should have never been there in the first place!! In other words, the smoker is not really achieving anything at all!!



* side note: While nicotine may cause the brain to release dopamine, this is not really a positive, because the brain needs to try and keep a balance. Since it cannot regulate the foreign poison, the only other option is too turn down its own ability to naturally release dopamine. The brain then becomes like a child being at the mercy of their parents for an allowance. Nicotine hijacked the smoker's own neurotransmitters and fooled the smoker into believing it is solving the very problem that it itself created! It truly is a cruel joke.  

In reality the Aaahhhh sensation is an illusion for nicotine addiction is based on the negative reinforcement principle.  . For the nicotine addict must experience withdrawal anxiety from the previous cigarette to feel the Aaahhhh sensation of relief that they get from the current cigarette that they are smoking.  


---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

THE ILLUSION OF RELIEVING STRESS

When people, (smokers and non smokers), are under stress. This causes a physiological acidic event. To the non smoker this is a non issue, but to the smoker, this reaction becomes a serious issue.



  Nicotine is an alkaloid and the effects of stress, being an acidic producing event, causes nicotine to be pulled from the bloodstream at an accelerated rate.  This will quickly put the smoker into withdrawal. So now not only is the smoker under stress because of a certain place, person, situation, but they now have the compounded issue of going into withdrawal at the same time. This doubles the anxieties that the smoker is now dealing with. So the active smoker then smokes a cigarette and relieves the anxieties from withdrawal. The smoker then "feels better" and then thinks that smoking helped "relieve" their stress. All  it actually did was relieve the anxieties from withdrawal. The original problem is still there, but now the smoker is able to deal with it, because they don't have their minds preoccupied with the compounded issue of drug withdrawal on top of the initial stress. Now they are (hopefully) able to focus on resolving the problem.

The problem is that the smoker has performed this "stress relieving" ritual for so long that they don't differentiate the difference between relieving drug withdrawal and relieving stress. They have become brainwashed into thinking that smoking relieves stress.
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

You may ask, why is this important to know after I quit smoking? I am no longer doing this to myself.

The reason I think that it is so important to know this is, because a smoker has lived their life like this for years and most likely decades. You may have quit smoking, but your subconscious mind is still playing catch up. Years of addiction have created many many association triggers and it will take time to reboot the system so to speak. 



Also consider this. Dopamine is a type of "pay attention to this" chemical. A person can release dopamine whether making love or getting attacked by a shark. So each time a person smokes, the mind is being taught or reinforced to pay attention to that particular moment.



 For years and most likely decades, when the smoker's nicotine serum level got too low, this created an anxiety. After a certain amount of time of relieving this anxiety by smoking a cigarette, their subconscious began to automatically associate this anxiety with smoking a cigarette.  

The same thing happened when the smoker was under stress. Not only did stress cause the smoker to lose nicotine at an accelerated rate, which put them into withdrawal, thus creating anxieties, stress itself also created an anxiety. This anxiety that felt very similar to the anxiety that needing a cigarette feels like. This also made the smoker's subconscious associate stress with the message "OK time to smoke now."

What is important for a person quitting to understand is, that yes, when we first quit there is withdrawal. Yes there are physical craves, then those craves turn into thoughts. Then those thoughts then turn into memories.

What can happen in a person's quit though, is that they are confronted with something that put them under stress. This can happen even months or longer after they quit smoking.

Maybe a loved one dies. Maybe they get fired from their job. Maybe their car breaks down, maybe it's as small as just a bad day at work etc, etc. This puts stress on the quitter and what this does is bring that old familiar feeling of anxiety back, both mentally and physically. This anxiety could feel just like those old crave feelings when they smoked. This in turn, makes the subconscious associate this scenario with thoughts of smoking and it pulls out its old notes and says" OK, time to smoke now."

It is important though, to realize that this is thought. Stress is causing an association trigger, that is creating this thought. It is NOT a need for nicotine.

It is important to differentiate a real crave and life's stress.

It is NOT because you are a hopeless nicotine addict that is creating this "crave". It is NOT because you will have to fight off your addiction for the rest of your life. It is not a physical need for nicotine at all.

It is only simply your subconscious mind doing it's job. It is only trying to help you feel safe and comfortable.  The problem is, it cannot really differentiate between stress and relieving nicotine withdrawal. It has been conditioned for years and most likely decades of addiction, that when it felt this anxiety for whatever reason caused it, that a cigarette would relieve it. It is only left over memories from smoking. You have to retrain your subconscious to break this association.

If you find yourself under a stressful situation and start getting thoughts of smoking. Step back and remind yourself that it is a thought. It is an association trigger. It is not a physical need. This will help your subconscious to break this association with smoking. This will also remind yourself that you are not hopeless. And also please remember to breathe deeply. Nothing exacerbates stress (whether a smoker or not) like holding one's breath or breathing quick shallow breaths. 



An easy breathing exercise to activate the parasympathetic nervous system (the calmness state) is to breathe a count of 4 breaths through the nose. Hold for 7 counts, and then breathe through the mouth for 8 counts. If breathing through the nose is difficult, through the mouth is ok. You can also purse your lips breathing in and out. 


As life goes on, we will have stress in our lives, no matter how much we try not to. It's inevitable as life goes on. It is important to realize that quitting smoking is not about fighting off your addiction for the rest of your life, but the gift of freeing yourself from your addiction for the rest of your life.

Remember, craves do NOT last forever when you quit. The only people who have these craves forever are people that don't quit smoking. 

And keep in mind that a thought to smoke due to a certain person, place, or situation is infinitely better than the NEED to smoke in any situation.


Eric



I smoked my last cigarette on July 4th 2004