....Yeah, But I'm Different

I know I sound like a broken record saying this, but......I've tried to quit smoking so many times and so many different ways that I lost count. What I seemed to learn from all of these failed quit attempts was that I was too weak to quit smoking and was just a hopeless addict. I pretty much resigned to the fact that I was probably never going to be able to quit. While I knew people who quit smoking and knew that people in general quit smoking, I always thought, "Yeah, but I'm different."



  It never seemed to be the right time either. Either I was dealing with relationship issues, or work issues, or finance issues, etc. etc. Even the place where I worked at the time that I finally quit, we could smoke on the job at any time and anywhere. So I literally had about 14 people smoking around me all day at work. How could I quit with that environment?!



  Even when I quit for the last time, for the first 2 days, I was losing my mind and having anxiety attacks and I was literally giving up on the 2nd day and decided to go to the store and buy cigarettes. Thankfully a voice told me to first go on the internet and look for some "miracle pill", and I listened. I found WhyQuit.com and I never made it to the store that day and I have never smoked another cigarette. That was over 14 years ago. 



  I'm not telling you this for congratulations or kudos, because to be honest, I'm not doing anything. I haven't "made it" to over 14 years, 14 years have simply past since I quit smoking. Not smoking is as natural as breathing, and it has been that way for a long long time. 



  I'm telling you this, because if you're a new(er) quitter and are telling yourself that you're hopeless, or you're too weak, or this is too hard, and that yeah those people can quit smoking, but that you're somehow different; I'm here to say, no you're not. In fact, as a nicotine addict, you're pretty unoriginal. 



  I have been to various quit smoking sites for years, and in those years I cannot count how many times I read people say the very same things I used to think, and I know that not even I was very original in thinking those things. 



  That is the beauty of this board. While we may be different in other aspects of our lives, when it comes to this addiction, we are very much the same. This is a place where people really understand you. They can empathize with your doubts, fears, etc. and they can offer help and advice.



  It is also a place that can help you change your mind about quitting and life after smoking. For you see, when it comes to breaking this addiction, the biggest obstacle isn't nicotine. It's not the habit of smoking or the triggers. It's you. And that's why, in my opinion, it is so important not to only change your habits and behaviors, but to change your mind. 



  You're not giving up anything by quitting smoking. This addiction is absurd! Absolutely absurd! Just to give an example of how absurd this addiction is, I still have a quit meter on my computer,and though I hardly ever look at it anymore except when talking about smoking, it says that I haven't smoked 205,765 cigarettes! 



   Now imagine if I never quit smoking. I would have smoked all of those cigarettes! And for what? To simply stave off the withdrawal symptoms that the previous cigarette created! That's absurd, because it accomplishes nothing! All those years would have been spent having to constantly smoke the next cigarette to stave off the withdrawal symptoms created by the previous cigarette and I would be sitting here now getting ready to smoke cigarette number 205,766 simply to stave off the withdrawal symptoms of cigarette number 205,765. And on and on it goes with no end in sight, because the addiction can never be satisfied. There will always be the constant need to smoke the next cigarette.



  You, the new(er) quitter might be saying, well that's easy for you to say, you already quit. To which I would reply, yes it is. It is very easy for me to say, and that's the point. Quitting is temporary! Quitting smoking and life after smoking is not about struggling the rest of your life, just hoping that you'll make it to the next benchmark and then breathing a sigh of relief when you do, only to muster up your willpower to scratch and claw your way to the next one. Because if it was about that, I guarantee you I wouldn't be sitting here writing this post. I would be off somewhere smoking. 



  Yes, we all have to deal with withdrawal, and then the craves, and the thoughts and triggers. And yes, we will all have our challenges in our lives as we're in this temporary process, because unfortunately we can't put life on hold when we quit smoking. Life goes on. But as time goes on those withdrawals become craves, and then craves become thoughts, and thoughts become memories; memories that we hold onto to remember what smoking really was like and not some fantasy that the mind tries to piece together.



  That's why if I had any advice, it would be to educate yourself about this addiction, so you can change your mind about quitting and life after quitting. You're not giving up smoking. You're getting rid of an absurd useless addiction! You didn't get to smoke as a smoker, you HAD to! Freedom doesn't lie in being at the mercy of a cigarette. Freedom doesn't lie in having to live life on nicotine's terms. Freedom lies in being able to live your life, both the good and the bad without the need to smoke and on your terms, not nicotine's. 



   Remember, craves do not last forever. The only people who will have craves forever are the people who don't quit smoking. And even if you have the occasional thought to smoke due to a certain person, place or situation. It is infinitely better than the constant NEED to smoke in any situation!



Keep choosing Freedom!



Eric

I smoked my last cigarette on July 4th 2004