16 Days?!

I quit smoking February 21st and have not looked back. I am a 24 year old student at the University of Central Florida and this is what I'm doing to keep strong. 

*Educating myself on the many diseases that come along with smoking. Their are numerous ways of dying in the world and smoking is probably one of the worst ways to go. For example, cancer can form in all these organs. Literally look one up and you'll cringe. I did this until I was completely sick of it. Look at pictures and read stories of people who are suffering because that person could be you in the next 15, 10 or even 5 years. 


(Organs effected)
Bladder
Blood (acute myeloid leukemia)
Cervix
Colon and rectum (colorectal)
Esophagus
Kidney and ureter
Larynx
Liver
Oropharynx (includes parts of the throat, tongue, soft palate, and the tonsils)
Pancreas
Stomach
Trachea, bronchus, and lung

Secondly, YOU MUST BE SELF-MOTIVATED! I have to be extremely discipline. The thought process I use for this is I will say "NO!" when I want, see, smell, and think about cigarettes. I told myself I must never posses and let myself be in the position of buying cigarettes. For example, I would avoid going into gas stations.

Thirdly, I am working out more then twice a week. Does not matter how many minutes or hours you're in there. Hell, I went to the gym and just walked on the treadmill. As long as your physically active your discipline will last longer. 

More great tips would be to have people who you don't brag to, but let them know how far along you are. I've only told someone I quit smoking when I passed a week of being tobacco-free. Just so I wouldn't over hype it and think rationally about it so I wouldn't over glorify myself. I think of myself being a very weak person and I CANNOT even think about wanting it because I will relapse. I do this instead of acting like strong person who can do anything and  "just have one cigarette" with a friend. This makes me more cautious and I feel like a stronger person for avoiding the substance.  

Additionally, Keep track! In my daily planner I have the the days  I am smoke-free I checked off. I look at the days in chucks. So each week I congratulate myself with something I love. This way I won't look to far ahead or far behind because 7 days feels like a huge accomplishment each time. 

If you made it this far in reading my post, Thanks! But lastly knowing what stresses you out helped me out a lot. When I knew what stressed me I put more concentration on thinking about how smoking is not going to fix my problems but aid making me sick. My biggest stressors are school and my family. I would tell myself every time a problem came up to lets the sensation pass and listen to it and tell it "NO!" 

So this is it guys, this is what's been working for me so far. Please talk to me and let me know what's been working for you guys! :D