Mental illness helped me to quit

This may sound strange, and probably won't provide much hope for quitting (initially), but I needed a place to share this.

I smoked for a decade. My 18th birthday, the first thing I did was buy a pack of camel menthols, a porno mag, and a scratch off. Since then it was a pack a day.

Working in restaurants in my late teens / early twenties didn't help. In that environment, at that age, it's hard not to smoke. I hid it from all close friends and my girlfriend - who I'm still with btw. I wanted to quit years ago, always thinking that I had to quit before any adverse health conditions arose, but also convinced that I had plenty of time before any would show. 

At a certain point, I decided only to smoke while driving, limiting myself to about 6-12 cigs a day. This went on for a few years. Then, due to events entirely outside my control, I became deeply depressed and turned more than ever to stimulants like nicotine and caffeine, etc. I was smoking more than I ever had.

In February of this year, I started suffering from panic attacks. They kept coming as a response to shortness of breath and chest pains. Anxiety developed into full blown panic disorder, and smoking was making the anxiety worse. These panic attacks would only happen while in a car.

In late March, I had a string of bad attacks and was hospitalized. My fight or flight response was causing adrenaline issues and hyperventilation. I couldn't drive without having a panic attack. That series of attacks was triggered specifically by the inability to control my breathing after smoking a few cigarettes. So, I quit that day, March 25th, which was good, but I'd developed a bit of a phobia of driving.

No driving meant relying on the people I'd been hiding my smoking from to get around. That made it easier to avoid. Doctor and my new therapist sure were happy to hear it. However, my lungs weren't happy about it at first.

Now, forty or so days later, the withdrawal symptoms have pretty much cleared up. I can taste and smell better, my heartbeat isn't so thunderous. I haven't quite reached the point where my breathing or circulation have improved tremendously, but all the random pings and pangs in my body, not to mention that raw tingling sensation in my lower throat, have all passed. I also don't find myself struggling to catch my breath as much anymore.

Of course, when I see people smoking or I smell cigarettes, it's appealing, but it's astonishing how much better I feel only a month away from them.

I acknowledge I had an odd string of events lead me to quit, but I think there's a universal quality to it.

I had an extremely negative thing impact my life, something I'm still dealing with - panic disorder and depression - but I've managed to use it to gain back at least some semblance of control over my life.

I certainly don't suggest anyone go find a way to get panic disorder, depression, or any other mental illness, but maybe everyone should heed their "wake up calls" for what they really are. And if you see an avenue for success with smoking cessation, please hit it hard. That early burst of motivation can last for at least a week, and becoming absorbed in something else entirely - something to distract you or remove you from scenarios you would ordinarily be smoking in - can only help. Especially early on.

I went from sweating through nicotine dreams to remembering what certain things smelled like within 30 days. That feeling of accomplishment has also helped ease the oftentimes debilitating nature of depression and panic disorder.

Progress is addictive, too.

And just being able to see how much difference such a short time has made, I'm so excited to see how much better I'll feel over the next few months and years, as my body continues to heal.

So, yeah. I had a weird trigger for quitting. It became a call to action, sort of. A kind of forced cold turkey.

One of the treatments for panic disorder is exposure therapy. Wherein you deliberately put yourself in situations you previously experienced panic. It's a way to desensitize you to what triggers the attacks. For me, that means driving. For the last decade, driving meant smoking. But, as I'm relearning the process of driving for my mental health, I'm also learning to do so without cigarettes. Starting from square one is daunting, but totally possible.

Addiction and mental illness aren't too different. Your brain will lie to you in order to convince you of something that is fundamentally untrue.

It takes diligence to overcome, but more importantly it takes the desire to get better. This early on in the process, only 42 days, I have to believe that taking back control is possible.

I hope you all do, too.