A tale of trials and tobacco

 More than half my life I had smoked cigarettes. I was only 12 years old when I stole one out of my father's pack, grabbed a pack of matches that always laid on the countertop and went to the woods to start a journey down a road that never should have been traveled. 
 
 I have and always would be a mustang compared to the average kid growing up. From that point on started an uncontrollable chain of events that lead to a downward spiral, two years later I was smoking a pack a day at the age of 14. All of my friends were smokers, alcoholics and drug dealers. I started drinking and smoking, taking pills and smoking, shit at one point somehow I was smoking and smoking. By the time I was 18, I was on two packs a day and saw no light at the end of the tunnel I was racing 100 miles an hour through. Cigarettes we're my crutches, without them I could not move on. 

 One day, while sitting by a bus stop in my town, I saw a group of kids gathered in a gazeebo passing around a single cigarette. I looked on with a thousand yard stare as they were starting the same journey I had taken all those years ago, thinking about everything I had been through since I took that cigarette to the woods that one day. I went over to them, a cigarette in my hand as I took a seat between them. They became nervous and moved across from me, looking at each other and glancing over to see what the weird man was up to. I began by asking them where they got the smokes from, since it was obvious they didn't buy it themselves. One kid told me he found it in an ash tray by the Wawa down the street, the other told me he took one from his mom's purse. I laughed, looked down at my cigarette and told them what they had to look forward to. 

 That day was two weeks ago. When I got home, I thought about the impact I might have made on those kids lives at that moment. How if someone saw me smoking that cigarette in the woods and stopped to tell me where I was going, that maybe I wouldn't have went down that path to begin with. I felt good. I felt a change in the way I felt about smoking for the first time. I threw away my packs of cigarettes and started a new journey, a long walk back down the roads and tunnels I went down. 

 With the strong urges I've been getting to smoke, I looked online every day and found solace in this thread. After reading much reading I've decided to add my own story to this page. One day someone might come across this and have the epiphany they've been looking for. I thank each and every one of you who post here or even read all of the great information that this place has to offer. 

 I slipped up last week and took two hits of a cigarette before feeling extremely sick and throwing it out, and lost my lunch right after. Couldn't have hoped for a better deterrent to keep up what I'm doing.

 

 

 
