Three Months! 2 days no nicotine gum!

Man, this is the longest I've been smoke free since I was 13 (31 now). This is day two with no gum. Yesterday was a bit tough, but today is going "ok" so far. I'm really proud of myself for doing this. It truly is a gift of health that I'm giving to myself.

I saw a pulmonary doctor the other day who gave me a breath test. This consisted of several tests to which my overall "score" for lung capacity was 51% (so about half) of where it should be for someone my height (6'5") and weight (230 lbs). We used a nebulizer for about 10 minutes and went again - 75% (so a 50% improvement). This is where she wants to get me by the end of the year without having to use a nebulizer. She feels confident that if I continue to not smoke, I'll get there. That alone is very exciting.

I think my greatest feat so far has been getting off the highest dosage of Advair (500/50) - and not having to use even my ProAir HFA even once! Not only did that stuff my me jittery, but the mental toll it took was pretty big. They prescribe that to "old" people, and here is a 31 year old using it twice a day. I'm so happy to finally be off of that. I was on it for 7 years. Not fun. My pulmonary doc put me on Singulair (pill) which has been great. There are no words to describe how much better I feel both physically and emotionally.

I'm still coughing up some brown stuff here and there, though not nearly as much as two months ago. It's also a lighter color which suggests that my lungs are doing their job with cleaning themselves out. I sleep SOOOO much better too. **There truly is no upside to smoking. At all.**

For those of you who are new, keep at it. I literally had to do whatever it took the first month. I was vaping and chewing gum AND chowing down on food. You'll gain weight. My primary care doc said he could tell I quit smoking because of my weight gain (went from 180 to 230 lbs). But if you stick with it, it will become easier! One day at a time. Good luck!