where is the actual proof?

hi,

(TLDR: where is the physical evidence to prove without question that smoking cigarettes, tobacco roll ups, or cigars, causes cancer and eventual premature death? I am pretty sure If i asked any government, science laboratory, or even british american tobacco themselves, i would come to a dead end every single time. that supposed "proof" is only out there on articles on the internet, news stations, advertisements, telling us that it kills us but NEVER showing us the PHYSICAL EVIDENCE that proves it. where is it? i want to see it with my own eyes. but that will never happen. so "smoking kills" is probably as much as a lie as "vaping is 95% safer than smoking".

im a non smoker and have never truly got into smoking for more than 10 mins in my lifetime.

i suffer from numerous mental illnesses and not able to drink alcohol because it makes me sick and complicates the therapy my medications provide.

i looked for an alternative to drinking booze, so i thought... vaping.

and i have been doing that now for around 9 months.

i quickly went from 3mg, to 6mg, to 12mg, to now 18mg e liquids.

in the mornings when i wake up, and vape 18mg liquids, with a sub ohm vape kit, i get the tingling feeling of nicotine flowing through my body and up to my head. my left ear rumbles. it feels cool, i feel great.

but this never happens during the day when awake. it's pointless vaping, personally. i get nothing out of it. im probably too used to 18mg nicotine. i could go higher, but the end result will be the same as it is now.

so i pondered for a long time... about smoking. i tried it before, i felt sick... i coughed a lot. but now... im well trained. coughing and feeling nauseous from vaping for the first time, is long gone. my throat can handle the menthol, the throat hits are easy as pie...

im watching x files... seeing the cool cigarette smoking man live his life in blissful comfort with his cigs... that episode where the smoker is using poisonous cigs to kill people except himself and the tobacco company is covering up a secret...

eventually i gave in... and bought a pack of Marlboro Greens. I smoked 2, and threw the rest away in disgust of myself at the time.

But since that day, which has been 5 days now... all i have wanted is a cigarette. my suicidal thoughts with those 2 cigs dissapeared, my anxiety stopped, and for once i felt happy. I loved the taste, the comfort... it was just brilliant.

so there's something to think about. vaping can be an entry to smoking as much as it can be an exit from it. i can honestly say that NO VAPE i ever had, was better than a simple Marlboro Green stick of tobacco. and i know now that it never will be better...

so im at a crossroads, do i go out again and buy a pack of cigs... or do i sit here grovelling in anxiety and depression and despair.

so whats the point in not smoking, or smoking? they are making money out of both camps of people. getting people to quit is big business just as much as it is getting people hooked.

and what if you are not smoking at all? are you safe? are you destined to live a long and prosperous happy life? not at all... you probably drink sodas, or love your junk food, in which case if cancer wont get you, diabetes and heart disease or heart failure will get you instead.

so you see, they (the rich and powerful) are killing us whichever way you look at it. all of us are somewhat slaves to some kind of substance in life, which does long term harm.

i am more at risk of killing myself today, than a cigarette would kill me. i probably under my personal circumstances have a better chance of reaching 70-80 if i did smoke, than not.

at this rate, i might be dead by next friday. am i such a horrible person for wanting a smoke? everyone's going "NO DONT DO IT, ITS BAD ITS BAD"....

pffff... bullshit. show me the actual proof, not some internet article stating "there was a study done on x amount of people and bla bla bla", NO... that's not proof... that's just hearsay.