Just got back from the gym!

So I know a while back I'd said that people who are trying to recover from an addiction shouldn't keep track of how many days they've stayed away from their vice, but tomorrow will be a week without any nicotine for me. No cigarettes, no dip (never liked that shit anyway), no gum, no snus, no e-cig. Cold turkey. And I haven't felt this good in a while. I've also been going to the gym a lot lately and I went today for the first time since I quit and wow, what a difference!

After smoking multiple times a day every day for the past 4-5 years with very short breaks in between, I surprised myself by running and biking a combined ~8-10 miles and did various workouts to get my limbs back into practice. I used to run cross country in middle school and a very small portion of high school, so I must've plucked that hidden stamina from somewhere deep within me. I couldn't have done this a week ago. I regret ever trying cigarettes and staying in the habit, it was so stupid and careless.

I went from feeling lightheaded and faint this afternoon helping my brother doing physical work in the yard (digging, lifting, etc) to working myself to the point where I was sweaty and exhausted but after lying down in one of my gym's water massage beds (yes, it's as awesome as it sounds), I walked home and had the biggest, dorkiest smile on my face because I honestly felt reborn. As I continued to walk, I felt all the energy come back to me and I even ran a portion of the way home and said out loud "Wow, running feels good!"

/r/stopsmoking, this is what stopping is all about. It's about finding yourself again, enjoying things that you once enjoyed and are truly good for you. Since I "quit" and started going to the gym, my mood has increased tenfold, I've gotten some of my energy back, and I just feel GOOD. I can't say it enough. I'm gonna stop talking so much because I feel like I'm rambling but I was just eager to tell you guys. Keep fighting, people. You can do it, too!