I’m a hypocrite and other ways I can beat myself up...🤨

All the encouragement I’ve offered everyone and suggestions that have worked for me...everything failed me tonight when I was told that my landlord was going to sell the home my children and I live in, have lived in for almost five years, and the home I have been planning to purchase despite the fact it’s a late-80’s mobile home...
It’s been an ongoing topic this week. Does anyone know how much money it costs to move? Not less than two grand and rents are basically not less than 1200-1600. 
My salary has been cut nearly in half due to healthcare costs for three people. I can barely afford the 750 here with nothing included. I’m grateful for my home and my job and my healthcare for my kids and I. Not long ago I couldn’t have afforded it at all, because I didn’t have 458$ to contribute to it. I’m grateful for my life and current circumstances- for the most part. 
Then the landlord is like all angry that he had to replace the furnace and pipe because the furnace in here was from the 80’s so he was all ugh! I can’t afford to keep this place livable and must sell immediately! I can’t get a loan quite yet with the student loans I acquired to get the degree and the license to practice therapy to provides my current paycheck so that was feeling like it was self defeating trying to improve my life. 
My supervisor at work was irritated because I’m not in the office much because it is way out of my way for where most of my clients are, so now I have to drive absurdly more than I already do so I can go to the office between clients or at the start and end of my day which I’ll tell you is 30-90 minutes from where my families are located so that was irritating (largely that is hormone related though I think ya)
So. I get the message from the realtor because the landlord didn’t want to tell me himself I guess that he decided to sell when just last night I was talking to the realtor about a Loan for Deed (or something) in the house so we could keep it and work toward owning it. Not even 24 hours later I’m told they’re selling it? What the hell! I didn’t even time to fully research or consider the something for deed thing! 
So. I stopped at my gas station. And I bought my camel wide menthols. And I got in my car and sobbed while I drove to my next clients house 45 minutes away. And I packed it, opened it and lit one up and oh yes it did taste as good as I anticipated it would! I had five more before throwing the pack out entirely. Past the first two, they tasted terrible, like guilt and weakness and now I have a headache and my body is achier (is that a word?) than it has been in a month, and it just didn’t feel natural anymore to have that cigarette in my hand - I have to say that usually when I relapse it is full blown and it feels like it’s been missing from my routine. Tonight though it didn’t feel like that, it felt awkward and strange, like it just isn’t who I am anymore. 

It’s a slip. Not a rekindling of my relationship with smoking. I refuse to beat myself up about it too much. Given the stress I’m feeling and the PMDD severity this month and the fairly still new non-smoker identity, I’m going to forgive myself and focus instead on the fact that I didn’t smoke for three days of this stress. 

I’m disappointed, and beating myself up will only make me want to smoke more. I did it. I don’t want to do it again. And that’s just that. If you’re to this point in the rambling (probably should have been a journal entry) post, THANK YOU. I hope folks will still feel supported by me even after I faltered. 