The hand written letter I sent to an old friend who was upset by failing at quitting smoking. Warning: super long, but I think worth the read. Also, some inappropriate language. Maybe my story will help you all too.

Jer,
Let me start by saying how seriously proud I am of you for even attempting to quit smoking. It is such an internal battle that is hardly rivaled, and it really is part of the identity of who I see you as. It is going to take so much effort for you to quit, that I praise you for even wrapping your head around it. Cold turkey may not be the best of approaches, and everyone has a story of how and why they quit, and I’d like to share with you my story in hopes that it is inspirational at best. You don’t have to read it now, it’s a monster of a novel, but promise me that you will read it when you’re ready to try again.

First, let me explain that I have a big group of close friends that I hang out with often at least weekly if not more. I once did the math, and the people that I consider to be the closest I have in my life, 92% of them smoke. That’s a HUGE influence to not quit, and that includes Joe, my roommate, who is the human equivalent of an actual chimney who smokes at least one, if not two packs a day. CONSTANTLY smoking, and they all still do smoke. At the point of quitting I had smoked everyday for 7 years, and on and off for another 8 before that. You know I picked up my first cig at 13, my first pack at 16.

I knew I wanted to quit when I watched Joe get pneumonia and land in the hospital where he clearly could have died from this infection in his lungs, still smoke while on the most powerful antibiotics available. He changed from Marb Reds to Marb Lights and thought that it was enough of a change to get better. It wasn't and it did almost kill him. From your Facebook posts it seems like you've been in similar lung-issue situations and it seems ludicrous to see someone else not just say no until you're the one in the hospital bed who would rather die from pneumonia than nicotine withdrawal.

Wanting to quit, and actually quitting are gigantic leaps from each other. I smoked for another 10 months from Joe getting better before I actually did anything about it besides bitch about how great it would be to quit and how broke I am.

I started easy enough by telling my friends and boyfriend that I was going to be taking strides to actually quit smoking. After them hearing me say things like “Yeah I smoke fast, I’m a REAL smoker” for years they were admittedly skeptical, but still supportive.

Next, I cut back to five a day, when I was smoking 10-15/day, half of what I was smoking at minimum. I had Joe give me my five a day for the first week, but after that I was on my own. Instead of changing my routine of WHEN I was smoking, I change how much nicotine I was allowing in my body, and I smoked half at a time. Putting it out at half way and saving it allowed me to still smoke 10 times a day which was huge. Both my routine and nicotine intake were not affected at the same time (too stressful begging for relapse), one at a time starting with nicotine first because it’s the biological addiction. I smoked five a day for a little over three weeks.

Five a day was great for a few reasons. First, step one, I was slowly weaning my body to less nicotine. Second, it changed my internal smoking talk. I didn't have to say no to myself, all I had to say was “Wait an hour, then smoke” Delay, delay, delay for as long as you can in between cigs. Every minute you wait is a success in no one else’s eyes but your own. During this time I tested myself and learned how strong I really am which helps with my sense of self worth. I was finally getting stronger than nicotine, and realizing what role it played. I won’t lie, there were days I smoked more than five, and days I smoked less than five. Not being so strongly physically dependent on them made it seem less necessary that I go smoke NOW.

Five a day allowed me to still spend time with my friends in the smoking circle, but being more of the conversationalist because I was done with half real quick and I had to put it out. I could do more of the talking instead of the inhaling and it made me realize how important social smoking has been throughout the years. SHIT JER! WE MET 13 YEARS AGO WHILE SMOKING!! I still go outside and talk with my friends while they're smoking and I'm just fine.

Then, my next step was to change brands. I’ve smoked Marb Lights as long as I can remember, and I love smoking them, so this step was crucial to make me like smoking just that much less. A new brand made me conscious of how gross they really are, and how used to the feeling of a drag on a Marb Light I really was. I changed to American Spirits for a few reasons (definitely not because they are “better for you”), but because they take forever to finish. Smoking half of an American Spirit took just as much time as smoking a whole Marb Light, also because they were gross, and more expensive.

Keep in mind that smoking has been my best friend for seven years. We’ve spent more time together than any other person in my life me. Cigs were there even when I was alone and feeling depressed, when I was sad, excited, stressed, and happy. They were my best friend 100% and I didn't know if I was going to handle not relying on them for stress relief. Plus they go swimmingly with everything that is awesome: food, sex, and alcohol.

At this point, I smoked American Spirits (still 5 a day) for a little more than two weeks, and in total have been “Trying to Quit” for six weeks. A month and a half, which in the grand scheme of things is nothing, more like a drop in the bucket. But my friends were starting to not think that I could actually quit, and I hadn't made all of this progress for nothing. I was still smoking just as often as I've always been, before a shower, after a meal, driving, etc. The cashier at my 7-11 asked me if I was buying cigarettes elsewhere because I wasn't coming around as often though, and when I asked for my first pack of American Spirits, he was really confused.

I made a huge leap. I cut back to one a day, I don't know why, I just did. One fucking cigarette. And I smoked that cigarette to the filter, and up to three times a day. I’d puff on it a few times just to feel the nicotine hit my system and put it out. Seriously, three times a day I’d smoke on one cigarette. I tried to supplement with the gum, but that shit tasted like sucking on mint and pepper covered pennies and was horrible. Tried the patch, but that made me batshit crazy all the time. It was like PMSing all day every day. Nope.

One per day seemed weird, kind of like why am I still smoking if I can handle just one a day? One pack lasted me almost three weeks!! My friends even asked me why I hadn’t just stopped but I couldn’t say it out loud. I wasn’t ready to lose my friend. I wasn’t ready to sit inside and punish myself while watching my friends laugh in their smoking circle through the window. I wasn't ready to let go. My heart pounded every time I thought about smoking my last cigarette.

Then something devastating happened. My boyfriend and I broke up. Yep, enter that bitch of heartbreak and I reverted back to old habits and smoked almost an entire pack in one day. It was still my crutch, my stress relief, my crying companion. I felt like shit Jeremy, like the biggest pile of dog poop on the inside. Not physically, damn my body was STOKED to have that much nicotine in my system, it was lightheaded and happy again. But personally I felt like shit because I knew that I hadn't actually been able to create a new way to cope, something I thought I had down pat. Stress was still a gigantic trigger and the breakup was a huge wake-up call that I hadn't beat smoking yet. All this hard work had been for not, I was still powerless.

I finished my pack the next day and resorted that I was just going to have to feel miserable. Fucking horrible. It helped me separate out what was real heartbreak, and was sadness of losing my best friend of 7 years. I Quit! August 27th which was 7 and a half months ago. It was horrible. I eventually did realize that I was doing just fine without cigarettes, and my boyfriend for that matter. I had to prove it to myself that at 30 years old I didn't need anyone or anything to make me feel good and could see the love I have for my body and soul. Call it cliché, I don’t care.

I downloaded the app QuitIt which helped visualize my progress and tracks time, health, and money saved. No joke Jer, I've saved $1,532.95 and I currently have a beautiful savings account. No shit, money in the fucking bank working at the same job at the same pay.

I smoked on NYE when drunk, two ultra lights which were like sucking on paper. Blah. My friend who gave them to me felt really bad, but I released him of his grief by explaining that I would never blame him. EVER. Even if I did start smoking again, which I didn't.

I smoked in Vegas when I was there if February, I bought a pack and smoked the whole thing in four days. I was staying in a smoking room and figured “Fuck it! I’m on vaca!” but the moment I was back in Washington I consciously made sure I didn't smoke even a drag because I was in dangerous territory of jumping right back into being stuck.

I have a boyfriend now that is serious marriage material that told me that he wouldn't have considered dating me if I was a smoker, so that helps keep me on the right track, because I do love him even though I haven’t said that to him yet. :)

I hope this reaches you in time to help inspire and I feel like it could, if anything, touch you in some way since we've known each other for so long. You are strong, even if you don’t believe it, I think proving it to yourself with something so monumental as quitting smoking would do wonders for your persona and psyche.
Miss you Jer,
Unnecessar