I feel f'ing great

50 days ago my wife moved out of my house. 11 days ago I had my last drink of alcohol. 8 days ago I had my last cigarette. 

My wife left not because I was drinking and smoking but because she was a bum and didn't want to get a job that I was always nagging her about. I supported her for 8 years and in the end she fleeced me for tens of thousands of dollars in our divorce. This post isn't really about that, but that was the event that started my journey towards being free from addiction and getting my health back.

I started eating healthy and exercising consistently the day she left and have lost about 10 lbs since that day. 30 lbs over the last year. Started smoking a lot more after I was living by myself and started to feel the physical symptoms more like freezing feet, no taste buds, low energy, disturbed sleep, chest pains, etc. 14 years of smoking and I nearly accepted that I would be a smoker forever. I decided to quit cold turkey and found this sub around that time. 

Some commenter on here recommended the Allen Carr book and thank you jesus for posting that because I got the book and reading through I feel like has helped me immensely with the psychological side of the addiction. In past times I tried to quit, I used NRT and willpower. I always thought of quitting as giving up something I loved. This time around, I'm beginning to see the illusion that I was believing. Quitting smoking is not giving up a treat that you love, it is freeing yourself of being trapped in the chain of seeking relief from your withdrawal symptoms. Our minds trick us into believing that the cigarette is precious and we are missing out if we aren't smoking. This is a mental block that I never got past with previous quits (even some lasting up to a year). 

Part of my addiction to nicotine is wrapped up in alcohol like so many other people so I'm abstaining for some period of time until I feel comfortable. Alcohol has done me no favors in recent months and it seems like every time I drank booze, I ended up drinking 12-15 beers and smoking 2 packs of cigs. In my mental state dealing with rage from losing money in my divorce, this does not help anything and does not solve any problems. The next day, I just wake up feeling like shit and my problems are still there.

I'm not a believer in 12 step programs and all that bullshit. I believe that something like alcohol can be controlled, but you have to be in a good place to do so. Being angry is not a good place. One day I'll reintroduce alcohol into my life when I'm in a better place, but I will approach it differently and it will be without nicotine for goddamn sure. 

I've been doing a lot of cardio workouts in the last few months and last night was kind of a breakthrough for me. This is the longest period that I've been without alcohol and nicotine in a decade and last night while I was on my exercise bike, about 40 minutes in, I just started to feel this euphoria and this energy that almost felt like being on x (did a lot of that in my formative years as well). This energy is new to me. Constantly poisoning myself daily with nicotine and weekly with alcohol for 14 years has hidden that natural feeling away from me and I forgot that it existed. All I've known in recent years is the worn-out, burnt out stupor of being a nicotine addict. I woke up today still feeling the energy. It's almost sad to me that this feeling was just a few weeks away for me for years, but I waited so long to find it again! It's never too late obviously so I'm glad I found it even if it took nearly half my life. I got back into weightlifting also a few months ago and one very stupid thing I thought when I started quitting smoking was "oh no, I'm not going to have that extra energy boost from cigarettes to get through my weightlifting session". This is possibly the dumbest thing I've ever thought. After I quit, almost instantly, I had more energy to do more reps and increase the weights. I guess more oxygen is getting to the muscles which is obviously good!

It's still early in the process for me, but the changes in my body and also in my mind are so encouraging it brings a lot of joy to me right now. Being positive and confident that I've made the right choice is part of this method in quitting. Read the Allen Carr book please and really buy into it. Even the smartest people end up thinking about nicotine addiction all wrong and take the wrong approach mentally when quitting the poison. If you constantly think you are depriving yourself when quitting cigarettes your mind will never let go of the idea that there is something out there that you love that you are just forcing yourself not to have and you will eventually cave in one day.

Seeing the desire for the cigarette for what it is, relief from withdrawals that are caused by cigarettes, is the key to understanding the addiction and letting go for life. 

Now hopefully I can listen to myself and stay on track for the remainder of my life. I believe I can do this. I want to do this. I am not missing out on anything. I am gaining a life of health and energy and freedom. 
