Got blackout drunk and didn't smoke.

So obviously it's not a good idea to get blackout drunk and I haven't done that possibly ever before in my life, but it happened and I survived. When I quit smoking almost 3 months ago (Allen Carr method) I also quit drinking. A few weeks ago I slowly started drinking again (like 1-2 drinks once a week) and didn't really experience any cravings with nicotine while drinking that amount. I was super worried about getting more than just 1-2 drinks in and what would happen. 

Anyway, I was on a trip with some friends in an environment where everyone was drinking heavily and I just turned on the drinking switch full blast. Being not used to drinking, I totally overdid it which is not smart, made an ass out of myself, got sent to bed early, etc. Sad day for me right? But, I woke up the next day surprisingly not that hungover considering the debauchery that occurred and didn't smell like a cigarette. It didn't taste like I smoked and after asking everyone if I did smoke, it turns out I didn't. My memory is not very clear of what happened that night.

This is actually working. I faced my worst trigger in my worst state of mind and survived. I think I have un-brainwashed myself and I must keep this up. I remind myself every day about the reasons why I smoked (addiction to nicotine, not because I liked it), and I remind myself that I'm not missing out and the only reason I smoked was to relieve the withdrawal symptoms of the previous cigarette. Every day I just focus on these truths and remind myself about it. 

Fuck the nostalgia of smoking. It is such a scam and I tell myself that every day to the point that I fully believe it now. When I "remember" how good smoking used to feel, I'm just remembering the relief from the withdrawal symptoms which I no longer suffer from now! If I smoked 1 cigarette today, I would just feel nauseous and shitty, but the withdrawals would start again and the only thing to stop it would be another cigarette. 

The battle of quitting nicotine is won in the mind. Smokers have been brainwashed (by our own goddamn selves) and we have to truly understand that before we can let go of the poison. I don't feel like I'm missing out anymore by not smoking. I feel like I'm finally free and I'm happy to be free finally after 14 years. Nicotine was literally killing me. How great is it to be free from an enemy dead set on murdering you? 