After seven months of vaping at gradually lower nic levels, it's time to make the switch to 0mg!

So I quit smoking cigarettes seven months ago and switched to vaping. I have always considered it to be a stepping stone to quitting and it's taken a LONG time. I started at 15mg nicotine and have just taken slow steps down. 15mg to 12 to 9, 6, and now 3mg. 

Every 3mg step was hell. I was grumpy, I always craved another puff on my vape, I stealth vaped at work... Every time it was awful. I stayed at 6mg for EVER. I probably would still be at 6mg if it wasn't for me figuring out nicotine is largely a placebo affect because I once vaped 0mg for two days on accident until I noticed the bottle said 0mg. Of course, I instantly began craving nicotine even though I'd been fine for two days without it. After that, I realized I was ready for 3mg and the step down to 3mg was so much easier than 9 to 6 once I actually did it. 

Since I switched to 3mg a month ago, I honestly have just began to detest vaping. Not in a "I want to go back to smoking" way because I've had cigarettes in the last seven months and I can't even smoke through them halfway because I now realize how bad they taste compared to vaping. No, I hate the mechanical problems with my mod. The changing of the coils. The trying to decide if I have time to go to the vape store. Buying $20 flavors that I end up having. The eyedroppers are too short and annoying. The nasty clogged feeling in my throat every morning. 

Even just having the feeling of going outside for a vape is annoying now, whereas before I didn't give a fuck and proudly went outside for a smoke. Now I just wish the urge wasn't there. 

Since I switched to 3mg, I've just naturally turned the wattage down (less nicotine). The higher, hotter wattages just aren't enjoyable anymore. And you know what? It's so awesome. I am actually getting MORE pleasure out of LESS nicotine. Let me tell you, I am so sick and tired of vaping, I'm excited to quit!!!!

It's one thing to say "I want to quit," and another to say "I'm excited to quit!" 

So tomorrow I am purposeful purchasing a bottle of 0mg unflavored juice to mix with my 3mg fruity nonsense. I plan to be on 0mg in two weeks, and completely weaned from vaping by mid February. Wish me luck!!!

TLDR -- Took 7 months to go from smoking to vaping 15mg nicotine to 3mg nicotine. Tomorrow I am buying my first bottle of 0mg nic and plan to be completely nic free in one month. 