Ex-heroin addict fearful but excited for my quit date tomorrow!

Hello everybody,

Thank you for all your posts, I have found them all very inspiring.

I'm quitting tomorrow, it's my quit date and I feel not as ready as I would like, but as ready as I'll ever be. 

I used to be an heroin addict, but have now been clean for 25 years and I can't help but feel that nicotine and smoking addiction is even more daunting and difficult.

With heroin withdrawal, the pain and suffering is hitting you in the face and you can fight it head-on. With nicotine and smoking, my mind has been brainwashed into believing that I actually enjoy it and want it when in actual fact the opposite is true.

The way that this addiction plays mind games is going to be a real test for me and I am determined to try and enjoy this new start for me the best I can instead of moping about the withdrawals and thinking too much about the mind games my addicted brain will play on me.

I guess this post is about 2 things, to have a public record of my current mindset, to draw strength from this fantastic community, and to be publically accountable for going through with this and finally escaping this addiction.

I look forward to having more energy to play with my 18months old daughter and to enjoy more time with her instead of rushing off to feed my addiction.

I look forward to vastly reducing or eliminating the black shadows in my mind that constantly worry and stress over my health and the damage I'm doing to my body.

I look forward to having more energy.

I am looking forward to enjoying a kiss from my baby girl without turning away from her, fearful that she's going to smell the stale tobbaco on my breath. 😢☹️

I look forward to being finally free from this and please give me the strength to enjoy the cravings I will get and see each one as a step closer to my goal of freedom.

Not one puff, ever. One would put me right back at the start and waste all the effort I've put into making this vital change in my life.

I wish everyone the best of everything here and thank you for listening to, and being witness to my public declaration and rant. 🙏🙏🙏 