Day 4: questions about some physical symptoms

Ahoy gentlemen. 

So I've off tobacco completely now for about 4 days; I had quit cigarettes but was getting passive intake most days from other bits, so I don't really want to "count" that. And from the fact I wasn't getting any withdrawal  until now, I believe it was enough to keep it all at bay. 

I'm feeling great; as in, I don't really feel many mood shifts (Outside of a dog outside barking that managed to annoy me, until I realised why it was likely doing so.) nor am I really getting too many cravings; but what I do have is a few other physical symptoms that I wanted to ask and get some perspectives on.

So for example, my breathing feels a little tighter, a little heavier, almost like a wheeze but without the actual wheeze?  I'm not getting headaches; but I am feeling somewhat "not quite right", as if I was on a very light comedown from something, like a hangover without the headaches or sickness.  My focus is a little all over the place. And I feel as if there's something stuck in my throat. I'm also finding myself having some "Hot flushes", where I suddenly feel a bit over-heated

My main question in relation to these is: Did any of you have these symptoms? The breathing and the focus are the two most frustrating ones; as Im ironically having more trouble working out now than I did before I stopped! With the general increased anxiety, of course my brain has gone through the roof assuming the worse; but I'm keeping that one under control. But when I did my googling I'm getting *such* varied results, some are saying  "Thats really not normal" and others seem to suggest its extremely common. Some say it lasts 6 months, others say it's a few weeks. It's surprisingly difficult to actually tie down some sort of concrete perspective.

Over-all: I don't feel I'm struggling with the cravings, or wanting to smoke; but I am somewhat concerned about those physical shifts, and am curious on a time frame. I only smoked for 6~ years, and am somewhat surprised at the variety of changes i'm feeling. I'd rather not walk into my GP and go "Hey, so I'm a little paranoid about this" and have him say it's obviously as i've cut out all the baccy! 

Thanks in advance.  This sub seems fantastic, and doing some real good for people. 

 - UR