1 month 19 days

Yep that's where I'm at! (I was close to ten years of smoking, 1/2 pack a day) An awkward record of time I know but I wanted to share my experience to maybe help someone out there, or a "I feel you" from people who have quit.
 
The first month was brutal. I would say quitting is mostly an emotional issue.  Since I quit. Having to reconstruct my down time at work or home felt overwhelming at times. Also, the amount of emotions I suppressed while I smoked made itself known. I was a bitter bitch and I cried everyday at some point out of frustration or sadness. I'm a single mom and a bit of a loner so not having my smokes felt like a breakup.

Quitting hadn't felt the most rewarding for these reasons. But now that my wide array of emotions have settled down, I do see the greatness of being a smoker now. Besides my workout being sooo much fucken easier, I actually do feel more calm as a nonsmoker. I didn't read the Alan Carr book, but I did watch this real short video interview he did:
https://youtu.be/0TL2Vh7goJc
And one of the things he mentions is the anxiety we build around smoking. So instead of it seeming like it calms us down (I'm sure it does in ways, like I mentioned, I felt like I had suppressed emotions from smoking) we actually build a lot of anxiety for the "next smoke". 

So at this point in my quit cigarettes aren't on my mind not nearly as much at all. I don't think about it at work or home (as much) and it feels nice to just go about a day "normally" . Not stopping the flow of things for a fix. Or to alleviate boredom symptoms with it (which really makes no sense anyways).

At this point I can be around other smokers, and be okay. Sometimes I think "just a drag" but I know after all I have been through it's not even worth it. It feels good to know that I'm healthier. I feel like my skin is glowing more and my teeth look better and yes, breathing easier :) also as a parent to a 4 year old. I'm super stoked to not be smoking. Stinky clothes when hugging my son, and also trying to scope out non judgmental smoking zones at the playground (there aren't any, it's just shitty to do) really sucked. Hopefully my son won't remember me as a smoker at all when he grows up. And if he does he'll know that I quit.

I still have cravings but they are significantly more manageable now. The fucken dog days of the first two weeks or so... the edginess is real. My advice is to just stay tough about it. You gotta power through the emotions and cravings and all the shit, but you can do it!