1 month smoke-free: a short report

I can't still breath like I used to. That's quite a bummer, because it was my main reason to stop smoking. I had the urge to quit when I tried to walk a few kilometers in the wilderness of my hometown and had to stop all the time to catch some air. I hope that gets better with time.

I can smell again. It's so pleasant to be able to smell again, I can't describe the feeling. Food smells amazing. These days, I passed by a food truck that sells nuts coated in cinnamon and sugar, the smell hit me like a nosegasm. (But I can feel putrid smells more intensely too. Anothr bummer.)

The cravings are essentially gone right now. Sometimes I get the urge to smoke, but I use a technique I saw on r/GetDisciplined: using a Addiction Avatar to distinguish my thoughts from those of the addiction. I created an avatar in my imagination that is an old woman that smells like an ashtray, interrupts every sentence with copious coughing and is always spitting thickened mucus on the floor (something I used to do. I know. Gross.). Whenever a thought like "hey, only one won't hurt!" pops in my head, I picture her saying that. It's gross and I don't want to follow her advice, so I ignore the urge more easily than I would do with only willpower.

I have issues with anxiety normally and of course that was lifted to astronomical heights during the first two weeks. Now, *my mental health has actually improved*. That's something I didn't think would happen! I don't feel like shit for wasting my money and my time on cigarettes, and my attention span is much longer. 

My friends (non-smokers) don't give me shit for always smelling like tobacco anymore, and excusing myself every 20 minutes so I can light one up. They don't really understand what it is to be dependent on nicotine so it's not like there is a fireworks show whenever I say I quit smoking, but they are happy for me nonetheless.

Finally, there's no feeling like not being a slave to some plant rolled into a piece of paper. Not having to go outside all the time to  smoke. Doing whatever I want when I wake up, not immediately lighting up a cigarette. Doing whatever the fuck I want after meals, not lighting up a cigarette. Not being a slave feels amazing.

That's why I'm staying strong, and I'm staying quit. Never want to be a slave again.