Ugh. Here we go again, round 2 of quitting.

I quit sort of successfully last year for around 6 months, cold turkey. My roommate is trying to switch to vaping.. My other friend also kinda is always grimmacing when I go outside to smoke and she started counting how many cigarettes i'll have while we're hanging out together.. which makes me feel bad and definitely irritates me.. but she's in the right, and i know smoking is bad and blahblahblah

haven't had one today, my pack is still on the table waiting for me to spark one up prior to work tomorrow.

okay, so here's a short list off the top of my head why i want to quit smoking just so i can kinda have a ..list... ..

1. i'm transgender, and i am planning on going on HRT soon and i've read that smoking affects transitioning adversely and causes testosterone levels to rise. I don't know if that's even true, honestly, but girls are sexier when they don't smell and taste like a cigarette anyway sooo fuck it. i'm running with it!

2. i'm afraid smoking will affect/accelerate thinning of my hair. there aren't too many things that would be more devastating to me and my personal image than male pattern baldness. that's caused by genetics anyways, but i've read that smoking definitely just makes everything worse in that regard. plus, i've seen long-term smokers hair. it's gross...

3. i just moved into an apartment, and money is tight now. I have to really buckle down on luxurious purchases, like cigarettes. I don't really even enjoy them all that much. and pissing like $25-35 a week on cigs is a huge waste of money. like, really stupid. up to $100-$150 a month? why am i doing this to myself. 

4. i want to start singing again, especially because my roommate is a super talented guitarist. i think it would be so liberating to be en femme on stage with my old singing voice intact. i can sing pretty well, when my throat isn't all fucked up from smoking. i'm looking forward to having my voice back more than anything.. not to mention trying to create a female-esque voice during my transition. woooot.

5. i actually really hate the way they smell. i always have. i wear a fucking medical glove when im smoking to prevent my hands from smelling like cigarettes. how ridiculous is that? it's like i don't even enjoy anything about smoking now that i'm thinking about it.

6. i don't even like smoking when it's hot outside. everything just feels so humid and hot and it's hard to breath for me in the intensely hot humid summer days here in chicago as it is.. smoking makes it so much worse. 

7. coughing/clearing my throat/blowing my nose while at work. i work in the medical field, and coughing in your patients face is so inappropriate and gross. i don't want to do that anymore.

8. skin longevity. i want smooth wrinkless skin! fuck you smoking!

9. start running again! you were up to doing 8 mile runs no problem last year! lets get back to that shit this summer! it's so much fun listening to new music and running in the woods. you love that shit.

OKAY. there's a few. 

CHALLENGES AHEAD!

1. weight gain. I'm most concerned about this one. I like that i'm a very thin person, it's very important to me to remain thin. last time i quit i enjoyed eating so much and it felt like i could never satisfy my hunger. i have to try my hardest to be mindful of this. 

2. anger. last time when i quit i recall having fits of pure rage. i'm such a mellow person, i never ever ever get mad at anyone ever! i get frustrated, but who doesn't?! i am not looking forward to those craving induced fits of rage. they're so unbecoming of me and super masculine. ew. 

4. cravings. cravings suck, and they're real. breaking the habits will be so annoying and difficult. post meal, drinking, new balcony, work breaks, etc.. ughhh just thinking about it is making my blood boil a little bit already and it's only day 1. fuck me.

5. sleep patterns are weird, and dreams. actually i like dreaming, even if it's that weird "I JUST FUCKING SMOKED" dream. dreaming is dope, this isn't a challenge lol. but yeah, my sleep pattern was super weird last time i quit, if i remember correctly. definitely am not looking forward to that, because i barely get any sleep as it is.

6. oh! and those gross tonsil stone things that smell awful! what is up with those??! i got them so often last time i quit. how disgusting.

okay well that's a ramble. idk if anyone is going to read this, i guess i don't really care! it's more like a public diary entry than a post i'm expecting to have blow up.

you guys were cool as hell last time i quit, i look forward to chatting with you lovelies agian! only this time i get to be my true self as me! the super loveable transgender valerie! :) 

helloooooo again /r/stopsmoking. 