3rd day in, going strong!

I have had a couple cravings, none too intense yet. When I was leaving work and had just finished a cup of coffee, I had the strongest craving I have had since originally quitting a couple days ago. Wasn't anything I couldn't handle. 

It's just those thoughts and anxieties associated with quitting.. mehhh. Smoking feels like a friend to me, part of my identity. It just feels I'm always going to miss them.. I worry like I'll always feel a smoker who refuses herself the act of smoking. 

I've quit before, as I stated in my previous post.. I realize that this is EXACTLY the case.. I still missed them, but i started again last year because I had a really god awful series of months and I fell into a suicidal depression. 

I know it's just an excuse.. but I don't really feel all that much regret for restarting smoking at the time. I kinda felt like I did what I did to find any kind of solace in a continuously ending feeling of drowning. 



buuuut that's besides the point and more of a tangent than the theme of this post!

So yes. day 3, still going strong just starting to feel the initial sting of the process of quitting. Sunday I was in a alcohol and cigarette hangover, so not smoking was easy. Yesterday, I had a loooong day at work and the weather was beautiful so I wanted to smoke, but it wasn't that big of a deal..

but today it's starting its gentle wear and tear on my psyche. I find myself getting really irritated with other drivers, and really (normally) low stress situations seem to be gnawing at me relentlessly. 

actually, just in the middle of typing this I think I'm experiencing a craving because I'm getting very very annoyed when I make little typos while typing and I really hate TV and reality TV shows but the friggin TV is BLARING because I'm at my parent's house visiting and doing my laundry for free (aww yeahh) and they have this really obnoxious vacuum going cleaning up dog piss and falsdkjfasldjfas'djfkasdfadfa


okay. i'm okay. just turned the TV off. ughh fuck survivor. what an annoying show.

anyways. DAY 3 WOOOOLLOOHOOOHOOO

looking forward to week 3, I recall that was when it started to get easier. I'm worried sick about my first weekend. I pretty much always get drunk with my roommate and our friends and drinking = smoking for me. 

that's why it's always good for me to start at the end of a weekend so that i have almost a whole week under my belt prior to the first weekend. 

I can do it. it's not a big deal.

i still haven't thrown my cigarettes out. I would rather give them away to someone who smokes.. I just hate being wasteful. I paid for the damn things. Besides, there's a strange comfort in having them still. I don't plan on smoking them, at all.. but Idk. I have mental breakdowns sometimes and it's just comforting. that's all.