Diary entry: Conversation with a smoker

Smoker: “Describe, I’ve been thinking about it and I really want to stop smoking…”

Me: “Why do you want to stop?”

Smoker: “Well, I’m always wasting money on cigarettes and I would really need a boost to my health. My energy levels have been dropping lately. The problem is that I don’t think I can. Every time I tried to do it, I always failed.”

Me: “Let me tell you how I managed to quit. I discovered that if you want to do anything, not just quit an addiction, you must find the reason why you want to do it. You must first convince your mind that you really need to do that certain thing and there is no other way. Understand why you want to quit. Going back to your cause, it seems that money and health are not reasons enough to stop doing it. Why is that?”

Smoker: “I don’t know… I am afraid that I’ll need it. I am stressed out with work and cigarettes bring me pleasure for the time I am smoking one.”

Me: “This shows that you don’t have enough enjoyment in your life and you smoke to cope with the pain. Are you doing many things that you do not appreciate?”

Smoker: “A lot of them. Sometimes I barely want to get out of bed.”

Me: “Are you unhappy?”

Smoker: “I wouldn’t necessarily say that, but I do feel bad at times.”

Me: “Here’s what helped me. I suggest that you grab a pen and paper and HONESTLY ask yourself why you feel bad. By going to the root of the cause, you can eliminate anything that disturbs your wellbeing. Pluck the weed and its roots. When I did this I was surprised by the things I discovered about myself. You need to face whatever is causing the problem in order to overcome it.”

Smoker: “And what if I won’t be able to answer that question? What if I don’t know why I feel bad?”

Me: “Trust me, you do know the answers to all your problems. There is not a single question that you can’t answer for yourself. The problem is that you never asked them. I know this because I used to be very ignorant of my issues. Just start an honest conversation with yourself and be surprised by the results.”
 
The dear diary of, Describe

The story was taken from https://storyofdescribe.com/diary-entry-conversation-with-a-smoker/