Day 12

Never posted in a forum for quitting before. Maybe this will help to ease my mind. I apologize in advance for the length and the stream-of-consciousness.

29/F. Been smoking since 21. Started when I was cashiering at a QuickStop-type place. Standing in front of the counter all day, passing out packs and cartons to person after person, noticing my smoker colleague was allowed to disappear for ten minutes every two hours or so. 

I'd sworn up and down my whole life I'd never smoke. My parents were HEAVY smokers. Dad would buy a carton at a time and burn through 2 packs a day. Half the time he'd just sit holding a lit cig while talking on the phone and it would burn to the filter like incense. My house growing up was perpetually hazy (though my mom kept it as clean as a smoker can possibly keep a house). I'd get asked by teachers if I was smoking before class because my parents couldn't make it through the drive without lighting up. I despised every minute of it.

But something about that day-to-day retail tedium made smoking seem like a pretty fine option. It would give me 2-3 extra breaks a day. Time to chill on the side of the building and not worry about anything. And while I worked there, I kept it to that 2-3 cigs a day. Nobody in my life knew I smoked. I only smoked at the job and only those few cigs.

But then I added a cig on the drive in. And then a cig on the drive home. And then a cig after dinner on the back porch. A couple when I'd be out with friends at the bar. 

I never went past a pack a day at my heaviest. I tended towards half a pack plus a couple. Every hour or two during the day. Less if I had stuff to do. 

But in the last three years it's been making me feel like shit. I started getting really bad sinus infections every 6-8 months. I became really self-conscious about how bad my hair and skin and clothes and breath smell, and I stopped going out as much. I noticed I have more trouble catching my breath when I'm active, and instead of quitting I just let it make me lazier. On weeks when money was short, I was less worried about how I'd pay the bills and more worried about how I'd afford to get a pack - and then I'd feel super guilty and disgusted like "where are your priorities??"

I've told myself over and over "I can stop when I want - I just don't want to yet." I tried vaping but I found it frustrating instead of fulfilling. I tried scaling back but then something stressful would happen and I'd smoke like a chimney. I did manage to go 6 months about four years ago and that was pretty cool, but then the weather warmed up and summer came around with beer and bbqs and the next thing I knew I bummed one off a friend, bummed another, and then bought my own pack because I didn't want to be a leech, and then finished that pack because why let it go to waste. Back to square 1. 

This time feels different though. Maybe it's because I've had a sinus infection for 13 weeks that just won't go away, but something about cigarettes just doesn't feel as enticing anymore. 

I did get a big craving last night. My hubby still smokes and we went for a date and he was outside the restaurant having one and nostalgia for sharing hit me like a brick. I asked for a hale and he passed it over and.... it tasted disgusting. For the first time since the week I started, it tasted absolutely foul to me. And that in and of itself was really freeing. 

I do worry when I'm feeling better and the seasons change and get warmer and when my friends come around and step out on the porch I'll struggle really hard with wanting it. The social and time-filling aspects are things I really enjoyed. But I'm holding onto the reminder that there's nothing positive a cigarette can give me that I can't give myself. I'm determined to be smoke-free for good by 30.