Today I'm facing the true test of my resolve

So I do tech work, and 99% of the time I work from home. There *is* a physical office I can go into (and I used to work 4 days a week from), but I absolutely hate being there. It's in the direct middle of my city (an hour commute from home, surrounded by all the police and ambo sirens and honking horns and construction work noises). It's an open-office floorplan (think of a cubicle setup but without walls). And it has a metric fuck-ton of noise and distraction (including a ping-pong table in the entryway because my coworkers are Serious People^tm who have ongoing ping pong championships). Oh, and the bathrooms here were constructed in the sixties so each toilet stall has a little ashtray built into the toilet paper holder. 

Needless to say, when I'm in the physical office I am constantly looking for any excuse to leave it. And that includes smoke breaks. So many smoke breaks. Every 40 minutes or so I used to be on my way outside. Rain, shine, snow, hail, doesn't matter. Just any possible escape from sitting at a desk surrounded by a roomful of absurdly loud people.

Today is the first day since I quit smoking that I'm in the physical office and the craving is real. The tricks I use at home are slightly less useful and applicable here. I spent the last hour sucking on lollipops nonstop and flicking a fidget stick around while listening to the EasyWay ebook, and then I took a brisk walk around the outside of the building because I was like "maybe I just need to be outside", and now I'm back inside just wanting so badly to leave and buy a pack from the RoFo across the street. My productivity for my actual work is completely shot and I can't seem to get into a groove.

I'm not going to smoke. I know the reality is darker than the fantasy. I know I'm stronger than this. And better than this.  I just really needed to vent because I am going bananas. For 21 days it's been basically nbd and today is like climbing a mountain. And sitting in an extra hour's worth of traffic to my hour-long commute this evening will add another dimension to the challenge.

BUT, that being said, I'm super looking forward to getting home this evening and hugging my hubby and my cats and giving myself my hard-earned pat on the back for making it through today. 