Vaping helped me quit smoking. Help me quit vaping!

I cross-posted this to the electronic cigarette subreddit. I hope that isn't against the rules. I'm just hoping to get a different perspective by posting it here, too.

tldr: I'm quitting Juul and I'm looking for advice and/or success stories.

I am going to quit my Juul this week.

I started vaping back in 2012. I smoked cigarettes for years before that, mostly in college, and vaping was just a better alternative. However, it just didn't quite "hit the spot" like cigarettes did. I used everything from cig-a-likes to tanks to rebuildable coils. Circa 2017, I was introduced to the Juul. Now this device, it was exactly what I was looking for. I can honestly say that, since I started Juuling, I have never had a craving for a cigarette.

Unfortunately, rather than being addicted to cigarettes, I'm now addicted to my Juul. Is it safer than smoking? I think so, but there haven't been any studies on the long-term effects of vaping. I'm not a scientist, but common sense tells me that heating up any sort of chemical and inhaling it into your lungs, even ones that are safe for swallowing and consumption, isn't good for your body. Sure, it's not as harmful as cigarettes, but that doesn't mean it isn't harmful at all. I'm not trying to convince anyone that vaping is bad for you, I just know that I don't want to do it to my body anymore. I go through about one Juul pod each day. Sometimes, I go through more. Sometimes, I go through less; it really just depends on what I'm doing that day and what I have on my mind. Each pod is about $5, which means I have spent about $1,800 on Juul pods since 2017. I'm comfortable financially, so the money isn't really the biggest issue for me, but that is a good chunk of change to be spending on something that you don't need.

The Juul has become a part of my life. I literally never leave the house without it; I depend on it. That is not good for my psychologically. Combine this with the health and monetary aspects, and I know that I will have to stop eventually. I don't want to be dependent on a Juul when I'm 60 years old. 

I have tried to stop before. My Juul stopped working several months ago, and I decided that I was just not going to buy another one. That lasted about 2 weeks, and I had a stressful week and broke. I went and bought another one, and I haven't even considered quitting again until now.

I'm writing this for three main reasons. The first is to actually get it down in writing so that I can hold myself accountable. If I want to start Juuling again, I can just say, "Hey, you already said that you were going to quit. You want to be a liar? You want to back out of your word?" I don't want to do either of those things, so a written promise to myself will help me a lot.

The second reason is to crowdsource. I am hoping that there are other people that have successfully quit that can share both their success and their failures. What was easy? What was hard? How do you feel about it now? Additionally, I'm hoping to get advice on what approach to take.

My initial plan was to buy a very boxy, inconvenient box mod and use 0-3mg juice for a while to gently get my body out of the groove. The thing about the Juul is that it is so convenient and stealthy. I can vape literally anywhere and no one will know. I thought that, by having a more conspicuous "cloud chucker" and a larger, less-convenient mod, I would vape less. For me, driving is one of my biggest triggers. I really hate driving, but I drive about 500 miles each week. Vaping has always made driving more tolerable. Perhaps I could just keep a box mod for my car and vape while I drive. I have reservations about this approach, however. Do I want to be tooting massive clouds when I'm 60 years old? I don't think so. My original goal with vaping was to quit smoking cigarettes. I succeeded. Now, I have to quit vaping. Replacing one vape with another, albeit an incremental step, doesn't feel like accomplishing too much.

Alternatively, I just stop buying the pods, don't buy another device, and let it go. Maybe I'll buy a fidget cube or something. This is a daunting concept for me mentally. It sounds ridiculous, but I can't imagine my life without Juul at this point. The fact that I feel that way is one of the major reasons that I want to quit. I feel that this would be the most beneficial approach, but I think that it also has the greatest potential for relapse. Obviously, it all comes down to willpower, but if I had the strongest willpower on earth, I would have never started smoking in the first place. I have already proven that just "deciding" to stop didn't work out too well for me. I have a pretty stressful job, and sometimes hitting that Juul is what really helps me get through the day. Isn't that sad? I have convinced myself that a stick that heats up chemicals that I suck into my lung is what I need to get through the day and/or to make the day more enjoyable.

A third option is to continue buying Juul pods and rationing them to myself. Limiting myself to one pack per week at first ( I usually go through about 1 and 1/2 to 2 packs per week), and slowly going down and down until a pod lasts me a week. I think that quitting would be relatively easy at that point.

What do you think I should do? Please, if you're struggling to quit Juul or if you have a quitting success story, share it in the comments.