Quit Vaping Cold Turkey - My Experience

Thought I would share my experience since I couldn't find many posts related to quitting vaping and its nicotine withdrawal. I have quit regular cigarettes before and I have found quitting the vape to be more brutal psychologically. 

I decided to stop vaping cold turkey, I had been vaping for 12 months and decided to stop because i found myself vaping too much on a daily basis (inhaling 3hrs a day) and I blamed my occasional headaches/irritability on it. I vaped 3ml nicotine (lowest dose you can normally buy) but had a big mod and dripper tank to get maximum hit.  

I wasn't expecting much withdrawal as I have been lead to believe most issues came with the other chemicals in cigarettes, how wrong was I. 3 days had passed and I felt nothing different, no urge.. nothing! then it hit me on the 4th day, massive anxiety and irritability. I would get emotional at anything to the point of wanting to cry ( I never cry unless people i know die). I felt trapped in my own mind. My 8 hour office job felt like a 24hr hell shift. No sleep, night sweats, major depression, stress & fatigue. these symptoms peaked on the 5th day and slowly subsided over another two weeks.

The difference between cigarette quit and vaping quit is that it was all mental with the vape, I didnt cough, My skin did not need to get better, my fitness wasn't affected by the vape, i didn't smell better or feel healthier. 

after 2-3 weeks I was starting to feel great, I then stupidly, and drunkenly vaped for one evening. this has brought on another hit of withdrawal which im currently into my 5th day. This time the symptoms are no where near as severe but still there, so do not ever think you can get away with just one hit and not think you wont have a drawn out comedown from it. I've still felt pretty shitty for the last 5 days compared to the high i felt 3 weeks no vape. 

I hope this messages reaches someone who needs it. For those that vape, come off it slowly if you ever want to stop.