I've Stopped Smoking, For Good.

I started smoking cannabis just before I turned 18. We used to combine it with mostly tobacco, to save on weed, which is much more expensive. After a while of smoking, I started to notice a huge craving whenever I stopped for a period. After a short time, when I didn't have any weed. I smoked tobacco on it's own. It took away the craving. From there I was set, whenever I wanted to take away the craving, which was every few hours, I'd just smoke a cigarette. 

Recently, I started to finally notice the effects. My fingers were getting stained, burn calluses started to appear where I held the cigarette, I started to smell of smoke, as did my room. I'd wake up in the morning coughing my lungs out, and it'd feel like I couldn't breathe at all without pain.

My girlfriend told me I needed to stop, which she'd been telling me since we'd started our relationship, with me smoking throughout. This, combined with the lung problems mainly were the reasons I needed to stop. Plus, it had already started to get expensive, and I was struggling to afford anything else.

I first started trying to quit by just not smoking. That didn't really help. I'd get a craving, be completely unable to convince myself not to smoke (I wouldn't even bother, half the time), and I'd be smoking again, telling myself this was my last. 

However, with pressure from my girlfriend, and the horrible reminder every single time I woke up in the morning that I was destroying my lungs, I knew I had to stop, so I devised a plan. Whenever I would have a cigarette, I would make it unpleasant for myself, so that I stopped associating smoking with a pleasurable sensation, and started associating it with something bad. For me, I smoked roll-ups. So I switched to cigarettes, at first, which are stronger feeling and more unpleasant in taste, and when I started to enjoy those, I switched to old tobacco I had neglected for a year and a bit. The harshness of the old tobacco, plus the nasty taste really drove home to me every single time that I didn't want to be smoking. Eventually, I started to feel revulsion at the idea of smoking, and that's when I knew I had stopped.

I haven't had a cigarette for about 3 months, but to me the time doesn't matter. I know that I will never smoke again. Whenever I get the craving, which I've heard never truly goes away, I just remember the disgust I felt, the nastiness of actually smoking, and I instantly know I don't want to smoke. 

I just wanted to share this just in the off-chance it helps someone. If it does nothing other than simply reinforce that you want to quit, then I am happy. If it's a method you too can adopt, and it helps, then I'm very happy.

Thanks everybody.