179 days later

I had forgotten how much energy I had before I quit smoking. It's like being a 12 year old all over again, every minute is exciting and it's up to you to make it exciting. I know these words would have meant nothing to me as a smoker but that's the truth.

Some interesting notes. The want of a cigarrette is still there, and hasn't changed much since the first 2 weeks. The NEED for a cigarette left after 2 days. The latter disappears much faster.

I had been eating extremely healthy, nothing but fat and protein, for about 6 months before I quit. I believe that helped me tremendously. I believe part of the addiction of anything has to do with the fact that it costs your body something. Your body then does the only thing it knows how to do, it craves food..which your body mistakes as cigarrettes cause they give you dopamine. The result is a positive feedback loop, you smoke, hurt, and smoke because you hurt. 

Eat as much protein as you can while you let your body heal, once it's healed thats when the NEED will go away. 

Don't quit unless you realize that you will always want a cigarrette, although you might not need it. There is no holy grail of forgetting that smoking feels good. You can however, remember forever that it is an illusion. So long as you remember that, you can fight that eternal desire. So never forget it.

I quit on a friday, cold turkey, I locked myself in the house for 3 days with food. I watched movies and slept nearly the entire time. I haven't had a cigar, e-cig, patch, or any other form of nicotine and I know from experience that the results are short-lived. The pain those 3 days, hell every cold turkey attempt's pain, gave me - is what makes me continue.

Every time you quit, at the very least, will be used as ammunition to quit later. Dependence is a terrible psychological state, which can easily lead to depression. Use it to your advantage, as more willpower capital to quit. 

Godspeed quitters, every single quitting attempt means something.