Help! Terrible withdrawal and suicidal thoughts.

A little backstory: I had a very bad bout with severe clinical depression for several years, about 12 years ago.  It ultimately culminated in me losing over 100lbs and snapping out of the depression like flipping a switch.  I have not had any depression since, but I know what severe depression feels like.

I quit smoking this morning, from about 8-12 per day.  I've actually quit before (from well over a pack a day), and didn't have nearly this bad of a time with it.  Crushing depression.  All-over body aches.  Nausea.  Headaches.  My mind keeps wandering and telling me that being dead would be better than feeling like this.  I've heard people talk about waiting out a craving, but I've been literally unable to think about anything but smoking and killing myself to make it stop.  This has been a solid 24 hour craving that almost never lets up.

I have a quit coach that calls me daily through my company.  Today, I told him that quitting is making me feel suicidal, and he kinda laughed it off and said it'll get better.  I tried to tell him that I'm a little afraid for my safety, and he said that these are normal side effects.  At the moment, I'm NOT serious considering suicide, but these thoughts are terrible and impossible to stop.  I'm worried that they'll get worse.  I'm sure it will get better, but I'm having trouble coping with it in the meantime.  For a full 24 hours, my brain has been SCREAMING at me that quitting smoking isn't worth the depression, and I'm starting to believe it.

I'm NOT on Chantix, and actually decided against Chantix because I had depression 12 years ago.  I am on NRT gum.  I know I'm using it right, but it doesn't seem to do a thing for me but make me more nauseous.  I did about 12 pieces yesterday and today.  Any more and I just feel too sick.  I'm chewing and parking, and trying hard not to swallow.

Someone please help me out here.  Can this possibly feel any worse than it already does?  How can I have a craving this intense for this long?  Is there any risk of my depression getting worse?  Is there any way I can reduce the depression symptoms?