Quitting (again) after a relapse... Had quit for 10+ years.

I quit smoking back in February of 2003.  Started back up late in 2013...  Just quit again February 28th 2015.

When I quit 13 years ago I was ABSOLUTELY SURE that I would never touch another cigarette.  I got to the point where I almost never thought about it.  Occasionally I would have one of those dreams where I find myself in the middle of smoking and would feel terrible about it, but I would wake up, realize it was a dream and just let it go.  

I tried using the patch the first time I quit.  Honestly, while it helped somewhat with the base craving, it did not make it all that much easier for me.  I guess it just kind of dragged on the anxiety for me because I now had a bunch of mini quit dates with each dosage reduction.  Once I decided to just get it over with, it seemed a little easier to accept because it was so final.  I knew it would be rough, but I just knew I was done too.  The first week to 10 days were the worst.  Seemed like every hour or so I'd have an overwhelming desire to smoke.  I fought each of those battles 5 minutes at a time.  That really seemed to be the reality for me...  If I could just get past that 5 minutes, I could have another hour or more without much effort.  I made myself get up and take a break.  Most of my smoking revolved around needing time to solve a problem that I was stuck on.  Soon the cravings were only a few times a day, then once a day...  Some days would be harder than others, so it was not like "tomorrow will always be better than today" kind of affair.  Even after a few years, every once in a while I would have to have one of those days where it was a battle again.  I think what made me start smoking again was forgetting about that whole process - not having had the battle for too long.

I got over confident.  I went on a multiple day kayak/camping trip.  Someone brought cigars from a recent vacation trip.  I thought it would be no big deal, have a cigar and forget about it just like everyone else in the group did.  The one cigar turned into one that evening and one the next evening.  Not a big deal at the time.  It was too much fun though it seemed.  Fun enough that shortly after that trip I picked up some of those very same cigars - Just for the next evening campfire with friends of course...  You know how this goes down hill fast...  I did only smoke a cigar every so often (at first), but once they were in the house and available, I found myself inventing special occasions.  I'm pretty sure that at some point in the self deception I actually bought a fire pit just to increase the opportunities to have a cigar.  It got to the point where I was justifying one every Weekend, then one every so often after work (as a reward).  That escalated to one on the long drive to work and one on the way home nearly every day (to cope)...  When it got to the point where I was ordering $150.00 cases of cigars on line to "save some money on retail", I realized what an idiot I was.  I had justified that cigars were not the same as cigarettes somehow.  I had allowed myself to make a bunch of BS loopholes.  Sure enough, when I stopped the cigars, the cravings were back full force.  I actually think they were much worse, because I wasn't expecting it to be that big of a deal and I hadn't prepared myself for those 5 minute battles, so when they hit....  I stressed myself out, came up with excuses for how mini-cigars were at least less expensive than regular cigars, and I could quit when it was less stressful...  Then I was back to smoking high end specialty cigarettes, then cheaper ones.  Each step trying to convince myself that at least it wasn't "those" cigarettes.  Really pathetic excuses.  That was over a year ago and I've been up around a pack a day up until this weekend.

I had been thinking about picking a date since new years, but you know how you can always find some stressful future event that makes it a "difficult" time to quit.  It took getting really sick for me to get my head out of my back side.   I had a horrible fever and after a couple of trips outside in a blanket with fever chills trying to smoke while aching everywhere, I realized that all the excuses and BS were just ridiculous.  I was back to being a slave at any cost.  I quit.

I thought I'd share my story.  I honestly thought that I had this beat already and would never have to go through it again.  I feel stupid for letting myself make so many lame excuses.  I thought that I was over that childishness, but I guess I never really will be.  I lost a lot of money, health, opportunities and time for a couple of cigars that I could have easily passed up.  

Live and learn.  Day 2.  Hanging in there and glad that I finally forced myself to quit again.
