Smoke on weekends not during work week at all

So I travel for a living--- when I am away at work Sunday night-Friday I do not smoke cigarettes at all and have little to no urge to smoke one.  Every Friday after work I fly home where I live with my wife.  She does not smoke during the week but every Friday she will go buy cigarettes and smoke.  She smoked for 8 years--- quit and now smokes "socially" and "on the weekends".  She usually buys the cigarettes when we fight and she gets upset/stressed.  We have been fighitng a lot for a couple months (just bad months not serious marriage problems) and everytime we fight she goes to the gas station and buys cigarettes.  I too want to go buy cigarettes when we fight but I resist the urge about 90% of the time.  But when she gets home I cave in and smoke cigarettes with her and we usually make up over a cigarette.  (I know weird).  

Anyways--- I have tried to get her to vow to me to not buy cigarettes or smoke them for 2 weeks straight.  She has vowed twice and broke the agreement immediately when I get home.  This past weekend it happened again and she even argued with me that smoking on the weekends is not a problem-- that you dont get cancer from smokign a couple cigarettes on the weekend.  This really upset me and last night when I got back to the city I work in, I called her and told her how upset i was that she keeps caving in and buyng cigarettes and Im more mad at myself that I cave in after she buys them and smokes.

Is this just something that I need to do on my own?  I thought she would want to completely quit smoking with me but I'm beginning to think that she doesn't want to.  I know I have my own willpower but it is very hard to quit smokign when you are fighting with your wife and she immediately buys cigarettes.  i cannot "only" be around nonsmokers.  I cannot make her stop buying cigarettes and I cannot stop us from fighting.  I know the only thing i can do is prevent myself from smoking even if she does buy cigs.  But it is very frustrating for me because I know I could stop smoking a lot easier if I was alone for a couple weeks (without my wife)-- I feel horrible saying that but its true.

Any advice is much appreciated.