This is exactly how, after numerous attempts through out a couple of years, i was finally able to quit smoking.

I had been smoking for 12 years started when i was 15 because i thought it was cool; i was a skateboarder and most of the skaters i looked up smoked, so therefore i smoked too. 
fast forward a few years and im up to smoking about a pack a day half a pack on good days. This went on for the last 2 years or so, i had moved away from home, started a new life but my habit followed me like a gum stuck to my shoe on a hot summers day. I had fallen into depression, smoking a lot of weed 5-6 joints per day PLUS a pack per day. I stopped playing soccer and basketball, i stopped skateboarding, i was eating terribly, drinking a lot (by a lot i mean more than i ever have but not alcoholic status) spending more and more time by myself (i still had music and art but something inside me was meh about it all.)
to make matters worse i had my heart broken at the beginning of this year, i was close to smoking a pack per day + a few from a new pack. i couldnt go to sleep before smoking and couldnt start my day without puffing, both weed and cigarettes. i do not know how i maintained this lifestyle even for a week... but i did... for nearly two years.
i had tried many times before to quit always telling myself "this is the last pack"
then
"no seriously this is the last pack"
and again and again...
any way... all that is backstory.... now to how i did it.....

i woke up one day with the all too familiar smokers cough... irritable, groggy, dry mouth, parched lips... as sickly as a "healthy" man can be. 

i had about 15 or so cigs left in the pack i had barely opened the night before.

something inside me clicked...

i grabbed them.... went to the bathroom and i said goodbye... each cigarette destroyed by my finger tips, then drowned in the water that leads to the sea... as i destroyed them, i literally said goodbye but with conviction, like a lover who has done you wrong and you love them but the damage they do to you is far greater than the few moments of pleasure. 
i even threw away  about a gram of weed because she too had to go, i was a stoner... if i could have done nothing but smoke weed all day and play video games i would have.
i said goodbye to her.... as i watched them both go... i felt liberated... i even shed a tear because i knew inside of me that somehow this time was different... something inside me wanted out of all that...
i immediately started a massive life style change... changed my diet, my sleeping schedule, cut out drinking all-together, taking cold showers (i read a lot on the effects of such on the brain and the body itself) stopped doing drugs (never had a problem with them but might as well no?)
i started walking to the grocery store, riding my bike to work... realizing that all this time i had so many options... options i didnt know i had... i had had such a long habit that i thought i had no say in the matter... that i had no option but to smoke and continue a detrimental lifestyle. 
once you realize that ultimately YOU are in control there is no limit to what you can do... so long as it is what you want... and want it full heartedly...

im hesitant to say it was easy... cus it wasnt, but i never really thought of smoking at all with so many changes going on around me
and in me. 
its been about 4-5 months i no longer keep track as i consider myself a non smoker now. i had a drag this past weekend just cus... fucking hated it...

i think the biggest factor, for me, was that i didnt let "this is the last pack" be the last pack... i made the conscious decision that i was done, regardless of how many cigarettes were left in the pack... i made the choice to destroy that part of me and give way to a better me... 

make your choices and stick to them, no one else will do it for you...

best of luck, 
a non-smoker
 