Is it even worth it? [Long, sort of ranty]

So, I'll start off and say I'm not your typical quitter. My badge says I've been quit for seven months and that's utter bullshit. It's been seven months since I tried to quit the first time. 

I started smoking at 18, and quit 3 months later after a four day break. That was it, four days. Then last september I got a job at a drugstore and I started it up again after a scary medical incident. 

In that time frame, I've gotten the worst boss ever, started dating, and discovered/realized I have Asperger's Syndrome. Everybody else at work smokes. People are fucking stupid. Anyway, it's been stressful. And every few months (it's only been like, 9 months since I started again) I try to quit for a few days, and I never get past day 5. 

Last tuesday I tried quitting again. The third legit attempt in the last three months. I really want to quit. It's bad for my lungs, I can't taste things, and even in CA it's expensive to go through a pack a week.

But I feel like a fraud. I see people on here struggling with having smoked for 15+ years. I see people who started as underage teenagers. I see people with broken wallets and broken lives. And here I am, this spry, Asperger-bound newbie, trying to quit. I feel like I don't *deserve* to quit because others have suffered for much longer.

In the last 7 days, I've only smoked two cigarettes and been on the patch for three of those days. I had to use the step 3 patch because the step 2 patch made me exceptionally sick. Sometimes I wonder if it's even a battle worth fighting if I only smoke at most, 5 cigarettes a day. I deal with people every day coming in for their daily pack. Some of them buy four packs twice a week to split with a partner. They all seem healthy and just fine. And here I am coughing up a lung after just those 3 (or so) cigs. I mean, I live by a river with grass that catches fire at least once a week. There is always smoke in the air around here, what more is it to actually put the smoke straight into my lungs and get a buzzy feeling afterwards?

So my question to you guys is this: Is it even worth quitting?