Week one cigarette free! My story

I've been a long time lurker and have only now decided to create a profile and I want to use my first ever post to share something I am proud of. I have been cigarette free for a week. 
I'll start at the beginning,
I was at a party in Vancouver when had my first cigarette which I feel like was a Belmont. It gave me the spins and added a fun element to my booze, weed and whatever else fuelled night on the town. I must have had a few that night because I remember already feeling that mouth-watering crave for more later that week so I bought a pack for myself.
Those initial cravings were so light in comparison to the withdrawal cravings I would have in later years. I wish I had never bought that first pack. 

Five years later the 2-3 smokes a day had gone up to 20-25 and I had upgraded to king size. My partner is a heavy smoker (25-30+ a day) so it has been easy to light up more frequently just by being around a fellow smoker. It becomes normalized with the ebb and flow of day to day life together. If we work together and it's time for a break which means it's time for a smoke or if we have something to talk over, "let's have a smoke about it!". I started smoking in my car, I smoked when I was stressed, I smoked when I was relaxed I smoked when I was bored. I was addicted to nicotine but always knew that cigarettes do fuck all for actual stress relief, they can't relieve boredom and they can't do squat for an already good time. 

All it can do is relieve the withdrawal symptoms caused by the previous cigarette. That's it. That's all.

I've always hated it. Partly why I started because I would obsess to the point of anxiety over smokers and their choice, if I became a smoker then I can't get so worked up about other people smoking. Besides, I hate it so much, I could quit any time I wanted I was 23 and I could do anything! 

 I'm certain my disdain for smoking comes from not dealing with losses which were out of my control, issues from losing close members of my family and my childhood home due to cigarettes (not all at the same time fortunately, that would just be too tragic!). 

On September 6 at 11pm I had my last cigarette. I didn't know it at the time tho. I had been given a bag of powdered Kratom as a gift and noticed I just wouldn't smoke or finish a smoke when I was drinking the Kratom or feeling it's caffeine like effects. After some brief internetting, I read how others had the same experience and some even quit smoking altogether!

It would have been mid afternoon on the 7th of September when I realized that I hadn't smoked yet. By that point of the day I normally would have had 7-10 and it wasn't until I had a craving for one that I noticed I had gone 16hrs without a cigarette. I had a cup of kratom and the craving subsided quickly and I kept myself occupied. Now I was curious to see how long I could go without caving in. Craving intensity on a scale of 1-10. I would say 8, and it hung around for about 5minutes.

I've never had an easy time quitting in the past. I've easily spent over a grand to quit smoking between inhalers, e-cigs and various cigarette "juices" for them, patches, gum, lozenges, Wellbutrin, hypnotherapy and counselling sessions etc. The cravings and withdrawal each time made me severely depressed and took me from an alright place mentally, to a pit of self-sabotage and self-loathing. I caved every time and I still felt like being shitty to myself because I was smoking again!

This time is different.

I read redditors stories about how they quit to keep me inspired, I downloaded an app which had great reviews from one of you guys (Smoke Free). I also watched Barb Tarbox on YouTube. For you Canadian smokers, you'll recognize her from our cigarette boxes. 

It was at this one point on the YouTube video when she's explaining to a group of school kids about radiation therapy, how it works and what it's for. She pulls off her hat and shows how she lost all her hair due to treatment. The camera shows her little audience members with jaws dropping, some tear up and a few look away in shock. It's the scene right after that when she's explaining to the interviewer that she had 12 bouts of radiation therapy and they don't know if was going to work. "It might, but we just don't know". 

It was that scene which made me go cold. It brought on an all too familiar feeling of uncertainty, fear, regret and hopelessness. It brought me back to my grandmothers hospital bed. A husk of the woman she was six months prior. She was only 61, rake thin, her laugh which would get the whole room roaring with her, gone, her zest for life which would uplift everyone around her, gone. A beautiful, affectionate and humorous lady, gone. It brought me back to my childhood home where I remember waking up in the middle of the night to the vicious sounds of my maternal grandfather hacking up phlegm into the toilet down the hall. Gobs of army green mucus, streaked with red and a white foam would float on the water surface and greet whoever was next to use the bathroom. His fight with a smoking related illness wasn't quick like my paternal grandmother. She faded away in a matter of months, his emphysema had him live on for two decades fighting off pneumonia year after year, taking breaks walking any distance, angina attacks, heaving over sporadically to clear out some breathing space in his lungs. 

His was a drawn out death, he lived into his mid 80s but it also wasn't living either. Instead of enjoying retirement, he battled illness after illness. Same with my grandmother. She and her husband retired, went on one vacation together, put new windows in their old farmhouse and then she died. What a rip off.

I had another relative at home who smoked in her bedroom. One summer afternoon she didn't butt out a cigarette properly and a small fire started. It was a big house so no one even realized until a neighbour ran over and sounded the alarm. By the time the fire department made it there it was too late. The old place burned all through the evening, night and well into the morning until until only the brick walls stood. What was left was soon demolished and a bungalow now sits on the site.

People say that those who take their own lives are selfish. The hurt, the loss and self-blame put on those who are left behind is an act of selfishness put onto them by the victim of suicide.

If you look at it that way then Smoking is no different. 

The only difference is those around the smoker get to watch them tie the noose over and over and over with each cigarette that gets lit. Smokers only look as far as the next cigarette they can have, the non-smokers close to them see further. They see their loved one looking older than they should, they overhear lung-butter being hacked up in the bathroom down the hall, they smell the stale scent of tobacco in their clothes and hair every time they want to be close with their loved one. They see their own futures waiting in hospital rooms, anxious with anticipation that the news isn't terminal, or they envision their loss and moving on alone.

 Smoking is selfish and I love my friends and I love my family and I love the potential my future has in store for it. I know it's going to take me a while to achieve everything I want to get there. I can't let a present addiction and an eventual failure of health hold me back. I will not hurt those who love me by making them watch me kill myself slowly. To watch someone close die in such a drawn out, disgraceful way is all the more heartbreaking when you know they did it to themselves. It could have been prevented altogether. 

We can go at any time, anywhere. I'm choosing not to invite a slew of smoking related illnesses and diseases to my front door. If it happens down the road, at least I can say I honestly did my best and I'm ok with that. I'd rather die knowing in my heart that I tried rather than to land on deaths door with regret "I should have quit then, I should have quit then!". 

How am I doing now? 
I enjoy keeping track with the smoke free app for android. It shows me how much money I've saved, it charts my cravings and intensity levels for me to review and see improvements. Cravings have gone down from 8 out of 10, 12 times a day to 1 or 2 out of 10, 3 times a day. The cravings are so mild now, it's like I'm back in that first week I ever smoked. This time I'm not going to buy that pack. The app also tracks health benefits of quitting so it's a really nice feeling seeing a bright green bar filled 100% nicotine free, and my oxygen and carbon dioxide levels in my blood are that of a non smoker. It's uplifting.
I munch on Tic-Tacs, drink lots of water, I haven't had a need for a cup of Kratom for a few days and I've avoided being around smokers. At this point, out of sight is out of mind.

My partner who is a heavy smoker will help out in his own way. I can only hope that he will quit altogether on his own terms but in the meantime all I can ask is that he continues to make some adjustment to his habits. He no longer smokes when we are in the car together, and at home, smoking is kept to the back patio where the ashtray can be put out of sight after use. 
Out of sight. Out of mind. It really does help. 

I don't know how this time was easier to quit cold turkey. It started with already being at the rock bottom of a depression, the withdrawal could not possibly have made me feel any worse than I already did. This was a particularly difficult depression so the nicotine withdrawal probably did have some negative influence on that. However, depressed or not I have a little bit of pride in myself. That was my goal, even if I'm going to be depressed I'll come out of this depression being a little bit closer to the type of person I want to be. I will have accomplished and kicked a deadly, pointless addiction in the butt entirely by my own inner strength and determination. 

I guess this means I can do anything now eh? Maybe I can do university, or land my dream job, maybe I'll develop new techniques to brush anxiety and depression to the side before it has a chance to block my path.

That is my story, it's out there now. I hope someone who may be struggling with smoking may stumble upon this and feel they can relate and take some inspiration like I did reading other redditors success, tips and stories.
