Some very unconventional advice that worked for me.

I loved smoking. I loved everything about it. For 20...something years I smoked my face off. Between 20-50 cigarettes per day. I knew it was disgusting, awful, filthy...I loved it. Then my dad died. At 62. Quickly. From smoking. I watched him die when he didn’t want to. Crying that he wasn’t ready.  I was the person that everyone said would never quit. 

After MANY failed attempts, here’s what worked for me. 

1. Don’t quit now! Unless you’re sick. 
Yep, waiting til I contracted the bubonic plague (man cold) was the best thing I did. 
Here’s why; I felt like utter shit. As a result, the desire to smoke was greatly reduced but more importantly, my desire to socialize was drastically reduced. This has always been my biggest obstacle. Drinking, smoking and socializing on a patio has been my most favourite hobby since I became old enough to do so. 

2. Prepare for snack fest! Buy Stevia! 
Oh yes my friends, it is true, you will want to eat ALL THE THINGS. After a life time of successfully avoiding sweets and craving mostly cheesy, savoury snacks, I found myself eating 3 year old, freezer burnt ice cream, sprinkled with sugar and a handful of stale chocolate chips from my baking drawer that I’d long forgotten about. 
Buy stevia!! And make stuff with it. You and your gut will thank me later. Seriously. 

3. After one month of avoiding people, stop avoiding people and buy a Vape/e-cig. 
Seems weird right? Go cold turkey and after a month, buy a vape. Here’s why; cause when you do start socializing again, you WILL want to smoke. Get a vape with zero nicotine juice. You no longer need the nicotine, you do however need something. After staring at my friend over a bar table for 10 minutes and realizing I hadn’t listened to ANYTHING he said, I knew I needed....something. Turns out he had noticed I was terrible company and insisted I smoked as he enjoyed me better as a smoker. Well sure he fucking did. I was happy, carefree, loving life and dying slowly, cigarette by cigarette..

4. Get your 8 hours. 
My hardest day was about three weeks into quitting. I woke up after 4 hours...maybe 3  hours of restless sleep with a busy day ahead. I was tired. All day I was tired. And all day I wanted to smoke. Smoke smoke Smokey smoke! Get your sleep folks. Cause just when you think you’ve nailed it, you’ll have a sleepless night and WOW you will miss smoking. 

5. If you screw up, don’t throw in the towel. 
Do not change your original quit date! This was my shitty excuse when I failed my first 50 attempts at quitting. 
The last time (the very last) I screwed up. I had done soooo well. Five weeks cold turkey, and several coconut flavoured tequila shots later and I’m lighting a cigarette. It was GROSS!!! I felt like shit the next day and I was never tempted to do it again. Not even after tequila....Which is the next thing to go. 

If I can quit, you definitely can!!! 
