Almost 10 years into smoking; time to close this chapter.

After many attempts, some very successful (with obvious relapses), some lasting merely hours, I'm going for it.  I've been smoking for as long as I've been drinking; I picked up both during college and never turned back.  Both have become fairly terrible addictions, with smoking being between 1-2 packs a day and my drinking averaging probably at least 8 beers a day (it's far worse with liquor).  

I feel like i've built up huge tolerances to both, to the point where it seems I need them both in high quantities to feel normal (whereas I tend to be depressed within a day if I try to stop either of the two.  

It's ridiculous to me.  I knew I would probably become an alcoholic in my teens due to my families attitude towards drinking and having alcoholism in my family, but I hated the fact that my mother smoked and fought with her to get her to quit when I was young, only to pick the addiction up myself later in life.  

Starting tomorrow, both me and my wife will be taking the dive.  I've finally got her on the same page with me since we agreed that these things are killing us and we don't want to do this to ourselves or each other should one of us get sick because of it.

We've both tried E-Cigs to no avail.  Honestly, they worked for almost two weeks, but the craving for a real cigarette caught us.  I don't doubt that they could have worked if we put effort back into it, but I never had the intention of trading one addiction for another.  I'd rather drop nicotine completely and never look back.

Luckily my addictions haven't totally screwed me so far.  We've been tight on money a couple of times during the first few years of being together, but it never made us destitute.  But every time I look at the finances, I see just how much we spend and it sickens me. Fuck, I'm paying a large car payment to kill myself.  Also glad i've had enough control with alcohol to not let it affect my work ethic, and we are in a far better position financially at the moment. Unfortunately, with how things have went in my life, I have no support system other than my wife anymore.  The tight bonds I built with people have all broken in a multitude of ways, and I'm not in a position to gain closure, so this only exacerbates things.

I'm not one to speak about myself often, but I know even a little support goes a long way.  I've become something I don't like and I'm going to make sure this ends from the date we've specified for ourselves. This has frustrated me for so long, and I hate to feel defeated, but that's exactly what I see when I look at my actions.  

I'm tired of feeling like a zombie.  I want my god damn life back. 