3 weeks in, really struggling right now

I am pretty anxious right now, and have been craving cigs constantly for the last few days. I have also been really irritable. '

for background, I smoked between half to a whole pack a day for about 10 years. 

I never had the desire to quit until about 3 or 4 years ago. ever since then, I have been back and forth, quitting at one point for 6 months. after that, just brief quitting interludes which never lasted more than a week or so. 

most recently, I had been feeling the physical effects of smoking more acutely. when I would take a very deep breath, I could feel my lungs wheeze at the bottom. I woke up every. single. morning. with a sore throat. I developed a chronic post-nasal drip situation so that I constantly had to clear my throat, and I mean constantly. 

So then I came down with a very bad cold. And after laying in bed for three days hopped up on cold medicine, I realized I hadn't smoked a few days, so I decided to let it roll and see how far I could get quitting this time. 

At first I treated this as a very casual quit, trying not to put too much pressure on myself. and that worked pretty well up until the last few days. 

I have been constantly craving cigs, and my brain is trying to rationalize all the reasons why I should just start smoking again. I am about to move across the country to start a PhD program, and I know I will be under a lot of pressure in that program and so deep down I believe I will resort to smoking again sooner or later. 

For the moment I am trying to stay strong. But it has been increasingly difficult the last few days. I know I don't want to feel sick all the time, but for some reason I still crave the damn things. 

Sometimes I put the problem to myself this way: If you were sick, and you knew how to cure yourself, would you do it? the obvious answer is yes. so clearly, if I just stop smoking, all of these chronic smoking ailments will cease. So why can't I just stop?

I'm not sure what to do at this point. Thanks to anyone who read this whole thing. I have been coming to this sub often and really feed off of the shared experience and the safe space this sub provides. 
