Quit Smoking Now!

Hi Reddit,

I'm a long time lurker, never posted before and am using a throwaway account for this post for personal reasons.

Since I was about 26 (I'm 44 now), I've been a closet smoker. About two years ago, i moved out of my house to live during the week in another town for work. I decided since no one really knew me in this new place, I could come out of the closet so to speak and smoke freely. This drastically increased my consumption. About a year ago, my wife and I separated and consumption increased again to about 20/day. All the while I was maintaining a good physical fitness level, running and working out regularly.

About three weeks ago, I was sitting at work and started coughing up blood. A lot of blood. This freaked me out and I went to the emergency room. Chest XRay and blood work fine, but a follow up CT Scan is scheduled for next Tuesday. I have pretty high anxiety at the best of times, but this my friends has topped all other previous episodes. I've done so much reading on the web I'm convinced I have lung cancer and I'm just waiting for the CT scan to confirm it.

I have two wonderful children that need me. I have a loving family and a decent career. I have often thought that I've been so lucky in life. Why I rolled the dice against that luck the way I did is something I may never understand. I quit smoking the day after the blood came out, but its possible its too late. So if you are thinking of quitting smoking, do it now. Your family needs you. I've lived a charmed life so far, I'm afraid of dying for sure, but mostly i worry for my children and my ex who still need my support and putting everyone I care about through the devastating emotional trauma of a cancer diagnosis, treatment, etc.

My 2 cents.

UPDATE: 12 August. Had my CT scan yesterday. It's a few days to get the results. My anxiety is high but what can I do about it now? I fell off the non-smoking bandwagon last night with some perverse logic of the 'damage being done already'. Back on today but the addictive power of cigarettes surprises me every time.

UPDATE: 12 August (later) scan results are in. Negative for cancer or anything suspicious! I'm so relieved! I'm sticking to this quitting smoking thing!