One year ago I smoked my last cigarette

Smoked from 18-27. About 1/2 pack a day for most of that time. The last year or 2 I was on the patch, which helped a lot too, but it was just a tool. I would not recommend it because I still found myself smoking on it. 


I hadn’t even thought about how long it’s been. Checked my stop smoking app and turns out it’s roughly a year today that I smoked my last cigarette. I felt it would be good to reflect and share a few thoughts. 

The biggest factor in quitting was that I started skateboarding again regularly. But any exercise really helped me push through. 


I read Alan Carr, “Easy way to stop smoking” after I had stopped for about a month. The book encourages you to read it while you’re still smoking. If you are inclined, you can pick it up. Great book. It tackles the mental games that we all play to keep the habit alive.


First day, week, month all had their struggles. The uncomfortable feelings and anxiety I felt during that time were just the addiction leaving my body. I tried to see the upside. The pain I felt short term was an investment in my future long term health and well being.


I will never smoke again. Smoking one cigarette would start the cycle back over. I would never dream of smoking again, or even ingesting any nicotine. I feel like I have a second chance at life. When I was ten I learned the dangers of smoking and coed never to smoke. Now I am 28 and I am now know to never make the same mistake.

Every day has been a small celebration. When I feel down I revel in the fact that at least I don’t have an addiction weighing me down, and I can take a deep breath and calm myself.


I found that I can now focus on other ways to improve myself. Once you learn how to quit this habit, you have gained a skill. You can then apply that skill to other bad habits in your life. 

I still have nightmares about smoking sometimes, mostly around 4-8 months after quitting. I wake up feeling terrible with myself because I still made the decision even though it was just a dream. Those have mostly stopped for me. 

Hope that helps. First couple weeks are tough but it is mainly in short directions of small 15 minute cravings. Drinking some water and exercise helped me for the most part. 

