After two years, I think I might be quitting...

Hello everyone

I figured this might be the right place to post this. I'm assuming this sub is about quitting cigarette smoking, not weed. Before I start, here's a little background information about me. I'm 19 years old, have taken up smoking about 2 years ago, and started smoking heavily around 1 year ago. By smoking heavily I'm talking at least 1 pack a day, and around 2 packs on weekend days or nights of partying.

So, here's the thing. Exactly one week ago I caught this extremely consistent cold, which had me coughing more heavily than ever before. At first I wasn't really sure if it was an actual cold or just the effects of smoking around 1 pack of cigarettes a day. Anyway, it was a rough week, so I was very overwhelmed when the week ended and partied a lot on the weekend, which involved heavy drinking and smoking about 2 packs on Friday night, despite coughing heavily all the time. As I said, I didn't care about my cold at that point because I felt like I deserved to free my head of this very rough week of work I had mastered. So, on Sunday I ended up lying in bed all day and I even caught some fever. This led to me not smoking at all for about two days (I skipped work on Monday). On Tuesday, I felt way better, still had the cough, but I thought screw it, I wanna try a cigarette again after managing to stay fully abstinent for over two days, which was quite the performance considering I had been smoking over a pack a day for over a year. That's when I realized that I never really smoked because I was heavily addicted but actually enjoyed the taste of it very much, since that wasn't the case after my few days of sickness. It really didn't feel the same. I felt like I was inhaling pure poison, which isn't quite false after all. 

Now that I'm feeling sane again, I just tried another cigarette a few minutes ago with the same result. I instantly got back to coughing very heavily and it didn't taste like it used to. So I'm thinking now might be the right time to quit. I had never really put much thought into this before since my brand isn't as strong as others (0.4g of nicotine), but right now I'm seriously considering it. What's the point in smoking if it tastes like shit?

So, I think this will be my last cigarette for a while. I'm wondering, has anyone had a similar experience with smoking. Did it suddenly just not taste good to you anymore? 

I might update in a week or so how it is going. Peace

