How my girlfriend tricked me into quitting smoking ~ 75 days ago and didn't realize it until Friday...

I know there is mixed feelings in this community about e-cigs and vaping. I was one who decided to try the vape method of quitting. My girlfriend has our only credit card between us, so she did the online ordering for me. Anyway, I guess what I didn't realize was that from day 1, she had been ordering 0 nic vape for me. She even used my own label maker and changed the labels on my bottles so I would think I was stepping down my nicotine intake. We ordered from a guy who "home brews" his own juices so he doesn't have fancy labels a friend-of-a friend deal. Throughout the course of that first week I had finished off my last pack of cigs and switched to full vape. over the past 75 days I'd tried various flavors to various degrees of enjoyment of the e-cigs, that is until Friday night. Through a series of stupid decisions I broke my e-cig and was without a way to get a new one. you guys all know the concern you used to get when you were on your last cig and knew you couldn't get more for a few hours? That's what happened to me. A few of you even warned me of it at some point or another in this sub. Anyway, given into a less-then-sober desire for nicotine, I bummed a smoke from a friend. 

However, I couldn't even put the thing near my face with out wanting to vomit. the smell wafting out of it any time it was under my nose made me gag so hard that I had to excuse myself from the party I was at and had to go find a bush out back just in case I did blow. while leaning over a bush dry-heaving from the disgusting smell of a cigarette I was smiling the whole time knowing I was officially a non-smoker. Later that evening as my girlfriend picked me up from the party I was at she asked where my vape was, I told her how it broke and she revealed to me that she has been purchasing 0 nicotine juices and labeling them as other things for months now. 

I've not inhaled anything that isn't air since Friday and would officially like to request a badge for starting November 1st. 

Not sure how I do that though

thanks for reading

Also, she's really my Fiance, habits made me type girlfriend but I'm too lazy to go back and change them - but that's why we share finances and the credit card and such, I'm not dumb enough to do that with just a girlfriend. 