I stopped smoking by getting a shot behind each ear

I found this sub and thought I would share my story. I been smoking since around 16 and 15 years later and trying to quit a hundred times , i always picked back up. 
My friend quit and told me he paid 425 for a shot. I laughed and didnt think it would work and kept smoking.

        My fiance is a non smoker she was always complaining of my smell and her mother in law dying of stage 4 lung cancer , the pressure was on me. I found myself smoking a whole pack just during a night of drinking. I was starting to feel like if i didnt stop now i would be dead , and i live a good life , i own a business and make decent money , it just didnt make sense me wanting to end my life early , i signed up for the shot.

  Its not like you walk in and get a shot , i think it was like 3 weeks away. The guy told me continue smoking until then. The night before i got really drunk and smoked my ass off. My girl had to drive me to the appointment. I thought of a plan i was gonna go and pay the money and come back another day because i just couldnt quit now , i had to much work , one of my workers quit work and any reason possible to keep smoking. We pull up and the building didnt say anything about the name of the clinic. I found out that they are not allowed to advertise due to big tobacco lawsuits. Anyways i figured i was at the right place because there was 20 people outside smoking on the side of the building.

      They call me back with a group of 15 people and made us watch a video. Im going to be honest i was looking at every one in my group like a bunch of losers. I didnt want to be associated with them . They dr said now every one step outside and smoke your final cigarettes and every one jumped up and i looked at them like programmed robots. I said im good , and sat inside. I was done . Smoking ruined my life long enough. Every one was like wow you dont want your last smoke ? I said no im done.

 They called me back and i thought of every excuse not to get the shot for 3 weeks ,now they couldnt give me this shot quick enough. I have to tell every single person that read this i never thought it would actually work n i figured id be sneaking cigarettes the next day and smoking full time again in a week. I got the shot and i stayed in my bed the next day watching tv . The following day i excersised from 9 am to 2 pm and i did the same on sunday. It wAsnt until i drove to work on monday i had the urge to smoke but i just bought a bag of dum dum lolly pops. Every time that next week i got mad or got a craving i ate a lolly pop or 2. 

 Next thing u know it was 2 weeks. I was chewing gum now. I was flossing my teeth.i was eating healthy i joined a gym . Hey guys i havent smoked in a month , hey guys 60 days , hey guys 120 days to now i almost forgot i ever smoked and dont even remember the day. All i know is im never going to smoke another cigarette. I feel so bad judging other people but some how i brainwashed myself into thinking that smokers are losers. One of my workers smoked it pissed me off and grossed me out ! I dont know why i convinced myself that but it worked. With help from the shot.

 If anyone wondering what shot i recieved i got it at the stop smoking clinic in tampa. The wellplex stop smoking shot for 425 dollars. I never thought it actually worked and it is exactly what i needed to finally block the cravings.

Sorry for the long read it was worth it to me to create this account and write this  if i help 1 person quit. Anyone need help feel free to  pm me .
   