Mistakes were made, lessons were learned.

Hi folks, long-time lurker in this sub (apologies for the throwaway account), popping in to share my experience this week, which I think really highlights the importance of quitting before the addiction starts causing real damage. 

Often times the serious consequences of smoking are easy to put out of mind, because of their delayed nature. Sure, we notice the spending increases and the crinkled noses when friends smell smoke on our sweaters, but the truly grave health concerns often seem far-off and unthreatening. We've probably all shared this thought: "I'll quit before the health issues seriously become a problem." Well, my experience this week will forever dispel such thoughts from my mentality. 

This week I had all four of my wisdom teeth pulled out. For those of you who have shared this miserable experience, you know that using straws or dragging on cigarettes is strictly prohibited, because the suction can damage the sutures and blood clotting that protects the extraction sites. Well, by every review I read online, it was suggested to wait at least 4-5 days before resuming smoking. Well gosh darn if those weren't the hardest 5 days I've had in a while, but I made it through them and I was so darn proud of myself. Only problem, is that on the sixth day I pulled out the old favorites and lit one up, excited to feel a nicotine head rush again. After I smoked the first one, I could immediately tell that the extraction sites felt worse than they had before it. But yet, I went back for another one. And another one. *And another one.* Even as I felt my extraction sites protesting, I continued to succumb, unable to resist the reinstated urges that had slowly dissipated over the past 5 days. The truly sad part is that having abstained for five days straight, the hardest hurdle was already overcome, but because I entered this week with the mindset of returning to smoke once it was over, I didn't think twice before throwing that progress to waste. Now I must return to the dentist's office tomorrow to asses the damage I've inflicted on myself, and start again from scratch. My only hope is that just as this experience demonstrated to me that the acute health effects of smoking are nothing to be trifled with, so too will you put aside the rationalizations and realize that with every drag you take you are tearing your insides apart. 

Day 1 again, but this time in earnest. Here we go. 