I've wanted to quit for a while, but I enjoy having a cigarette with my family every night after dinner. I didn't want to feel left out by quitting, so I asked them to quit with me!

My mom, brother, and sister all smoke (my dad smoked too but he's dead, though it's not because of cigarettes). I'm the youngest of the family, and only started smoking five years ago. 

We, as a family, have gone through some rough times, and when I was younger we weren't really communicative. As I became an adult and picked up the habit of smoking, I found that I was able to talk more openly with my mom and siblings (and my dad too, but, yeah..) and I treasured those times, plus the fact that I get to have a cigarette with my loved ones. Not everyone gets to do that. I was afraid to lose the level of communication I share with them once I quit smoking, so I kept telling myself that quitting wasn't an option. 

Recently, my bad habits became worse, and it dawned on me that I desperately needed to change (shoutouts to any fellow members of r/stopdrinking!!). I spent too much time just waking up, nursing my hangovers, feeling sorry for myself. I don't want to be that kind of person anymore. 

I started the r/C25K program and am two weeks in, and I feel great curbing my cigarette and alcohol urges with exercise! I thought I could just cut down, but the sobriety that exercise afforded me has helped me decide: I am going to quit smoking and drinking. 

I was so sure that my siblings would react negatively if I asked them to quit with me, but when I brought it up over dinner, they said they'd join me! I was so relieved. My mom supported it too, because she had always wanted to quit, but, like me, she enjoyed having a cigarette with her family.

We each buy our cigarettes by the ream, so we still have a few packs to finish before starting. We scheduled Day 1 for November 16, Thursday this week. I'm really excited, and I hope we can make it through!! Once we quit, I'll be stuck thinking, "if I smoke a cigarette again, they'll start smoking again, too". I think I love them too much to cave in to the urges I'll face, but I won't underestimate how shitty it's gonna be. We will all probably start fighting each other by Day 3. 

So, I hope you'll welcome me and my family, and lend an ear when it gets tough, r/stopsmoking! 
