Day 2 Rant - does quitting get harder the more times you try?

Hi everyone, I’m really glad I found this subreddit. 

I’ve been smoking for more years than I’d care to admit, about 15 a day. Of course I’ve always known how awful it was and that I should stop. I’m getting a PhD, and would like to think I’m not an unintelligent person. 

I quit for 35 days in Dec-Jan, basically by doing nothing over my Christmas break except cry and play video games. I slowly slipped back into smoking after getting drunk with a chain-smoking friend and smoking like 30 in one night. Had been having one every 2-3 days, then slowly got back up to 2-3 a day. I have had enough of this and today am on day 2 of a strong attempt to quit. I had made half-assed attempts to quit a few years ago, never made it past a week, and didn’t seriously start trying until Dec. 

I have heard “every quit is different”, but I truly feel like this day has been the absolute worst in terms of psychological and physical withdrawal I have ever, ever had, and I know it’s just gonna get worse for a few days. My last quit, I remember being out at restaurants or bars, seeing people smoking, and having to go cry in the bathroom because of how much I missed it and because I felt like my life was so fundamentally changed. Like, I didn’t WANT to be a non-smoker even though I DID, if that makes sense. 

I have read Carr, multiple times, and I know my feelings like “life isn’t the same, I will never enjoy certain activities like I used to” are just my addiction trying to get me to feed it. But I truly do love smoking. I also have psychologically intertwined smoking with my work ethic. When I am doing math or research, I always was more productive with a cigarette in my hand. I know I will get to a point where I am productive again after I make it through the brain fog, but it’s not just brain power, it’s psychological. I feel like Superman with a cig in hand and working my ass off. I don’t know how to address this link I’ve made in my mind, and when I’m not working, I feel terrible about myself. So much so that all the pride I get from not smoking is replaced by hating myself for sitting around and accomplishing nothing. It’s a total psychological mess :(

Another problem is, the world smells like absolute rot. I started smoking very young, so I guess I have no memory of how the world actually smells. When I get to about 4 days smoke-free, I literally gag daily from some smell somewhere out and about in my daily life. This did not improve at all during my 35 day quit. It’s hard to stay positive when I want to wear nose plugs constantly. Although I am definitely aware that I smell better, when I don’t start freaking out about my own normal body odor a few hours after showering. 

Also, the physical withdrawal makes it very hard to do other things for my health, which makes me really sad. I get too depressed and foggy to cook healthy meals, exercise, I don’t even want to move. I hate feeling crappy from withdrawal and also feeling crappy from treating my body like a trash can due to the withdrawal. 

Anyway. I just had to rant... I am really really trying to make it through this quit. Hoping you guys can help me. Sorry I can’t stay positive. 


