First I quit drinking, then I quit smoking....

This is probably the 4th time I quit smoking, all told. I've done gum, chantix, lots of stuff. I was never really serious about it. At one point, I had quit for a while, but I'd do that "oh, just when I drink" thing.

Well, I ended up quitting drinking, but it was because of the drinking. I kept smoking. I was even this super bad influence at work. It seemed like others would smoke purely as a function of me smoking. 

A couple weeks ago (literally 14 days!) a remarkable thing happened. I - 37 year old woman who has smoked most of the past 25 years (i cannot fucking believe I'm saying that) - ran out on Monday evening and simply didn't buy any more. Or, bum. Or go out at the same time as another smoker. Zip, zero, zilch, notta. 

Weird, isn't it? 

I think it had a lot to do with my general habit and paring down the rituals. Drinking was huge, obviously. It cut that excuse, not to mention it's a lot easier to make terrible decisions inebriated. I bought a new car a few years ago, it has never been smoked in, never will. I would pull over and change jackets - really, part of the damned ritual had become what clothes to wear because I *hated* the smell. But, then I'd be damned if I vaped. So, no car, never first thing in the morning, never after a shower or washing my face, and the list kind of went on. 

Eventually, the only time I was smoking was at work - at 10 in the morning, during lunch, and at 3 in the afternoon. The variable was sometimes I drive rideshare, which came with its own ritual, but now it's just... gone....

It was only unintentional at first, though. Now, I definitely have to consciously combat my brain. But, it's ok. It's going to work this time, because I can see myself coming a mile away with the mental gymnastics. 

Next up: diet sodas. Somehow that's scarier than the booze or smokes. Isn't that insane?

Everyone can do this. I think for me it was constantly disrupting the ritual and *never* smoking within the first few hours of waking up.