Day 9

I've done it.  I've got this far!!  I was apprehensive if I would get past the weekend and having a drink but I've done it.

I decided over 2 weeks ago that I wanted to stop smoking and went into my local pharmacy to buy some patches and was told that I could get the patches for free by joining a cessation session (I am in Scotland) and this is what I opted for.  I was advised to leave it a week to prepare to stop.  Thinking this was crazy at the time I went home and continued to smoke, but found myself getting half way through a cigarette and throwing it away, the advice was maybe better than I had first thought.

I returned to the pharmacy the following week and had a discussion with the pharmacist regarding how many I smoked (15-20 per day, for over 25 years) and was given a carbon monoxide reading and left with my patches and lozenges to stop the next day.  The next day came, I had two cigarettes (and I enjoyed them), then put the first patch on and I have not smoked since, however I have also been using a vape.

I have been irratable, irrational, grumpy, unable to sleep properly and even emotional but I have not picked up one cigarette.  I still have 400+ fags sitting at home and carry around 5 fags and a lighter in my handbag as security to myself but have never needed them.

I am happy to call myself a non-smoker but still just taking one day at a time.  I'm not really sure, at this stage, I'm noticing much difference other than the progress that is showing on the Smoke Free app and when I went back to the pharmacy at the weekend to get patches for this week I was given another carbon monoxide reading.  My first reading was 18 and this reading was 2 (that of a non smoker).  I wasn't going to post on social media to tell the world I was stopping incase I failed, however I was so chuffed with this that I wrote the post and the support I have received from family and friends has been amazing and given me even more of a push to succeed.

So a bit of advise to others, do what is right for you (vape/patches/cold turkey), use and app to follow your progress, boast about your success and take what help you can.  Every little bit of encouragement helps. 


