I've hit my wall. Again. Decided this time it's for real. Again. Help?

This is mostly me writing things down and talking through my resolve. Therapeutic and such. 

I'm going through some stress in my personal and work life, and moving on Sunday. I told myself I'll only smoke until I move. That cigarettes aren't allowed in my new house. I had said I was going to go ahead and cut out smoking in the car, but... Judging from how that has worked so far (45 minute drive to work right now. Hence the move) I'm not sure how well this other rule is going to work for me. Did deadlines work for anyone else? I have a pack + 2 left. If I toss them all I feel that I'll panic. I have 2 more days of work before I get a bit of a break, and I'm very worried about functioning at work. Last time I quit (pregnancy) I basically slept for days. If I go too long without one I feel sleepy too, my brain gets fuzzy, I'm sure someone can relate. I don't get angry. Irritated maybe, but in the way that a hungry/tired/caffeine-less person gets in the mornings. 

Every day I wake up telling myself how good it feels to wake up sober and how much better it would be to wake up being able to breathe.

I don't want to be the death of me or my daughter. I don't smoke around her much, but apparently I do enough. Or my washing machine mixes a smoky smell into her clothes. Or my car makes her smell like it. I don't want her to be that kid that goes to school reeking. I don't want to be that mom that sends her to school that way. I'm sitting here smelling the nasty, stale, lingering smokey stench. My mouth is dry and tastes disgusting. I'm disgusted with myself and my habit. But that disgust is easy to ignore, when your head is pounding behind your eyes and your teeth are clinching and you know within 5 minutes you can fix it all. 

I need to stop thinking of smoking as a reward. Instead of "you have been busy today, why don't you sit and chain smoke a couple cigarettes and get your head together?" That should be "you have been busy today, why don't you relax and play blocks with Lily?" I even reward myself for going 2-3 hours without smoking. I need to get myself busy. I'm going to start doing some at-home exercising tonight. Here's to hoping that I can keep the "why would you ruin what you just did?" Thought rather than "rewarding" myself. If it wasn't for work I wouldn't even be worried. I'm ready. I'm done. My mother has already lost her sister to lung cancer, I don't need to give her another name to add to that list.


EDIT: Didn't realize that was a wall of text until I posted it, kudos to anyone who made it this far.