Quit smoking on Sunday.

I started smoking at 25.  Me and my ex, who got married young, had gone through a rough divorce with two young children.  A couple years after, I had gotten a new job that demanded some crazy hours (pay was great though!) and there were a lot of chain smokers in the upper admin.  It was a way to casually network with people: smoke breaks.  It also helped keep me on my feet.  I also abused caffeine, adderal and coke around then, but have long since stopped those outside of the caffeine.  But the smoking kept up.  I quit once for 3 months on a bet.   A girl I was seeing said she could go longer without a smoke than I could.  Me, being a prideful and stubborn person, took her up on it.  Cold turkey, no other assistance.  3 months.  Then a friend let me know she started cheating on smoking a week and a half into it.  So I won the bet and started smoking again.  I quit again after I decided to scale back some of the job things I was doing and get an easier job with a little less money.  I kept a nice nest egg, but hey, it was time to relax, move closer to my kids (ex moved the maximum legal amount she could move away) and I got a job with good pay even if I wasn't getting stock bonuses and the like anymore.  I also figured it was time to relax, and with more time, I wanted to try to quit.  Tried Chantix and gum.  Tried a couple of times.  But wasn't ever too serious about it.

I just kinda figured I'd just quit through pride again, or the Chantix would make me sick when I smoked so I wouldn't want to do it anymore.  Nope, didn't happen.  I just kinda gave up on quitting.  But this Sunday, I had two cigarettes left in my pack and said, "nah, I'm not getting anymore."  I went to the store to get some patches, just to make sure I didn't lose my cheery nature in the upcoming days, and I hadn't tried them yet.

Things I like about smoking: it's a break, it's a way to socialize, it smooths you out if you've been drinking a bit, its something to do when you don't really _want_ to do anything.  And the nicotine.  Love the nicotine.  Heck if vaping at my age didn't make me look like a total douche I'd probably try that.  But no, I want to stop, and vaping, patches, gum, etc, are all just kinda kickin' the can down the road.

Things I don't like about smoking: my kids don't like it.  They've never seen me smoke, and to their knowledge I don't.  But boy do they get mad when they see other people smoke.  I feel like I'm two different people sometimes, when my kids are with me, and when I'm by myself.  I'm no longer the same workaholic profit driven machine I used to be, but I'm also not me.  I'm a better person when my kids are around.  I cook good food, I do active things, my mood is different, my nihilism is inconsequential.  I don't like that a chemical drives some of my actions.  I hate when I get a craving when my kids are with me (but its much more rare than when they are with their mom).  I hate that I use it as a crutch I don’t need.  I used to be a long distance runner.  I know I'm getting old, but man, sucks when I get winded trying to keep up with physical activities with the kids.

Things that don't really bother me about smoking but probably should: how it affects my health.  That I'll die a horrible gross death.  The money.

So I'm doing the patches for a couple of days.  And will stop them.  I'm still taking my smoke breaks like I used to.  But am doing some relaxation and breathing exercise instead.  I downloaded a couple of mobile games to help keep my mind occupied.  I'm going on nice long walks (maybe will jog again).  While I'm not the most social guy in the world, when I go out drinking, I'm much more inclined to sneak one or two in and then well hey I already broke the seal.  So I'm avoiding going out, I'm avoiding friends and fam that smoke.  And I'm trying to hang out with my friends that don't drink or smoke. 

Any advice?