Close to the 2 month mark!

Hey all! Haven't really posted in here all that much, but I definitely check it out from time to time.


Been a smoker since I was 16. Longest I'd ever stopped for was 6 months. Sometimes I'd smoke all day, every day, and then there were times where I would only smoke on the weekends (when drinking).

Finally made the move to quit for good. My doctor put me on Wellbutrin. I'd read the "Easy Way" book a while back, so I had most of the ideas of that book already in my head. I did watch the "Easy Way" video that floats around from time to time, though. Watching that helped me reiterate what I'd already read and somewhat "recharge" me.

Finally at a point where I can drink and not have a craving. I can go out with smoker friends and not feel tempted to want to "bum" from them. I can even go to bars that still allow inside smoking (even though I smell like I've been bathing in an ashtray when I leave).

I guess what I wanted to share was that when a small urge creeps up on me (mostly if I am drinking, although it is happening less and less these days), I just try to remember the times I've failed in the past. I remember the break. I remember having to shamefully ask for a cigarette. I remember feeling on the fence about if I should light it or not. I remember thinking, "well, at this point I've already gotten one, and I really want one. I'll just smoke this one and get back on the wagon on Monday." Then I light up. Then I remember how absolutely DISGUSTING it is when those first few drags enter my lungs. How I IMMEDIATELY regret it. I taste the nicotine, and I taste the failure. I feel like a loser. I feel defeated. And I know that when I wake up the next day, congested with a tightened up chest, I'll wish that I could take that moment back.

That's why I choose not to smoke. I ignore the urge... and it goes away. I may feel like I'm depriving myself of something, but the ONLY thing I'm depriving myself of is an early death... filled with wheezing and coughing and smelling badly and not even being able to make it up simple stairs without running out of breath.

None of us want this monster on our backs any more, and we are strong enough to beat it. Don't break. Don't stumble. I am better than this. We are better than this. And one day we'll look back at the time when we used to smoke as a distant memory when we beat a stupid, life ruining habit we picked up because we were naive and dumb.

Good luck, guys and gals! We can beat this together!