Quit 20 days ago, here’s what has changed

When I started smoking at 17, I thought I would give it up at 18. I am 40. Until 20 days ago I have been a stupid ass, just for smoking. I quit smoking for 18 months in 2002, one party, one smoke, next day... 20 smokes. 
30 days ago I was smoking 30 cigs a day.
Here’s what has changed:
I feel much more energy in the morning, cant stay in bed. 
My morning wood is coming back like when I was 18. Penis much more hang lose when flacid. More full qnd thick when erect. Glans is huge again. Testes more relaxed. More sperm.
improvements in skin tone
Hands with normal color, not red or reddish when cold.
No cold feet, by the way, feet are burning. 
Bright eyes and white. No red eyes.
More muscle strenght.
More oil on skin, skin much more hydrated, a bit oily for my taste ( hormones coming back?)
Breath better
Much less introspective, smoking put me an introspective person and a ruminator over things without importance.
More calm in everything, traffic, driving, talking etc. more balanced. 
I felt through the years that smoking was putting me psychotic and there are recent studies that show that cigs can give a person psychoses specially in stress times, job, business, kids, etc

Much more interesting, changes in blood. 
My level of leucocytes, platelets anc c reactive proteins came all down. 
Leucocytes from 11000 to 7500
Platelets from 270 to 230
C reactive protein hs from 0.25 to 0.10
Hematocrit from 46 to 43
Blood pressure from 138/75 to 120/60
Resting heart rate from 75 to 55/60
Rbc from 4.8 to 5.1
And this was in 20 days. 
Last but not least, when I go to bed, i fall in sleep in 10 minutes. When I smoked I had insomnia or was hard to fell asleep. I am sleeping like a baby, with no aids or counting sheeps. 

First two days off were horrible.
Heres what I did.
I have picked a weekend. No stimulus, no spicy foods, just neutral foods, no salt. 
Two days in bed, resting, relaxing, no movies, just nature shows, reading books, light meals, read sleep, read sleep. No coffee.
3rd day was not easy but the first two are the key days. Some cravings until day 7. 
By day 6 I couldnt be near a smoker and when I was I thought “ wow this was my smell??? I smell like shit” 
Sense of smell improved. I feel some nasty smells I didnt feel when I smoked. Some places stink. 
Day 15 I went to a family party. First thing I did was drinking samgria and remembered, oops, not good idea. I had intense cravings for 20 min. Luckily no one smoked at the party. From now, alchool only in September.
Cigarettes smell like gasoline now, or benzene. If a cig is burning, I can smell the ammonia burning. Worst of all, they keep adding flame retardants to cigarettes. I think this was the cause of my two a week headaches. 
I cannot have addictions either good ones or bad ones. Smoking is the worst thing a person can make in life. 
I have friends who smoke one a day or just once a month. I wish I knew how they do this. I never could smoke once a month or just in new years evening. 
If you have kids, smell their fingers and breath. Dont let them smoke.
I wish my parents smell my fingers and put me in a program of discipline. 

Tomorrow, day 21. Not counting. Not anxious. Cigs are history.
In money terms, I think I wasted near $80000 in tar and nicotine. And to be honest, I felt miserable when I smoke, miserable and introspective, thinking everytime “ I got to quit smoking” 
I felt stupid everytime I smoke, unless I was drunk. 
I also believe that smoking destroyed my brain a bit. I was very smart, still am but I feel dumb. I hope this get fixed too. I dont mind waiting 3,6,12 months to get my brain back.
I invite you to quit smoking and pay attention for the relaxation you feel by day 15. 
My cravings in day 20 are almost zero. 
I’m still way from salt and spicy foods for a couple of weeks more. 

Quit now