Does the community still recommend Allen Carr's Easyway?

I quit smoking in 2011, using resources from this forum and reading Allen Carr's Easyway.  Around every corner of this subreddit, you could find references to Easyway, how it had helped to demolish faulty thinking about nicotine addiction in thousands of people.  It really helped me, really helped a lot of other people that I mentioned it to in that first year of quitting.

I don't say very much about being smoke free these days, though.  I stay to myself, and when I do get out, meet new people, they have no idea in their mind that I was ever a smoker.  I never made it a point to evangelize being smoke-free to people who used nicotine; I tried to remain humble to whatever powers and process sparked me to quit.  Friends and family have mentioned that they forgot I ever did it.  There hasn't been much of an opportunity to talk about quitting, so I haven't spoken about older resources, much less newer resources, to use while in cessation.

So, I was wondering if people still hold Carr's book in high esteem like they used to.  I'm thinking about entering a career where I would get to talk to people about my own experiences with recovery in general, and would like to know what people are using to help them along the journey these days.  Having been absent from this community for two years, what did I miss?

EDIT: So, guys, I came here with many more responses than I expected.  I can't think of a unique response to each of you, but I'd like to thank you all for responding, and I'd like to thank anyone else who comes along and would like to put in their 2 cents.  It appears it would be a great idea to go on recommending Easyway if anyone asks, as there doesn't appear to be anything newer and better that has come along.  I appreciate your feedback.

And really, if I could make it three years, you all can too.  I hope you know that.  I was a hopeless chainsmoker on the bottom of the rock when I quit.  I believe anyone who really wants to stay smoke-free can do it.  Good luck to you all.