Easy Way subscribers: help processing my understanding?

First post though I've stalked this place from afar. I started around 13-14, stopped at 17, started at 19, stopped at 22, started again at 28 after a stupid cigar at a party (which made buying a pack seem like a good idea), and have now been smoking for about 4.5 years. It's been the worst period of my life by far but I feel so stuck and miserable. I latched on to the Easy Way maybe 1-2 years ago and wholly believe the concept... but I somehow I have a really hard time making it stick/click/whatever. I know there's a decent following here and wondered if others could comment on what I might be missing.

I'd summarize my understanding like this: "The only reason anyone smokes is that cigarettes contain nicotine. Nicotine makes you feel a little 'off' as it's eliminated from the body, so we dose up again. Because the effect is so minimal, it's not obvious we're just servicing nicotine withdrawal and we begin to see this 'off' feeling as mapping onto other issues in life, creating a psychological belief that nicotine makes life genuinely better (boredom, stress, relaxation, concentration)."

If Carr succeeds in showing that nicotine doesn't do any of the positive things we think it does, all that's left for a reason to smoke is avoiding nicotine withdrawal. Since that's manageable (as in, no problem sleeping through the night or giving up smoking when it's just not an option), there's nothing to fear and we can be excited about being free from all of the negatives and not living our lives as a nicotine slave.

Is that about it?

I find I really *want* to believe in the message. Everything about it makes sense. My answer to "why do you smoke" honestly feels like "I don't know." It's just this thing I feel like I have to do... but I also know I don't *have* to. When I go to my in-laws for a weekend and just know it's not an option, I'm fine. It's only on the day we'll be returning that I get antsy because smoking is now an *option* again. I find myself getting nitpicky and assholish when I quit, which he says are symptoms of the willpower method (that I think I'm being deprived). But I seriously couldn't tell you what I'm being deprived of other than going outside 20 times a day, avoiding people, being ashamed of myself, feeling like a failure of a husband/father, wasting my family's money, and so on.

Within a day or up to 5, I experience "something" eating at me. Somehow I just start feeling sad like I just know I'm going to fail (and then I make that a reality), but I don't know what I'm looking for and sometimes nothing wrong is even happening -- in other words, I don't feel like I'm trying to "fix" or "solve" anything... I just think I want to smoke. Or maybe it's I don't believe I'll last forever and thus figure this "isn't the time for me" because if it was, I wouldn't be wanting to smoke... I'd be thoroughly convinced and living like the book says, as a happy non-smoker.

Any thoughts on where I could reflect on what's going on here? I'm a mess and this absolutely dominates my life. Did anyone else go through this or have an eventual revelation of what the heck held them back? The book says often if you feel anxious, "gloom and doom," or whatnot to re-read the book and find out which part hasn't stuck. I just can't tell you (or myself) what in the world it is. I absolutely believe cigarettes have ruined my life and don't make it any better, yet somehow still feel like I need something from them when I quit (even though I can't name it). It's an awful place to be.

Visiting some family starting tomorrow and plan to quit before I leave. I find I do better when setting a date a bit out, but I just can't get over the stark difference between the two versions I can predict:

- being fully present to everyone, no fear about kids smelling me, enjoying conversation, food, activities, etc. Basically, an amazing trip and no regrets.

- trying to sneak away and hide from loved ones (who are the sole purpose of the trip), missing out on interactions, probably having at least someone find out who doesn't already know and dealing with that shame... anyway, you all probably know the routine. Basically having a trip that's about bonding with loved ones and spending half of it scheming on how to get away from them to get nicotine, which will leave me feeling like a absolute failure of a person.

Thanks for reading and for your time.