Quick reflection/comments at 3mos

Having finally stopped smoking continues to be the best thing I've ever done/managed to finally do. The quit was about 4.5yrs in the making and all I thought about during those years of smoking was quitting. Now it's here and is amazing. I just skimmed some other posts and feel I'm not alone in still feeling a little "off" sometimes. Just a little sedate perhaps? I don't want to smoke but sometimes feel some hunger for a "hit" of something if I had to explain it. I've read some helpful comments that it's very well my brain still adjusting, and I've personally thought it might just be lingering residual mental habits/expectations from dosing myself with a drug ~20 times a day for 4.5 *years*! That *is* a big change when I think of it like that.

Anyway, most of the time I don't even notice and it's just a few times a day where I might be even aware that I used to smoke and don't anymore. The benefits are just so incredible. I don't have to hate myself for running off from my kids and wife all the time, don't have to hide my stink from them, I'm not ashamed of wasting my family's money to the tune of ~$2k+ a year, I'm sooo much closer to my wife now because she isn't repulsed. I've been able to get on top of finances because I can actually bring myself to look at the numbers...

Maybe the coolest new thing is I've wanted to climb for a long time and have some friends big into climbing. The gym membership is pricey and I'd never have done it before because I didn't feel entitled to it since I was spending so much on smoking. Well, they had a sale and we splurged and got a family membership! So cool! I'm finally doing this thing I've dreamed of and we're doing it as a family activity several times a well. I think that's just the coolest thing ever.

Writing this is a good reminder not to forget about all of the other benefits I tend to take for granted now. Like not having to look away when I talk to people at work first meeting of the day to hide my breath. Not constantly worrying about smelling like smoke at work and someone finding out. I don't leave early all the time to work from home (which is secretly just so I can take smoke breaks). If something ad hoc comes up like a happy hour, I'd have ditched before so as not to hamper my smoking... now I'm free to join in the fun. It's amazing how many opportunities I turned down because they interfered with my ability to smoke!