35 hours and feeling rough

Me (38m) been smoking since I was 14. I didn't realise until today that i have been smoking for 24 years. I honestly had no clue it had been so long and I am very shocked and saddened by that statistic.  

Typical story, days, weeks, months then years roll by and for as long as I can remember I always had the opinion that one day I would quit. That I would magically just be a none smoker. I realise recently that that day never comes and I have to take control of the situation. 

I had The Easy Way book recommended to me late last year and I went digging around and found a pdf online. I feel so bad that I just took it without paying. Regardless I read it and spent 2 months nicotine free. I felt good. I had cravings but felt that I was in control. But something was happening to me. I started sitting around and tried looking for reasons to smoke. I knew I wanted to smoke and my mind went full gear into rationalising a reason to allow it. I had lost sight of my reasons for quitting. I had forgotten the health concerns I once had. 

So I smoked a joint. Half marujuana half tobacco. Boy it hit me hard. That first hit. My tolerance diminished. Its effect was immediate. My reward to myself for doing so well for staying nicotine free. WTF brain fuck you. I remember standing there at the kitchen bench. Rolling it. Thinking just this quick toke. I deserve it. I have done so well. Yada yada yada. The consequence of this was my becoming a secret smoker, each day i rewarded myself with a single cigarette as a reward for not smoking. Its ridiculous how strongly I managed to rationalise this in my mind. One became two. Didn't take long and i was simply back smoking. In secret. Hiding it from my then girlfriend. 

The whole situation was fucked up. 

So a few months pass and I'm getting ready to quit. I stall. Telling myself one more pack. This repeats. Over and over. Then about 2 weeks ago I just felt ready. I put out my cigarette. Threw the rest away. Went to sleep ready to wake up as a new none smoker. I lasted all the next day. Felt good. But then idk what happened. My mind had just decided  that I was going to the shop. I was going to buy one last pack of tobacco. I recall putting my shoes on and screaming no to myself in my head. I recall telling myself over and over as I walked to the shop that I really should just go back home. But no! step by step  I was going to buy tobacco and no one, not even myself was going to stop that. So i started smoking again. 

Then yesterday morning i had big bust up with now ex girlfriend. 

I made a decision. I'm hurting anyway may as well go cold turkey with nicotine too. 

Its been 36 hours now. I'm happy with relationship status. I can see how abusive and unhealthy it was for me. For a billion reasons beyond the scope of this thread. But i sit here. And my mind again is trying to trick me. Trying to come up with reasons that I should smoke. 

This is the reason for this post. To occupy myself. To do something else rather than sit around and let my mind come up with some piss poor stupid ass reason to have a nicotine fix. 

I wish everyone the best of luck and the inner strength to overcome their own personal battle and rest assured you are not alone out there.

Sorry for the wall of text. tl:dr quitting smoking is rough.