I could sing from the rooftops. [Long]

In the last few years my asthma had worsened, my allergies were near constant, and my voice was always croaky. I always needed to cough or clear my throat. 

At that point, though, I had been smoking for around 17 years and I didn't think I could give cigs up on my own. Especially not with my husband still smoking. My husband had tried Champix years ago and had massive scary psychological side effects. I told my family that if I was killed in my sleep it was the Champix, not him. He had to stop taking it after about a week. 

About two months ago I could no longer breathe. Every breath was laboured and ventolin wasn't helping. Even though I was terrified of the side effects I went to my GP and asked for Champix. He actually tried to talk me out of it for 10 minutes; like I won't be able to quit while my husband is still smoking and why don't you try patches instead  (I always ended up smoking more). 

I was so scared of starting Champix that they sat in my cupboard for a week. I was constantly worried that I would turn psycho or suicidal or have hallucinations. My little brain couldn't handle hallucinations. I was also worried that obsessing about the side effects would invite them in, like self-fulfilling psychoses.

BUT I took the plunge and haven't looked back. 

There are a lot of Champix/Chantix horror stories out there. The sides effects are real and serious and sometimes deadly. But they are also rare. If you can get Champix for free or cheap DO IT. 

I feel fucking fantastic. I haven't needed my ventolin inhaler for over 3 weeks. My voice is clear again; I can sing a song without coughing up a lung in the middle! I was spending $105 a week on cigarettes, and that was cheap illegal chop-chop (smokes are expensive in Australia, yo). That extra money is helping us so so much.

I am just so happy that even though I had fear sweats for a week or more I bit the bullet and gave it a go. If you have a history of mental health issues I would exercise caution, and be prepared to have to stop, but Champix has changed and saved my life. 



