I want to quit smoking

I'm 23 and I've been smoking since mid 2013. It all started back around Jan 2013. I was in tech school (Air Force) and I had a friend who smoked and wanted a smoking buddy so bad. I always said no, until one day I agreed to try it. He bought me a pack of menthol cigarettes (can't remember the brand) and took me out to the  smoke pit. It was drizzling outside. He told me to sit down, then changed his mind and told me to stand up because the buzz of a cigarette would hit me or something. So I tried it. And I fucking hated it. I kept the pack but never touched another one. 

Then later around May that year I had been dating my now ex boyfriend for a few months. He smoked Marlboro 27's. He told me he didn't think I could smoke a cigarette without coughing. Stupid, but you know, Challenge Accepted. I did it. Then I kept smoking. I said I wouldn't buy any more after that first pack. But I did, obviously and here I am. 

I have anxiety (hypochondria related) and smoking helps, but then it makes it worse. I've quit for 24 hours, I quit for a week when I had my wisdom teeth taken out. But I picked it back up, for no reason. I didn't smoke at all this past Saturday. But I wake up in the morning and it's just habit now, I light up a cigarette. I do it without even thinking. I want to quit because I don't want to ruin my health (I already eat too much fast food and drink soda and don't exercise much...meh). I used to smoke multiple times during the work day since I work in an office and it gave me something to do to pass the time. Now since the weather had been colder I stopped smoking at lunch (unless I go out somewhere for lunch). But I also drink more than I used to and in turn smoke when I drink. But I've started really cutting back on drinking too. I used to not smoke in my car (2016 Mustang V6) because it's a beautiful car and I don't wanna ruin it, but then it got cold and I did. I need to have it detailed, or do it myself so I can have it clean and get rid of (most of) the smoke smell too.

Anyway I'm downloading the SmokeFree app now. I have the pack in my pocket. It's nice outside and I sit in an office so I just wanna go out into the sun and smoke. But I won't. 
I'll quit today (or halfway through today). It's never too soon I guess. Thanks for reading everyone! 