I love the habit, but it was time to stop. Just want to say thanks /r/stopsmoking for being here.

Hey /r/stopsmoking. I've been here a couple of times and tried quitting in the past and straight failed. I just wanted to type this all out & get it off my chest, because I feel like it'll help. It's lengthy, but it's the first time I've ever said these things outloud / in type, so bear with. Also, warning to new quitters: a pretty tempting description of the act of smoking contained below!

So, I've been a light smoker for going on 16 years now, starting in my late teens. What I mean by light smoker is this: on "heavy" days, I'd have 8-10 cigarettes. An average day for me was 3 or 4 cigs, with packs generally lasting me a week. Plus, I smoked Nat Shermans and other "natural" stick brands. And, on top of that, I've often gone a week or more without smoking, with literally zero irritability or other side effects. The weeks or more that I'd go without smoking would be on vacations with my wife or friends, or visiting family. Why not smoke during that time?

You see, my wife & friends don't know I've been smoking again for ~7.5 years. About 8 years ago, I supposedly quit. In fact, I did quit, for about 6 months. "How is this possible, Whilsty?! There's no way they didn't know!" I assure you, they didn't. My wife's got a really terrible sense of smell and I've been sneaking and meticulously hiding -- always smoking outside when there was no one home and when I had hours to myself ahead, showering, outfit changes, etc. My job allows for a lot of telecommuting, too, so I could spend the whole day at home often. Because my habit was so light, it was easy enough to work it around my wife's schedule without her suspecting.

I know that it sounds completely ridiculous that none of my friends or family knew I was smoking again for these years. I assure you that's the case. I didn't realize how effective I'd been until out a week or two ago with a two very good friends who'd known me since my "public smoker" days and -- after we all had way too much to drink -- I decided "fuck it" and went out for a smoke, to their complete and utter shock. I figured my *wife* wouldn't have known because of her damaged sense of smell, but I figured that my friends would have had to suspect? smell? at some point! Apparently my subterfuge had been so total and complete that I'd managed to hide it from *everyone* for 7.5 years. You'll ask again: How is this possible? I have no idea. Everyone talks about the permanent smell, and how a smoker's destruction of their sense of smell makes it so they can't tell how much they stink. But apparently my paranoia, plus my light smoking habits, made it possible.

My drunk mind was *so proud* that I'd "outsmarted" everyone, but the following morning I was just so **sad**. What a stupid thing to think, drunk or not. How much energy had I wasted, and how much had I lied to people that cared about me, and that I cared about? And all of the stress from sneaking and hiding and extra showers and all the "close calls"? What a waste of energy, time, and effort.

But the guilt about my secret habit itself is not enough, oh no. You see, /r/stopsmoking, I *like* smoking. No, I love it. I love the sensation, the mental clarity from the break, going for a walk and having a cigarette, the feel of it in between my fingers, everything about it. I don't yet have the cough, or the yellowing nails, or anything like that... but, since I've been working out lately, I've noticed a shortness of breath that worryingly wasn't there 5 years ago. It *has* to be because of the smoking. It's affecting my health, now. Plus I'm not as young as I was. I'm not feeling quite as invincible.

I've honestly tried to quit in the years for similar reasons -- guilt, not wanting to hide, potential health issues, etc. I've read Allen Carr. I've tried some apps. I can't tell you how many times I'd be halfway through the last smoke of a pack and tell myself to savor it, because it's the "last one." No more sneaking! I'd see the long path that brought me there, to such a pathetic & sad place, and picture myself strong enough to stop. I've always been mentally strong enough to do whatever needed to be done, to deal with whatever crisis, professional or personal. I'm "the strong one" in my family and circle of friends, for cryin' out loud, the one that people count on. But the next time I had to work 90+ hours in a week at my day job (I'm an entrepreneur and the company's buck stops with me, so I have to pick up slack during crises), or pull an all-nighter, sure enough I'd be back at the bodega buying another pack, first chance I had, and sucking down a stick.

Then I feel even smaller, and weaker, and more guilty, and it all would begin again. I feel like I've let everyone else in my life down, even if they don't know it. But by golly, don't I enjoy the sensation!

So that's my problem, and my issue, and here I am now at 1:15am having once again had my "last smoke" before today/yesterday. I've got a new app I'm trying, Smoke Free, telling me how much money I've saved and how much my health's supposedly improved today and giving a visual goal as it fills up some time since my last smoke. But I'm craving hard. And I'm again feeling small, and weak, and guilty, and sad. And I remembered /r/stopsmoking, and this throwaway account that I never used, so here I am.

If you're still reading -- wow, thanks. You're swell :) Any suggestions or thoughts would be beyond welcome. I've thought about picking up a vape -- is that what they're called? -- or something, but I dunno. But I've never asked anyone for emotional and psychological help of any sort in my life, so I'm completely lost and naked here, and boy am I craving.