So I bought the gum... what did I do wrong?

TL;DR - Wall'o'text below; sorry! Long story short; I had a nicotine toxicity reaction to a single, then a half piece of 4mg Nicorette, even though I smoke almost a pack a day. Is that normal!??

I normally smoke a pack a day. I have a "lot" going on, and cigarettes were always that "one thing" I "know" is very bad, but is my "vice" to keep me from going crazy.

After my mom died last May, and then Carrie Fisher, I cut down my usage, from 20-22 a day, to 15, in a few weeks.

Then I decided to buy a massive 450-pack of Nicorette 4mg, because the alarm hasn't even gone off yet and I have a cup of coffee and a cigarette to start my day. The 4mg gum is for smokers who smoke their first cigarette within 30 minutes of waking up.

Anyway, Sunday, I went "cold turkey" on the cigarettes for most of the day, and around 2 PM I followed the directions and chewed the gum a couple of times and "parked" it when I tasted the tingly peppery taste. Thirty minutes later, I discarded the gum.

In an hour, I got incredibly sick, like "scared I needed to go to the ER" sick; I was dizzy, falling, heartrate increased, shaky breathing. I have other health issues, so I was racking my brain for "what else I did wrong." Then my husband and father both said at the same time, "Had to be the nicotine in the gum."

Well, it had to be, because the next day, I once again was "cold turkey", but this time I broke the gum in half and only used the gum for 15 minutes. It wasn't as bad, but I did have the same reaction, all day long, and it lasted into the next day. 

I don't want to stabby-stabby everyone, so I bought a pack of cigarettes to "tide" me over until I figure out if anyone on reddit has any suggestions on use of the gum or reasons why the dose of nicotine in the gum was so hefty compared to almost a pack of cigarettes consumed throughout the day. 

I do have a doctor's appointment specifically for smoking cessation on the 27th, but I want continue trying on my own before then.

If it matters, I'm 32/F and been smoking for 9 out of the last 11 years (for some reason, I had zero issues cold turkey when I was pregnant or nursing. Zero. "Stress" going back to work both times got me smoking again, but after my mom died, I have been a fairly nervous wreck, ironically her life of excess took her life, so I find it mildly funny that my method of "dealing" with it is also turning to excess (via the smoking).

Sorry for the wall'o'text, I'm a bit agoraphobic and haven't left the house to speak to anyone, and no one outside of my family even know I smoke (I'm deeply ashamed of it, and NEVER do it around my kids). 

Any recommendations about the gum? Stories? Anecdotes? Warnings? Should I just chuck them and take the $60 loss?