The Nicodemon Lurks Within...

I like to think of my addiction as a demon I am fighting. I call it "Nicodemon". This allows me to separate myself (true me) from the addiction (false me). 

Most of the time, I have been very strong with this quit. I also am mostly positive and try to be very encouraging here. Still, I can sense the Nicodemon lurking within me. 

It seems that the more time passes I am slowly forgetting how I felt to be a smoker (particularly just before quitting). This is both good and bad. The good part is that I'm not completely stressed from fighting a constant barrage of cravings. It has gotten much easier to live without cigarettes on a daily basis and I go periods of time without even thinking of a cigarette. The bad part is that I forget some of the hatred I had toward smoking. The memories fade each day and I forget a little bit of the way I stunk, the way I coughed, the way I always felt tired, and all the other ways I felt chained to an addiction that was killing me. While I *remember* the hatred I harbored upon quitting, sometimes that hatred doesn't seem to burn quite as bright as it once did. The absolute worst is I have these little thoughts that the Nicodemon whispers from time to time. You know - the "just one" and "fuck it, live a little" type thoughts. I'm a little bit worried about those whispering thoughts - no, I'm *a lot fucking worried* about those whispering thoughts. The Nicodemon also tries to wrap those thoughts up in a romantic or nostalgic bow.

Overall, I remain very good with this quit right now, but I wonder how I will deal with this moving forward. I am truly scared that there will be a weak moment at some point. I've been watching the CDC "Tips For Smokers" videos to scare the shit out of me (I posted a link last evening). I also look at images of cancerous lungs, dirty ashtrays, and other ugly stuff. While I am able to hate smoking a bit more by being scared of it - still - the Nicodemon lurks within. I sense it waiting for the perfect time to attack. 

I really hope I can be strongest at my weakest moments.