The importance of rewards

u/fruitofdream reminded me that I had mentioned a reward that I had promised myself for quitting, and I had never told you guys when I finally got it. That made me think that I could share this theory with the sub and hopefully help someone.

Part of my quit methodology was to include rewards for myself at key points. It included small, cheap rewards along the way, and one major reward once I hit the point that I felt like I was successful. For the smaller rewards, I just needed something that I could look forward to, but wasn't super special. On the suggestion of  a friend, I went with ice cream. Every night for the first week, I let myself have a small bowl of ice cream if I could make it through the day without smoking. At the one week mark, and every week after that, I let myself have a BIG bowl of ice cream with whatever topping I wanted.

Ice cream doesn't sound like a huge thing, but for me, I found myself looking forward to that bowl of ice cream. It helped me forget about the suffering that I had been going through for that day or week. I wouldn't recommend doing the bowl of ice cream every day indefinitely or you'll end up over at r/loseweight, but every night for a week isn't the end of the world, and every Friday after that won't kill you either.

The ice cream reward continued until I hit my ultimate goal of 6 weeks smoke free. I chose 6 weeks as my ultimate goal because that was the longest time I had gone without smoking since I started. I was in the Air Force and didn't smoke while I was in basic training. Unfortunately, I got out of basic and fell into the same trap that many people do. I started to think that I was free of addiction and could smoke socially without consequence. That turned out to not be true and I spent the next 25 years trying to quit again.

So, what did I choose for my ultimate reward? Well, I am a bit of a computer geek and have actually enjoyed using Chromebooks over the last few years. Back in October Google released their new, top of the line, Chromebook, the [Pixelbook](https://store.google.com/us/product/google_pixelbook?hl=en-US). It is a Chromebook that starts at $999 and, in my opinion, it is sexy as hell. When it came out, I wanted one and could afford it, I just couldn't justify the expense of it. Well, I decided that the perfect reward for myself was something that I really wanted but wouldn't normally spend the money to buy. Well, last Wednesday I got my Pixelbook in and it is everything that I had hoped it would be. :\)

I can tell you that early on in my quit, there were some rough days and I got through them by watching review videos for the Pixelbook on YouTube. I'm pretty sure I've watched every Pixelbook video on YouTube by now, but being able to see my prize dangling in front of my face was great incentive to keep going. I would highly recommend that anyone serious about quitting pick a reward to work toward. It doesn't have to be something that cost as much as my Pixelbook, but it should be something that you really want and wouldn't buy otherwise.

Hang in there quitters. I know it seems hard sometimes, but if I can do it, you can certainly do it too.