Advise: How did you deal with the cravings?

Hey guys,

&amp;#x200B;

This is will be my first post ever on reddit and I apologize for any spelling mistakes since English is not my native language. I'd like to share a bit of my story and my addiction which will end in a question of advise, but first a bit of context to make the question more clear.

I've been smoking for about 8 years now, started when I was 20 when in college. It started with drinking and parties while having to do an half year internship abroad. Met a girl there and was traveling back and forth a lot, here the real habit started. I smoked about a pack and half every day. Due to traveling and my work, which requires me to sit behind a computer and I just need to step away from the screen every 2 hours or so, hence the let's have a smoke thoughts. After the relationship broke away, I managed to completely kick the habit and haven't smoked for over a year. What really helped me kick the habit, was realizing it's a matter of choice and it's mostly a mental habit. So back then I managed to replace the smoking, with having a glass of water or juice outside on the balcony and this worked absolutely great.

Now a lot has changed since then, I managed to start my own company and have some good collaborations and a shared office that is occupied by me and a co-worker. Now my co-worker, is a very heavy smoker, and also when we started out, when I wasn't in the office he would smoke inside. Initially I thought I was stronger and wasn't in the office to much, and I'd rather worked from home, to avoid being in the disgusting muffy smoke smell, but one day, we we're having a couple of beers outside, on a sunny friday afternoon, he offered me a cig, and I've been back to the habit since then. Though a lot has changed since then.

I've felt a lot of shame regarding this falling back into smoking, and thus I have been going way to far out of my way, to hide the fact that I'm smoking, and I've managed this by having very strict rules. For example, No smoking in/at home. I don't carry cigs in the pocket of my pants, but rather in my backpack etc. and only smoke about 1 pack in three days. Now since then I got smoking officially banned out of the office, I'd really like to stop smoking again, I know that I can do it. However there are a few issues that I'm troubled with. First of all, it's my work, because it's been going rather succesfully and I have to work a lot at airports, I am faced with a really deadline heavy work routine there. This means that I do smoke more, when I'm out of the country to work on an airport. I've tried to kick it a few times, but doing this work without that every 2 hours, a 5 minute break to step away from the problems that I'm facing, or replacing the smokes with water or something else, doesn't work aswell as it did the first time. Also, when not smoking at all, I noticed that I keep staring myself blind at those issues that arrise and don't manage to be as effective, or even enjoy the work that I'm doing. That smoking moment is the moment where I stop the rush of having to complete a deadline and I am being grateful for all the good things that have come my way. A moment of rest in an hectic life, with a very high stress rate, and we're the phone could ring any minute and I'd have to get onto the first plane leaving to solve an issue.

I do realise, that offcourse this is a mental aspect, and I've manage to kick it for over a year, I can do that agian and I would like to. But if I keep doing this job, I don't want to lose that moment of peace where I can remind myself of what I am doing, look at the issues from a different perspective, just step out of the environment for a bit. And I haven't found anything yet, that can replace that feeling. Since, I don't get much rest due to the very strict deadlines, I have a very hard time, finding time where I could let my body and my head recover. I started typing this post, with the question in mind: "What are things that you guys found that could replace that let's have a smoke?", but I guess while typing and thinking about this, the question has changed into, What would you do to ride out that craving, while not a "normal" comfortable situation?  


Thanks all for sticking with the long story, and appreciate all insight on it. I know how quitting that first year felt, and I really would like to go that distance again. Keep it clean and all the best.

tl;dr Manage to quit for over a year a while ago, relapsed, got into a new line of work which is very unstable, and I can't find the tricks the manage to kick the habit again.