1 Month Free from Nicotine after 12 Years!

Hi all, just wanted to share my story in the hopes it might help somebody else.

At thirty, I was at the stage in my life where I truly believed I would die a smoker, even though there was nothing I wanted more than to be free. I'd tried everything; Wellbutrin, Champix, patches, gum, inhaler. Nothing worked. In fact, Champix made me suicidal and scared me so much I didn't try to quit again for two years! I am a naturally anxious person, and smoking always was my crutch to deal with crowds, stress, etc. I felt like I couldn't cope without that crutch. Then e-cigs became a thing where I live and I decided to order a starter kit online. I was hopeful, but scared. There's always that part of me that was afraid to face life minus the crutch!

The e-cig sat in my cupboard for six months until one day I had the guts to just try it. I had 18mg juice and nothing to lose. That was the last day I smoked. Fast forward three years, and a month ago I decided, after years enjoying better health, I was ready to say goodbye to nicotine for good. Vaping had been a fun hobby (I got into DIYing juice, mods) but I was, frankly, bored of it and annoyed at how much money I was throwing at a hobby I didn't find fun anymore. I had stared at 18mg as I said, but over the three years had reduced it down every few months until at last I was at 0 nic!

The first week vaping 0 nicotine was very hard, BUT not in the slightest bit as hard as quitting smoking cold turkey! I was super emotional, restless, barely slept the first three nights but by day five I could already feel the benefits of life free of slavery to nicotine. I had more energy and because I knew in my head there wasn't any nicotine in the juice I wasn't chain vaping as I usually did. Around two weeks in, I noticed I would forget the vaporiser and do stuff for hours at a time completely oblivious!

The worst trigger for me was stressful situations, and I have already encountered a few rough days where I'll admit I struggled. I did it though. It helped reminding myself that stressful situations aren't helped by vaping/smoking, it's just the addiction wanting to be fed and then you still have to face the problem afterwards! I highly recommend the WhyQuit website which really helped me with the psychological side of addiction.

I'm proud of myself. I never thought I'd be free. Sending lots of support to all those of you struggling today - you can do it!