IAMA person that smoked for over 6 years. I quit cold turkey and haven't touched tobacco in 874 days today. Here are my tips to you fellow quitters:

Background:
I started smoking when I was around 14 or 15, but started getting heavy into it around 15 or 16.  The first year was every so often, but then, when I was able to find a person I could buy packs from at the gas station, I was buying packs and smoking a pack a day.  Basically everyday.  I would only smoke Marlboro Menthols too.  I wouldn't buy any other types, because nothing was as good as though were to me.  

Eventually, I realized, enough is enough.  I am going to quit cold turkey.  I quit on New Years Day at 12:30 AM on January 1, 2013 because that was my last cigarette for the night.  The next couple of weeks were the toughest weeks of my life.  I gained 40 pounds in a little over two weeks.  Here is how I did it:

1.  First things first, you have to want to quit.  If you really do not want to quit deep down inside, don't try.  You will end up failing.  If you really think you can't, you won't.  If you really want to quit and really believe you can, you will succeed.  You have to want to stop.  If you really do want to stop, you will. 
2.  DO NOT BUY A PACK.  Do not go into a gas station.  If you need gas, pay at the pump.  That's that.
3.  Have a friend with you for most if not all times of the day.  This person is there to tell you NO.  If you want a cigarette, feel the urge, and you will, find someone you can trust to say NO.  And trust me, you will go nuts, and it is going to suck, but you want to do it right?  I understand that not every can be with someone for most of the day.  If you cannot for a few days, at least have someone that you can call.
4.  Get the following items:  Carrots.  Freeze Pops (I'd get the large ones if you can).  Straws.  Toothpicks.  Avoid candies if you can.  I used carrots like crazy.  I am not a fan of baby carrots, but every time you want a cigarette, eat a carrot.  Chew on a straw or toothpick.  Keep something in your mouth that resembles a cigarette, but is not a cigarette.  Do not go towards chewing tobacco or cigars.  AVOID ALL TOBACCO PRODUCTS.  The large freeze pops worked magically for me because they were tasty and I could eat a bunch of them.  Carrots are healthy and provide nice relief.  
5.  Eat regularly and go to bed early.  The more time you sleep, the less time you can want a cigarette, consciously.  The reason I gained so much weight, was because I ate too much.  It is normal to eat a lot, but if you just keep eating, at least make good choices.  Try to avoid fried and fatty foods.  Avoid chips and stuff like that.  These will be your go-to items, because they are simple and convenient, but trust me.  AVOID AVOID AVOID.  I basically have 20 or so pounds of belly fat I cannot remove.
6.  Another reason I cannot remove my belly fat is because I drank A LOT of beer.  I basically got hammered every day.  Now I am not condoning alcohol or alcohol abuse, but a little bit helps (If you are 21 and over ;]).  If you are going to drink beer, at least drink light beer.  And if you want to drink liquor, slow down on the pop.  I am not saying you have to drink a lot at all.  But a shot or two before bed might actually help.  If you are not a drinker, don't worry.  You don't need something else to stop.
7.  Break old habits.  If you would smoke in your car, this is a huge problem.  You may even want to buy a new car and not smoke in it.  I know that this is not really an option for most people, but make it a task NOT to smoke in your car.  I would always light up a cigarette on my way to work when I passed a certain exit.  Since you shouldn't be buying any cigarettes, you shouldn't have to worry about that should you?  Do not do all the things that you would smoke while doing.  Like if you get your coffee and smoke in the morning, either don't get coffee or don't go where you usually smoke.  If you smoke while you read, avoid reading for a while.  You get the drift.  
8.  In addition to breaking old habits, if you live in a smoking home, you are in for a ride and I will be honest, I do not have a lot of good advice for you.  If you are the only smoker, you can stop.  Buy things that freshen the house and make it a big deal to keep it that way.  If you live with a smoker, it is tough too, but if they smoke in the house, you are in trouble.  If they don't, just don't go out with them at all, at least until you are able to withstand the urges.  You will be able to eventually, just keep up with me!  If you have friends that smoke, don't avoid them, just avoid them when they smoke.  I would avoid all places that you are allowed to smoke at, such as some bars, casinos, etc.  At least for a few weeks.  Stay home where you are not allowed to light up.  Stay in places that you cannot just have one.  
8.  If your friends pressure you into smoking, tell them, hey, I'm quitting.  Don't pressure me.  If they still do, maybe they are not your friends?  That is up for you to decide.
9.  Quit on a memorable date.  I quit on New Years so I can say, I quit for this many years.  Quit on your birthday.  Quit on the 1st of a month.  Quit on a day that you can remember because it will make it so much more gratifying for you to say, I did it at this time on this day.  Make it known that you quit.  Not only to yourself, but to your loved ones and friends.  But don't be that overly crazy person and respect other people's decisions not to quit.  You are doing this for you.  No one else.  Get an app too, I use QuitNow!  It is nice because it gives you badges and tells you how long you've quit, how much you've saved, etc.  It says that I have not smoked 17,488 cigarettes to date.  That's pretty impressive!
10.  Last, but not least, definitely not least.  Write is down that you want to quit smoking.  On a piece of paper.  On multiple pieces of paper.  Put them throughout the house if you have do.  Once you finally quit, you can take them down or cross them out.  It is so simple, but it is extremely gratifying.  

I know that quitting is hard, trust me, I've done it.  I believe that cold turkey is the most effective because it just stops you dead in your tracks.  Weening will make you think, okay, I can have 4 instead of 3.  or 5 instead of 3.  or more instead of 3.  Then 3 instead of 2, etc.  It will make it harder if you are not completely on a strict schedule and amount and routine.  

After the first 72 hours, you will know that you can do it.  After the first two weeks, you will feel better.  After the first month, you will be happy with what you are doing.  After the first two months, if you go back to smoking, it is because you really want to and not because you need to.  Again, I have not touched any tobacco products, including pipe tobacco, cigarettes, chewing tobacco, cigars, etc. in 874 days today.  Do I want a cigarette?  Yes, I'd love one.  My girlfriend smokes a pack a day.  Two of my roommates smoke a pack a day.  But I don't need one.  And I'm so far into it and I've saved so much money and health, that I don't need another cigarette and I am able to say no.  Eventually, you will be able to say no and when you can, it is the best feeling you will ever feel.  

If anyone has any questions, comments, concerns, or needs advice, feel free to comment below.  I am willing to help when I can.  

Everyone can start smoking.  Everyone can quit smoking too.  You have to have the will power and the belief in yourself that you can do it.  I believe in you.  Good luck!  =]