I’m ready to quit smoking, but I’m afraid I won’t be able to do it.

So I’ve been smoking about a pack a day for 10 years now. I’ve quit once before cold turkey, but only for a couple of months. After a month, all cravings had disappeared and I felt I was finally in control. So much so that one night out drinking, I bummed a smoke from a friend, thinking I could handle it. Hell, I had quit once, I could definitely do it again. Well, you know the story.  That one became a few in the weekends, turned into buying a pack so I wasn’t always bumming from friends, and before I knew it, I was a full blown pack a day smoker again. 

So here I am again. After all these years of buying one pack at a time because it would always be my last, I now am determined to really quit for good. I don’t want my children seeing me as a smoker. I don’t want my wife having to put up with the stench on my clothes, hair, and breath. I don’t want to take, not only years off my life, but hours away from my family as I step outside to have a cigarette or two...multiple times throughout the day. I’ve decided to quit at the end of this month, but I’ve made those promises to myself and loved ones before. How can I ensure this isn’t just another broken promise?

It’s worth noting that currently I live in China, which is a smokers paradise. Smoking is deeply ingrained in the culture, it’s common for men to offer cigarettes to each other as a form of male bonding. Cigarettes are cheap, and smoking is everywhere. No real access for me to smoking cessation tools, though I really want to go cold turkey. I stopped smoking for about 6 months prior to moving out here, but by switching to vaping. Yeah, it was cleaner, had to burn or smell, but I still felt like an addict and as soo as I got to China and couldn’t get coils and juice easily, I went right back to cigarettes. 

Anyway, sorry for the long post. Just need some support and advice on how to make this stick. Already I am extremely anxious anticipating the cravings, mood swings, and restlessness that awaits me and I feel like I’m going to fail before I even get started.