Wife of a smoker looking for advice. Long, sorry.

I have been with my husband for around ten years now, he grew up in a family of smokers, we started dated at 16 and and at almost 18 he joined the military and we got married. we had a year before he deployed and this whole time, around 3 years, he didn't smoke. His first deployment was hard and he came back a pack a day. I didn't like it but I accepted it as a military thing and we both made it clear he expected to quit once he was out. 3 years,  another deployment and he was done with the military, and I was expecting our first child. He tried but it didn't really stick, New job, New house, New baby boy, still smoking. 

He tried several times to quit, once doing very well, a couple months without smoking and I had gotten used to it, then his grandpa died and he started again. I handled it probably the worst way I could have. I got really mad, yelled at him, a lot of bad juju and it led to more smoking. 

We talked long and hard about everything and he made it clear that I don't and will never know what is like to quit. I woosaa'ed he tried several more times, we had a baby girl and he finally quit about three months ago with chantix. Last week he went hunting with his family while me and the kids stayed home sick. He came home early to hang out with us. The next day he took them kids so I could do homework and when he came back I could smell smoke through my stuffy nose, he said it must just be the shirt he grabbed from his bag he took up hunting and just smelled because of the campfire.  

 Yesterday it finally came out because he smelled like smoke and he had no other excuses. I was mad, disappointed and heartbroken. I didn't hide it but I didn't yell at him or even tell him, just answered yes when he asked if I was mad. He said he is only smoking one or two a day. Obviously I'm not going to tell him but I'm just absolutely disappointed that he started again, I feel if it was me I would promise myself never to touch another cigarette, I know it's not that easy but it just seems to me he already had it kicked and he willfully started again. 

I know I'm probably going to get a lot of hate for this post but as a non smoker can someone guide me to a best course of action? My plan so far is to hands off it, but do I ignore it? He has my support, I will do everything I can, including hiding my feelings if that's the best way. I just want him to stop, and how to stop him from relapsing. Sorry if it doesn't make much sense.