Smoking Affects Everyone You Know


Smoking not only affects you, but all of the people in your life. You’re taking a positive step both for yourself and them by quitting smoking.

You

By quitting, you begin to lessen the large impact that smoking has.

Smoking decreases your:

Smell and taste
Energy levels
Lung function
Smoking puts you at greater risk for:

Lung disease (such as emphysema and chronic bronchitis)
Cancer, especially lung cancer
Heart attack or stroke
Coronary heart disease
Smoking also speeds up the aging process and drains your finances.

Your Partner

Most important, by quitting smoking, you’re doing something positive for your health. That means your partner can stop worrying about smoking’s long-term health risks.

It’s likely that your partner will enjoy that you no longer have smoker’s breath.
The money you’ll save by quitting smoking may be another bonus for your partner. You’ll have some extra money for dining out or taking holidays together.

Your Children

Children and family are a big reason for inciting smokers to quit. A recent survey found that 98% of children wished their parents would stop smoking, and nearly half said their parent’s smoking made them feel ill.

Kids learn about the health dangers of smoking at school. They probably worry about your health. If you smoke around your children, their health could be at risk too from passive, second-hand smoke.

Think of the extra treats you’ll be able to enjoy as a family with the money saved from quitting - days out, trips to the cinema, or even that dream family holiday. You’ll all enjoy the rewards of quitting smoking.

Your Friends

Don’t you hate it when you’re having a drink or meal with friends, then you suddenly dash outside for a cigarette? You’re outside alone, missing the fun inside.

Your friends will be happy if you quit, because they care about you and because you’ll be around to spend more time with them. You won’t need to leave for a cigarette when you use your willpower together with NICORETTE®.

Work Colleagues

When you’re tired, stressed, and up against deadlines, it’s easy to seek comfort by sneaking out of the office for a cigarette break. However, reports show that over a year, smokers can spend up to five weeks away from their desks taking what they think of as ‘quick’ breaks.

Nobody wants to be thought of as not doing their share of the work. Quitting smoking can help make your day more productive.