What's working for me this time

Hi, I'm writing to hopefully offer some help and suggest some tactics that are really working for me this time. I started smoking at 15, I'm 38 now and have tried to quit what seems like 100's of times. I've used every method imaginable with mixed results, but ultimately wound up smoking again. This time around I think I've got a good thing going and I've been trying to figure out what it is that's working. I'm 15 days nicotine free. I just quit cold turkey, I bought a cigarette off the bartender on my way out the door after a nightcap going home from work and that was it. I haven't had any craving to smoke (at least not bad at all craving), and only a couple of real irritable moments where it was more like a pattern than a craving (as irritable as I was I did not want to smoke). The things I've done this time that are different from prior attempts: 1) I've read, studied, and practiced the art of being assertive. This has been huge not just with smoking but almost every aspect of my life. Before I used passivity, aggression, or passive-aggressive behavior to try to get what I wanted and usually just wound up frustrated. I believe there was no way I would ever quit smoking until I learned how to stand up for myself. I think this is an often overlooked key to quitting a lot of smokers never realize. Part of the reason we smoke is that we suck at standing up for ourselves so the addiction wins. Step 1) study assertiveness. Two Books are Non-Violent Communication and Your Perfect Right. 2) I've been taking SAM-E. I won't get into what exactly SAM-E is, but I will say it has helped my mood tremendously. I've suffered from depression most of my life and feared quitting smoking because I felt my little crutch had mood altering chemicals that kept me happier throughout my day. I'm not into antidepressants because I haven't found one that clicked with me well and got tired of searching. I started taking SAM-E solely for my mood, and not aid in quitting smoking. Anyway, I wasn't sure the SAM-E  was doing anything for me and so when I ran out I was out. Two days later I felt horribly depressed, worse than any antidepressant I've got off of. So I'm back on those now and now that I've quit smoking I'm really feeling the positive effect they have on my mood and irritability. I only take 1 in the morning and it seems to help a lot. Step 2) Read up on SAM-E and see if it's right for you, take daily. 3) I take my vitamins. Especially vitamin D. Apparently almost everyone is vitamin D deficient, which I never would have thought I am because I get plenty of sun and drink whole milk, but now I take a supplement. This is also mainly for mood, and I feel it works. I take a daily B complex as well for energy and will pop a midday one if I'm dragging. Then there is the mighty Vitamin C. A few things about C: it will help you move the crap out of your lungs, addicts have taken incredible amounts of it and broken addictions doing so, and you can't overdose on it. Take some C daily, trust me. And last is Zinc. Zinc will give your immune system a little kick for a day or 3 if you start feeling the crud taking over your lungs pop a Zinc for a day or 3 just don't overdo the dosing on zinc. Step 3) Take your vitamins. And that's it. These are the key things I think are helping me this time. I hope this helps some fellow quitter's out there. 