My Chain-Smoker Husband's Story

My husband smoked for 8 years and it has been a constant source of our bickering, heated conversations, and arguments.  
Needless to say, smoking is a non-negotiable to me.  I just loathe it.  Every time I catch him smoking, I would call on his attention and start speaking to him.  But all my thoughts and words made no sense to this lying chain-smoker of a husband.  This series of explanations turn nasty until they became huge fights that were becoming a bit of a habit for both of us.
When I got pregnant, it brought me different kinds of joy as my husband also decided to stop smoking to welcome our little one.  I thought that was the end of our fights.  But that was just the start of it.  
He promised that it was the last pack of cigarettes but then I found out later that it was indeed his last pack and that he just asked his officemates for a stick or two per day.
 This just drove me crazy and the fighting just escalated.  I can’t believe he lied to me over and over.  After coming to an agreement (after long and many fights), he promised to stop smoking altogether.  I was too happy about this news that I even invited him to celebrate this joyous occasion.  
After a week of my husband being smoke-free, I noticed that the lighter he leaves at home (as proof of his commitment to stop) was missing.  He was working on a night shift that week so I confronted him came morning.
He said that he wanted to see if there were really changes, or if his body no longer ached to smoke after trying a stick.  I knew it was a lie and that he relapsed.  The fighting started again until it came to a point when I thought of getting a divorce.
I couldn’t bear the stress of it all – all the lying when all I wanted to do was to save my husband from digging his own grave early.
Fortunately, our marriage survived because I learned a lot from this experience.  It’s that no matter how hard you force someone to quit, they will not do so until they are willing to change themselves.  This drive to stop has to come from within.
No amount of pressure, guilt-tripping, or fights will make that person stop smoking.  Hence, all this will only make them succumb to the “warm embrace” of smoking as this helps them ease the stress and tension.  
I learned this the hard way.  And it took me a long time to realize this too.  What these smoking addicts need is a loving and understanding home – a home that is willing to stretch their patience and consideration.  
I do hope that those who are suffering from the same experience as I did get to learn from this story.
