Coming up on day 14. Anxiety plz can u not.

So on a whim, nearly two weeks ago, I decided to quit snus. 

I know, I know, this is the stopsmoking subreddit, but you guys have been with me during numerous quit attempts while I still smoked, so I'll post it here. The symptoms are the same anyway. 

I smoked for nearly 13 years, until I stopped doing that and switched to snus (scandinavia). It's similiar to dip, except that you stick it under your lip and let the wet membranes do the absorbtion. 

In a way, since it's non-intrusive to the outside world, it's almost worse than smoking. You go on a constant feed of nicotine every hour you're awake, seldom going more than 30 minutes without getting fed. But I digress. 

  I have tried quitting nicotine before. You always hear stories about those people who only get sniffles or an upset stommach, but are otherwise fine. 
Then  you hear about those who get hot flashes, shivering, full blown anxiety and panic attacks, dizziness, nausea, the works. 

I'm one of the latter. My quit attempts have usually lasted no more than 12 hours, because that's when the anxiety really starts kicking my balls. 

This time was... different. I was just determined I guess. 
I felt no *urge* to take a snus or put any nicotine into my system. I've had no cravings, since I'm officially mentally done with it. 

  Which is just as well, because my body is having a really hard time adapting. 

We're coming up on two weeks, and today the anxiety has been really bad. Like, really REALLY bad. I've been sweating all day, having hot flashes, worrying about every single little thing. What am I doing with my life? Is she mad? Did I fuck that up? Am _I_ mad?

  In the end, I know I'll never go back to putting nicotine in my body. I just won't. 

  Why? 

  Because there's no way in hell I'm going back to re-experience these withdrawals. Every hour I go with this fucked up body that is desperately trying to recalibrate itself after 15 years of abuse, I get more set. 

  Never doing it again. I just wish this anxiety and morning nausea would go the fuck away so I could get on with my life. It's interfering, and I've got shit to do. 

Just as small vent.  
All you other guys who have just quit. Hang in there. It DOES get better. Some of the withdrawals take 2-4 weeks to go away if you're unlucky with your biochemistry. 

  Hang in there people. 