A word of encouragement from a young smoker

I am currently 17 years old and I have been smoking for about four months now. It started when I was overseas in Austria around New Years, I was with my cousins (who were smokers) and when they offered me a cigarette ... I accepted. Before I had my first smoke, I never knew why people enjoyed it or wanted to continue doing it. After decades of anti-smoking campaigns and a general awareness of its negative effects; why on earth would anyone want to smoke? But ... then I tried it. 

I have never, in my life, experienced such a sense of overwhelming euphoria and happiness. It brings a relaxation that numbs everything that weighs on you and leaves you in utter bliss. So, when the chance came to try it again, I did. After that point, to now, I have smoked about twelve packs in total and I now realise why this drug is so incredibly dangerous. 

I have begged my father to stop smoking for as long as I can remember but I never would have imagined how difficult that really can be. Now, I know and it equips me with the ability to have a greater deal of sympathy for those trying to stop. When people tell me it is one of the most difficult things in the world to do, I believe them.

Which is why I wanted to go on here and say: it is worth it! The momentary release that smoking gives is not worth the sadness and pain that it brings with it. It goes without saying that I have stopped smoking and I can only have a vague idea of how challenging it must be to those that have done it for their entire lives. After my brief exposure to smoking, I feel an obligation to give support to those that are going through this. I pray for all those that are trying to stop smoking, that they would have the strength to do so. It is difficult but it is a path that will bring greater happiness than smoking could ever provide.

As a parting gift, I would like to give a quote from Marcus Aurelius that I have found invaluable in overcoming many tribulations:

"Remember how long you have been putting this off, how many times you have been given a period of grace by the gods and not used it ... [T]here is a limit circumscribed to your time - if you do not use it to clear away your clouds, it will be gone, and you will be gone, and the opportunity will not return."
- Marcus Aurelius, Meditation (Book 2, paragraph 4) 