Just Stop

Stop using nicotine right now.  Resolve to never use it again.  Need more info?  Here you go:

a) Recognize the drug addiction.  It's no different than being addicted to any other drug, or food, or sex, or anything else.  Just because you can buy it at a gas station doesn't mean that the people who sell you nicotine aren't drug dealers.  They take money and give you a fix.  Do not do this, ever again.

b)  Nothing will truly replace withdrawal.  It is the process you go through to deny addiction.  It hurts, it ruins your self-esteem, it plays tricks on your body, but you *must endure it at some point* in order to be free.  Be willing to make up the ground that you lost in weakness.

c)  It hurts, but you can survive withdrawal.  Many have, many more will.  The weeks and months of pain will pass, but you must never forget the fact that you are denying yourself a destructive, addictive chemical, and even in the throws of pain you are better off and healthier than a drug addicted person has ever been.

d)  Don't be tempted by NRT, ecigs or books.  The world has devised many ways to profit from your addiction, and they will sell you all manner of devices and advice to capitalize on your weakness.  No!  Just no!  They do not deserve what you've worked hard to earn... the world doesn't deserve to prey on you in this fashion.  You need *NOTHING* to quit.  You need merely to do nothing at all.  Just stop, now!

e)  As long as you never take nicotine again, you'll be free.  Even if it hurts you, ruins you, or otherwise spoils everything, you'll cease to be an addict if you simply refuse to administer the drug on yourself.  The good news is: recovery does happen.  It *does get better* if you have patience and the willingness to *not actively feed drug addiction*.

f)  Withdrawal from drugs hurts.  It hurts a lot.  I'm sorry.  Nicotine withdrawl hurts for days, weeks, months.  But not forever.  Just stop using nicotine.  Why do you want to feed it, anyway?  To alleviate some pain or discomfort?  It won't help.  A hit of nicotine delays withdrawal for, what, 30-60 minutes?   Is withdrawal really *that bad* that you'd pay money and health by the hour to delay it?  Just take withdrawal, enjoy it, cash the check, and move on.  Get away from this subred, and face the world wiser.

Screw Ecigs and Allen Carr and the whole chase.  This drug culture is such a waste.  Go away.