I quit 2 weeks ago to the hour. This feels weird

Like I said, 2 weeks to the hour ago, I was talking to my Long time GF. we were talking about our daughter and the next thing I remember her saying is "You are Killing yourself!"  

Well, that did it for me.  I put on a step 1 patch, bought some nicotine lozenges, and that was it. It's amazing how much the lozenges helped me quit.  I've tried before with just a patch and didn't make it.  The urge was killed as soon as I popped a lozenge in my mouth.  

This past week, I had noticed that anywhere I had put a patch, it was red, itchy, and puffy.  I finally had enough and stopped using the patch on Friday.  Friday night, I noticed that the lozenge was tasting terrible.  I chalked it up to rum and coke messing with me and called it a night.  Saturday morning came around I popped one lozenge and we headed north for a family gathering. I forgot my lozenges.  I figured it was OK.  

Oh No it wasn't OK.  I felt weird towards evening. I had (and still have) these "shocks" that ripple through my body.  Almost like goosebumps that don't stay.  Today I've had the weirdest sensations.  

But not once have I desired to light up a cigarette.  There's no association between the urges and smoking.  It's really weird.  I've tried to quit in the past and always, ALWAYS associated the urge to smoking a cigarette.  Seeing someone smoke doesn't "poke" me. Smelling a cigarette doesn't "do it" for me.   I guess I'm finally done with it.  and I really, honestly, used to enjoy smoking.

I'm not one of those people that will start thumping their chest about it.  I'm normally a private person, and don't really broadcast things about myself. Hell, I don't really get into participating on Reddit all that much.  

What I'm trying to say is, If you are trying, thinking, or in the process of quitting, keep at it.  if it doesn't work now, wait a bit, then try again.  There's no point in pushing yourself constantly to quit.  you'll only fail.  you really do have to be "ready" to quit.  don't just think you are.  There will be a point that drives it home and keeps you from starting up again.  I had smoked for 27 years.  I was 14 when I started.  I'm 41 now (for the lazy people).  It's odd that the numbers are transposed, but, hey, it's neat.  

I've always had a good sense of taste and smell.  I grew up in the kitchen and my mother was a home economics teacher.   I haven't noticed much in the way of improved tase or smell.  I have noticed that I don't smell as raunchy anymore, nor do I feel greasy.  Edit:  wanted to post before the hour was up.

I've been generally pleasant, but Saturday and today I've noticed that the urges definitely make me a bit short tempered.  I've been more aggressive in driving, and have definitely had to keep my mouth shut on numerous occasions. But it's working.  I'm doing it. I'm finally smoke free. 

But damn, i'm bored. What the fuck do I do with my hands?