Started smoking a couple months ago after having quit for almost a decade. I don't know how to stop.

Long story short I started smoking when I was living with my family as a teenager because I grew up in a strange environment and was always extremely stressed out. I smoked for about three years and then quit when I was in college, which was really difficult but I switched to vaping (which was pretty new back then) and then after a year I didn't need the vape anymore.

About three years ago I moved back in with family due to financial hardship and even though I'm almost 30, my family has the same rules they did when I was a teenager regarding curfew and general privacy. About two months ago I broke down and had a huge screaming argument with my mom about my lack of privacy that ended with me storming out of the house, buying a pack of smokes, and chain smoking the entire thing. I've been smoking 2-3 packs per week since then. I know it sounds stupid but I was so angry I couldn't see straight and I probably would have done anything offered to me at that point. 

Part of what's holding me back is that the first time I quit, there were clear benefits. I was sick of having bronchitis, I had friends that wouldn't let me in their home if I had smoked recently, and I just felt like it was time to give up an immature habit. 

This time it just feels like choosing physical health at the expense of my mental health. I have no doubt in my mind that I could quit if I moved out of this house but living here I'm under so much stress that several times a day I feel like I need to take 15 minutes to just zone out and live outside my body while I let the nicotine rush hit me, so when I go back in I'm better equipped to handle what's coming. I never felt the need to smoke when I was living on my own but here it's constant, just like when I was a teenager. 

How can I kick this? I know it's disgusting, I also know I'm on medication that increases my red blood cell count so I'm probably at increased risk for clotting. 