The 171st day relapse :/

I went NC with a toxic parent in 2014. I quit smoking and nicotine cold turkey in August 2015 and broke up with a toxic partner whom I still love very much even though he is a total psychopath addict. I managed to get through a crazy work contract and all of the winter holidays with my head on straight and healthy and smiling all the way through, despite tidal waves of terrific grief. I am in recovery and doing fine.

But then my dog had a series of seizures and even though I got him on medication and trust that process, Valentine's Day happened, and instead of breakfast in bed, what I got was his third seizure of the year. Awesome! And to top it all off, my own medical test result came back with negative implications and I am scheduled for biopsies on Thursday. This is year #4 of these biopsies and they never find anything and the process hurts and I am going through it alone. Uncool. Just uncool. Scary. Painful.

So tonight I finally steamed the carpet after yesterday's seizure and I poured out so many buckets of black ugly water, and I'm done. Three more days until the hated biopsies and I am sitting on my front step in the dark chain smoking after so many days of staying clean. It is the stupidest thing to do and I'm pissed and I'll be honest in my Smoke Free reporting but I am going to be a jerk here and not reset my flair. :/

It feels REALLY GOOD to be smoke free and nicotine free. But in absence of any other mind-numbing substance -- alcohol won't do it right now unless I get completely bombed, which is not my style -- I am reverting to this stupid shitty habit. Just for tonight and even though it is THE WORST thing to do when cancer is already on the table. 

I'm keen to hear from anyone who relapsed in a situation like this and what you've figured out to do since. I know I will go cold turkey again and it will suck AGAIN, but at this point I feel like the pain of the sudden quit will be welcome over the pain of facing the medical issue with no help.

Sometimes I really miss smoking. But I know it is like the toxic people in my life and like them, cannot be sustained for any length of time.

I feel like I am cheating on myself with the most beloved and most hated abusive partner I ever knew.