Checking in at 72 days smoke-free; what's working

I was surprised to see 72 days this morning, and super glad. Part of me has no idea how I've managed it, especially when the cravings do still hit and always at a magnitude of 10.

The day I dropped smoking, I also dropped alcohol, started really actively withdrawing from a difficult/toxic relationship (or one that just was not working anymore, in any case), and avoided nicotine replacement methods. This was like letting go of four addictions at once, which might sound impossible, but in addiction recovery it's probably the best way to heal your brain: attend to your core issues that caused the habits which led to the addiction(s) to begin with.

I'm doing core issues work, and although smoking addiction really was the least of my problems, I did sort out that the reason I started smoking in the first place, in high school, was that my crazy hateful mother accused me of it everytime she picked me up from my night job at a restaurant (where other staff, and patrons, did smoke). One night after she got pretty extreme about it, I stayed downstairs when she went up to bed -- and I pulled one of her unfinished cigarettes out of her ashtray, lit it, took a few horrible puffs, and made her right. 

I've remembered that so many times during my decades of smoking addiction, but it wasn't until this year that I finally realized, I never liked smoking, at the start. I picked this up from her, as a defense mechanism *against* her. I picked it up because I needed something to buffer against all that *pain*.

I haven't spoken to her in a year. I think this silence/peace/choice has contributed a lot to my ability to stay smoke-free. Ironically she was always able to only smoke socially, and drop it whenever she wanted to, no withdrawal at all. Get it? My mom smokes to be cool. Even now, she delights in lighting up her e-cig and waving it around, and talking about what a marvelous thing it is. 

My parent still smokes to be cool. I was doing it because somehow I needed it to survive everything else in my life. I needed it a pack a day and on a particular dosage and timing, and I needed it EVERY DAY. I needed full flavor and the most nicotine and the longest cigarette. And I'm not saying my smoking habit was superior to hers. Just, mine was about survival and after about three years, it was a full blown addiction.

Part of my ability to throw this away now is realizing that the habit developed because of someone else making it available and apparently something I was supposed to do. If you have a similar reason for having started smoking, it's time to look at that and put the habit back where it belongs: in the past.

Other things that seem to have helped: 

General and day-to-day: clean eating, responsible sleeping, investigating the neuroscience of addiction. Weight training (cardio followed by 30 minutes weight lifting), 3x/week.

Intermittent: L-tyrosine or serotonin/GABA supplement. Reddit support, journaling as needed.

Bonus: As part of the weight training, I was told to cut out potato chips. This pissed me off for about a week, but I did as I was told. Once I felt I had that omission under control, I happened across a nutrition article about how potato and other foods contain NICOTINE. That baffles me but I went ahead and omitted the other foods -- tomato, potato, eggplant, green and black teas, peppers, cauliflower -- from my diet within two weeks of the smoking quit. And I'm going to say that it's probably helped a LOT.

My cravings, when they hit, are still harrowing and painful. Last week I drove around for almost an hour, debating whether to go home and pull the stale pack out of its "in case of emergency" place in the kitchen cabinet. In the end, I got back home and somehow by evening I had managed to get through the day and the hours-long craving without smoking, and without noticing when the craving slipped away.

Even the worst cravings DO slip away.

Whatever you are doing that is working, keep doing that. I think being smoke free is just brilliant; it feels really good, really strong, and really smart. Best of all, it feels FREE. 

Thank you for always being a great support. This group has been key in overcoming recent cravings, and I am so grateful for that, and you. 



