Totally f***ing lame

I am about to relapse over a relationship issue and am completely freaking out. I broke up with my person of the past 6 years about three days before quitting cigarettes. I'm in a recovery program for a different addiction -- his -- and he is not in recovery. I broke up because he said something about my child and I suddenly realized I'm scared he would ever say anything like that at all. I blocked calls and texts and have asked for apology but he just gets pissed and won't address it.

He lives in another state and even with almost zero contact last month, asked me on Thursday to fly out for this weekend. I danced around it because I couldn't tell if he was just baiting me. In the end I declined and haven't heard from him since Friday. That's fine but he is supposedly going into hospital tomorrow for a biopsy and bariatric surgery and will be there several days. I have been livid at him since end of May and *just* understood that if he is having surgery, he could die from it.

This was my person. He wasn't great at supporting me and in fact seemed to take issue with most of what I did or said. It has probably been an abusive relationship. He might have Aspergers, or he might be Borderline Personality disordered. And he's a food addict and an internet porn addict. But whatever he's been, he's been my summers and my weekends and my holidays. And we can't get our relationship right and I perceive he threatened my kid and but he is having this surgery and NOTHING IS RESOLVED.

Writing it out here helps; I can't find my journal, I used to smoke while journaling so it's been a few weeks. 

I don't know what to do. I broke off with him for all sorts of reasons and some of them seem very insignificant now -- not the one about my child, that one still commands apology. But, God! My head is so screwed up right now. Half of me is in tears at having "failed" to be a good partner and be there for this surgery, or the last hurrah just before it -- and the other half just deadened, sure that in the past month he's just replaced me with someone else.

Totally sick of being/feeling addicted -- to nicotine, smoking, cigarettes, and people. SO LAME.