Need help quitting smoking

So a little bit of a backstory. I've been smoking for the past 12 years I am 30 years old and about to be 31. Hi Mother, my grand father, my grandma and several other family members have died due to smoking related diseases cancer being the main one. That should be motivation enough for me to quit smoking however I've allowed myself to give him any excuses as to why I'm unable to do so or break the habit.

I grew up around smoking so it was something that I was always a custom too. I have one older sister. Smokes and one that does not smoke so it clearly was not a habit built in the home but a personal habit that I built over a period of time.

Well I do have stress at work such as some drama between coworkers and issues with my boss and is very verbally abusive to myself and other staff. I have also placed my two weeks notice and in order to get myself into a better place and have financially pay my bills throughout the next month or two in order to give myself the opportunity to find a better job. I am in a position where I do not have much stress outside of my boyfriend living in a different city that's 4 hours away however he is on the same page that he does want me to quit smoking. He does not pressure me to do so and he supports me in any way shape or form he can.

I know that majority of this is just a mental state and I allow myself to go ahead and repeat to have it over and over based on nothing more than boredom and not knowing what else to do with my time or with my stress. Right now I do have a major motivation to quit as I do not want to be a smoker for the rest of my life and you don't want to keep spending my money on something as trivial as this when it does not benefit me at all. I know majority of this is in my mind but it still does not stop me from executing a habit of just picking up a cigarette when I'm bored.

I am asking for help us I'm not quite sure what steps I can take to help break the habit. I have gone through throwing out all the cigarette ashtrays making sure that there are no cigarette buds within my car within my home. Work very diligently just to make sure that I do not have any signs of smoking that would allow me to continue to have it within the home. The problem that I am running into is more of the Habit based where when I'm sitting around don't have anything to do not really sure what to do with myself I end up smoking a cigarette. Where the anxiety starts to become a little bit much and I don't know what to do with my hands so therefore I smoke a cigarette.

I would appreciate any advice or techniques that you have that could assist me in to quit smoking as I do know it's going to take about seven years for my lungs to rebuild if I'm capable of doing that or have not caused major damage at this point health wise. Thank you guys for any assistance that you may provide!