Three Years after quitting: Lessons learned on addiction and life

I tried to stop smoking a couple times prior to quitting. I tried patches, and quitting at the same time as my partner, and in the end it always got too hard. There was always an excuse to start smoking again.

I ended up quitting cold turkey after reading the Allen Carr book. This is not to say that other methods of quitting don't work, they just didn't work for me. 

Things I learned from quitting smoking:

Food tastes good. Food tastes really really good. When I was used to using a cigarette as a distraction from difficulties or unwanted emotions, I substituted with food. Its only now that I'm starting to pick apart some of the addictive behaviours I have surrounding food.

Smoking actually takes a lot of time. If you think about having say, 10 - 15 cigarettes a day (what I was smoking), at five minutes a cigarette, that's around one hour back in your day. ONE HOUR! I was amazed at how I wasn't rushing about, that I could take time to get things done.

Its important to take time to enjoy the benefits of not smoking, particularly in the early days and weeks when it's really tough. Don't have to sit outside the pub in the cold beer garden during winter? Wooot! Really enjoying the increased sexual function? AWESOME! Food! Sense of smell! Take this time to really enjoy these experiences, as they will help you get through the cravings.

All the "reasons" that you have for not quitting smoking are actually excuses. My partner smokes? So what? If your partner loves you they will support your decisions. I need it to take time away from my work? I need to think about the way I structure my day, and take breaks because I need them, not because I need to feed an addiction. 

Quitting takes emotional and physical effort. I was in a good place in my life and relationship when I quit. If I had been in a dark place it would have been harder. (Not impossible, but harder). I really learned that when you bug someone to stop smoking you are asking them to expend a whole bunch of energy they may be prioritising on something else right now. 

Viewing cravings as something to experience without pushing it away is a skill. The more I did it, the better I got. The more I let the craving just be, the less power they had over me. 

Drinking water all the time make me feel clean and fresh. So did brushing my teeth. The cleaner I felt, the less I wanted to smoke and fill my body with dirty smoke.

When you learn you can overcome one destructive habit, often others follow. I'm now doing a buttload more exercise, eating a much healthier diet, and am currently in the midst of a 3 month no-alcohol period. I am meditating daily, and my mental state has much improved. 

The most important thing I would pass on to everyone here is that **there is no such thing as "Just one cigarette"**. Don't make deals with yourself. Don't get complacent. 
