12 Years Smoke Free: Yes, You Can Do It Too

I stumbled upon this sub, saw that most of you are early in the process of quitting and thought I might tell my story and offer hope that yes, you can absolutely quit smoking.

I started smoking at 15 when I worked at a golf course. I would collect the carts and it wasn't unusual to find left over beers and cigarettes (drunk golfers man, they forget stuff). I would smoke and drink the beers while I drove the ball picking machine on the range. By the time I was 16, I was smoking a pack a day and smoked at least that much if not more for the next decade of my life. I know that for many of you, this is not an extremely long time to be a smoker.

After age 25, I made numerous attempts to quit. Typically, they were poorly planned out and failed anywhere from one week in to 12 hours. By 27, I was disgusted with myself. I had once been a pretty good athlete and was now a fat, wheezing slob. The final straw was finding a large varicose vein on my taint (seriously).

I serendipitously had an event which prevented me from smoking. At a new years party hosted by myself and my bandmates (I should mention, I was living in a punk house in Los Angles), I became so drunk that I got alcohol poisoning and vomited nearly non-stop for 24 hours. My throat was so raw that drinking water was excruciating and cigarette smoke was like a hot iron poker inside my neck. I had no choice but to abstain for three days. 

I have no idea if this or true or not but somewhere, I had heard the first three days of quitting is the hardest. I accepted this as gospel and went with it. I had already done the hardest three days, all I needed to do was stick with it. At this point, it should be noted that I was living in an apartment with two other smokers and we all smoked inside.

I was now engaged in a test of will. Not only was I determined to stop but I was determined to not change my life or the lives of others to accommodate me. I figured if I didn't have the will power to not smoke in a house of smokers, I didn't have the will power period. In a way, I think this helped. My quitting became less about quitting and more about me being a stubborn son of a bitch. I can be extremely stubborn. 

I stuck with it, every day I didn't smoke, a day in my "smoke free bank" made the entirety of my not smoking more valuable, something I just couldn't part with. Six months of not smoking? I busted my ass for that! No way was I going to throw that away!

Eventually, the inevitable happened; I was drunk, I broke up with girlfriend and I really wanted a smoke. I bummed a cigg and lit up. I didn't like the idea but I didn't care at that point. I took a long, soft drag and... it tasted like absolute shit. The nicotine felt fantastic but the taste was sickening. I was nauseated. I took another drag and that was it. I gave the half smoked cigg to my friend to finish.

Every day since then has been easier and easier. The disgust I felt gave me confidence in the permanence of my quitting. Since then I have smoked on three other occasions; twice when I was extremely drunk and commiserating with smoker friends and I split a cigarette with my wife on November 8th 2016, for obvious reasons.

I would say that after a year of not smoking, it was no longer a daily challenge. Two years of not smoking, "quitting", was no longer something I thought about with any regularity. I just wasn't a smoker. After five years, smoking was like a girl I dated in high school, part of a past life that only popped up in my mind on the rarest of occasions with some sweet reminiscing but mostly thinking, "wow, that bitch was fucking crazy! What was I thinking!?". I will never be a smoker again. Barring the a blackout drunk night once ever five years or so, I probably will never touch a cigarette again. At this point, there is no temptation. My life is way better, I'm an athlete again and that crazy taint vein is long gone.

I don't know the technique for you to quit but I do know that you can do it and it will stick. It will get easier and easier until it has no more power over you than picture from your high school yearbook. I wish all of you the best in your quitting journeys and you have my support. If any of you need a word of encouragement, let me know and I will be your cheer leader! 

Best of luck!





