Husband and I are quitting. He's struggling more than I am. Advice welcome!

This is long--thank you in advance to those of you who choose to read.

CONTEXT: my husband and I are in our late 20s and are currently on day 4 of our quit. We've both smoked on and off for about 8 years. We had both quit for a full year a while back, but one pack two years ago dragged us both down in. For the last year, we've been sharing 5-8 American spirits a day (cutting back whooo). 

MOTIVATION TO QUIT: we want to start trying for kids next year, and are 100% on the same page that smoking is not a part of those future plans. We also are in a tight financial spot until he graduates from his grad program this winter, and $50 a month on smokes looked like a smart place to scrimp (I know, it isn't much compared to when we were both pack a day smokers).

I NEED HELP: I am having an easy time with this quit. I am SURPRISED that I am having an easy time--I am not experiencing withdrawal, and my cravings have been mild. My only noticeable symptom has been heightened emotionality--I'm a bit more sensitive and trigger happy with the tears right now, which plays poorly off of my husbands quitting demeanor. (Worth noting--I haven't ACTUALLY cried at or to him, I just often feel like I'm on the verge of tears)

My husband is really, really struggling with obsessive negative thinking. He says that this is just "a terrible time to quit" even though we BOTH agreed a week ago that there is NEVER going to be a "good time," and we've been using that excuse for years now.He flat out refuses to communicate any needs or desires to me--his answer to everything is "I really just don't care." He's a super tightly wound ball of negative energy. He's snappish. He's cold and dismissive to me. He literally bristles if I touch him. He doesn't want to talk about how he's feeling, and I don't want to pester him, as I know that won't help. 

This is 100% opposite his typical demeanor. He is genuinely KIND and empathetic by default, and appreciative, and affectionate. He hasn't even said "thank you" to me in 4 days. He won't touch me. He won't make eye contact.

My problem is this: I am feeling incredibly sad and alone. He is my best friend and the person I go to when I need to talk through something--he supported me like a champ through a bout with serious depression a few years ago. I don't feel like I can talk to him about ANYTHING right now without frustrating him, so I've been trying to give him as much space as possible. I want to support him--I want to make this easier for him, but I have no idea what to do when even the smallest kind gesture is met with disdain and disinterest. He admitted the other day that every time I try to do something thoughtful for him right now, he only feels irritated and resentful. I can tell that I am compulsively trying to "fix" things, and I know that I can't "fix" this for him, so I've been trying hard to limit the amount that I comment on his attitude and behavior towards me right now. I'm also feeling incredibly drained only 4 days in. 

Should I just keep trying to make myself scarce and to give him space? How do I handle these disproportionate feelings of hurt and loneliness and abandonment without adding to his stress? At what point are negative behavior caused by quitting worth addressing in the moment--should I keep letting all of this go without trying to talk to him about how I'm feeling? I just want my sweet husband back, but I want us both to be successful with this quit enough that I'm willing to put up with some shit to get there.

Any advice, input or words of encouragement would be greatly appreciated.

**tl;dr** my husband is *struggling* with our quit, and the emotional impact is getting to me. How can we be better at this?