Vaping vs. Nicotine Gum--why the difference in stigma? Opinions welcome!

So, for the past 54 days I have been 100% cigarette-free and it feels great. I've been using an electronic cigarette as a quitting aid, and for me, it's worked like a dream. I'm down to hardly any nicotine and I feel great.

Here is a thing I've noticed: the last time I (unsuccessfully) quit, I used nicotine gum from our student health center. I was encouraged by my doctor to use the gum as often as needed for as long as I needed. Day one, I was handed a 4 month supply (several boxes, hundreds of pieces of gum).  During this time, everyone I knew was incredibly supportive of my switch from cigs to the gum, and applauded my efforts to quit. Even when I would slip up and smoke, everyone remained encouraging.

Now, with the e-cig, I have been told more times than I can count that I "haven't REALLY quit" because e-cigs "still have nicotine, so you're still addicted." People seem to be openly disdainful of me using this as a regulated tool to quit, even though I have now officially gone longer without a cigarette than I have in the last 6 years (previous quitting attempts included). I've been deliberately and consistently reducing my nicotine levels since day one. I have no desire to smoke. I have no intention of keeping vaping as a habit, either--it's just a tool for me. And yet I still get the eye-rolls all the time, like this "doesn't count."

I get the argument that "you don't know what's in your e-juice," and so I only buy mine from one supplier that uses natural flavoring, vegetable glycerin and nicotine concentrate. No one ever asked me about the ingredients in my gum, nor were they detailed on the packaging I was given--only the nic levels.

Does anyone (perhaps someone who views vaping negatively) have any thoughts on where this difference in stigma comes from? Why do more people in the quitting community seem to be ok with gum and patches for nicotine replacement therapy than with e-cigs? (Obviously cold turkey, nicotine-free, is the absolute best, health-wise--I'm on my way!) I guess the negative responses have just been bumming me out lately, and I want to understand where people are coming from.

Thanks, friends!