I have tried 8 times to quit using Alan Carr's "Easyway" and I keep slipping and smoking again. I don't feel "happy" about not smoking and I still feel like nicotine provides a special feeling. Advice?

Hello everyone. I started smoking several years ago in my mid-teen years. I remember my first hit of a cigarette being pleasurable but very taxing on my lungs. My first drag of a cigarette spiraled me into my addiction to nicotine; I became a heavy, everyday smoker and I have had difficulty lessening my nicotine consumption. Once I have one, I feel a constant compulsion to have more. Such is the nature of nicotine.


I stumbled across Allen Carr's "Easy Way to Quit Smoking" about a year ago. I have read this book, cover to back, eight times. The first time I read it, I had not smoked for a few days, but I realized many points Allen Carr made in regards to psychological addiction as a result of "brainwashing" from the tobacco industry were irrefutable. 
I have several doubts about his book, and I suppose that is why his method has not worked for me. I still feel like there is something special a cigarette provides for me. I still get this feeling of relief and normality after lighting up, while simultaneously loathing myself for not staying quit. I know there is no "real" benefit that cigarettes or nicotine can provide for me.


I always seem to slip into this depression everytime I try to quit. I am a very depressed person regardless of whether or not I am a smoker, and I suppose that is my biggest problem with Alan Carr's method- I just can't seem to "BE HAPPY" about not smoking. The usual, mundane trivialities of my life's circumstances are often overbearing, and the very act of smoking feels like a sort of escape for me, a break from reality.
I feel like the dopamine receptors of my brain are depleted after several weeks of smoking cessation. During my previous quit attempts (I have tried to quit using Alan Carr's method over eight times in the past year), I usually feel elated and excited about not smoking for several days. A few weeks pass by and I feel like there is a hole in my life. I also understand that nicotine creates the same void that it fills. 
My mom has been criticising me about smoking again. She is very disappointed and worried I will shortly return to my pack-a-day status. She tells me I have quit before and I am capable of doing it again. I know she is right. I could throw out my cigarettes now, but a few hours later, I would have a feeling of panic and regret.


I have considered switching to e-cigarettes, but Alan Carr's method strongly advises against this.


TL;DR version:
1. Alan Carr's "EASYWAY" method has not seemed to work for me, as I can't grasp the fundamental "BE HAPPY, NON-SMOKER!" aspect of his book.
2. A few weeks into nicotine cessation are where my cravings tend to peak.
3. I become withdrawn socially without cigarettes, I feel like they make me more sociable.
4. I just can't seem to shake the idea that cigarettes are special.
5. Has anyone tried e-cigarettes? Have they helped you?