Someone posted "convince me not to smoke," I wanted to respond

He since deleted his post. But I wanted to share what I wrote anyway, because I hope it's helpful. His original post: 

> im 18, i want to smoke really bad man,i keep watching cig reviews. Go to Tobacco sub reddits and i almost think about it all the time, i know it will kill me. My dad was a surgeon, he was really descriptive about what happens what happens when you smoke, it grossed me out! and now im just about walk down to the 7-11.. so please, try to make me not do this.. and sorry, this is the only sub reddit i could think of to post this too, if there is another, please do tell Edit:Sorry if i seem to Over dramatic i just read it over and it sounded sappy

Here's my response: 

Go ahead. Smoke. Your dad can't be wrong, right? Inhaling the smoke from a combustion reaction can't possibly be bad, right?

Well, ok, you know it's bad -- you've seen the pictures. But like, that only happens to people who get addicted, who chain smoke. You're better than that, you have more willpower than them. You'll just use the pack so you have something to do while you're waiting for the subway, or walking around with friends, or feeling particularly thoughtful on the porch with some coffee early Saturday morning after a sick night out with your bros. A fun occasional hobby.

You won't get addicted, of course not. And you'll know it if you do, right? You'll see it coming, and you'll stop smoking. Easy. Done. Only a pack per week.

Well, hmm. Maybe it's not so bad to let yourself get addicted. And you'll GET to smoke! And smoking is fucking cool. People will be impressed that it doesn't affect you, you'll still be just as healthy as always. Hell, smoke a cigarette after you exercise, just for show.

You're not going to be a disgusting pack-a-day smoker, fuck that. You'll just smoke one before and after school, after dinner, and maybe one for goodnight. Three a day, five a day. Doesn't really matter, not much harm done. Obviously you'll just kick the habit once and for all, as soon as you're done with it, as soon as you start coughing or smoking more than 10 a day. 

Yeah, that's it. You'll smoke 10 a day. That's your number. Literally half as bad as those pack-a-day smokers! Maybe you'll go out drinking and kill a pack with your friends in a night, but you'll split the cost. They're not THAT expensive. You're choosing to spend the money on them, it's not like food where you HAVE to.

Ah, fuck, but you killed 2 packs in just one weekend. That's not the best... but you were out with your friends, it was worth it, it won't happen all the time. But maybe you should cut down. Yeah, you'll just get it back down to 5 a day, or even less. Sounds easy.

Eh... you don't have to cut down... you don't have to stick with that goal. I mean you're STILL not a pack-a-day smoker, technically, well I mean some days you go through most of a pack. But you're young, you have your whole life to be a non-smoker, you might as well take ADVANTAGE of being able to smoke NOW! Fuck it! You still love smoking anyway, all your coolest friends are smoking.

Wait wait wait shit shit shit, you said you'd quit as soon as you were addicted, then you started smoking 10 a day, now you're going through packs like crazy, some people don't hang out with you because you smoke, they judge you, they don't like how you smell, you don't have as much energy anymore, you feel uncomfortable and bad when you drink and don't smoke, when you don't smoke after eating, when your friends are smoking and you just finished your pack, when you finish doing something really productive, when you feel bored, antsy, when you don't want to do anything else, when someone lets you down, when you get rejected, fuck you really need to quit now, WHAT THE FUCK IS WRONG WITH YOU.

Wait. OK. This is the moment you were talking about in the beginning, yeah, now you just kick it completely, no harm no foul. Phew. You avoided addiction. No more packs, you'll be fine, you're done completely. Just finish out this pack and then poof, it's like it never happened.

And then... you either pick up another pack from 7/11, or you go the next several weeks wanting to smoke all the god damn time. Ugh, but you have all this work to do, balancing school and a part-time job... this is a really bad time to quit, you shouldn't have done this, now your stress levels are unhealthy. You NEED another pack, it gives you energy, it makes you productive. You feel weird around your friends now, smoking makes you feel like yourself again.

You will rinse and repeat that last paragraph any number of times until you either:

(A) Deal with the hard, shitty fact that, after the first few shittiest-weeks-of-your-entire-life, for the rest of your remaining life there will be a small part of you that still thinks smoking's "nice," a small part of you that's still addicted. 
(B) Succumb to the void and affix smoking addiction to your identity permanently. Because you thought you wouldn't get addicted. And you were wrong.

Oops. 

So yeah. Go buy a pack of cigarettes.

I fucking dare you.