Tomorrow will be Day 1 again … Advice?

I’ve tried to quit smoking eleventy billion times, no lie. I just can’t seem to kick the habit. But now that I’m 31 days off booze, I really want to dedicate the next 30 to stop smoking … FOR REAL. I’m 38 and have been smoking since I was 15. The longest I can go is a week or so until I snap. Obviously drinking was a big part of this. I’ve been smoking a lot this past month to deal with the not drinking, but the last 2 weeks or so have been easier to resist the temptation of alcohol, so I’m hoping the quitting cigs part will be easier this time. (Unfortunately my badge isn't accurate.)

I read The Easy Way to Stop Smoking years ago. I’ve even been hypnotized. Nothing has worked. I do have a copy of The Easy Way for Women to Stop Smoking, but every time I pick it up I lose interest quickly. Does anyone else have another book they might recommend? 

I’m also wondering how you all feel about vaping to quit? I have a vape I use in the evenings, but I’m wondering if it might actually be hindering my progress? Like, maybe I shouldn’t be smoking anything at all? (Note: I do, however, smoke weed; it doesn’t trigger my cravings for cigs.) I recently had fairly good luck with vaping and chewing nicotine gum until I had a moment of weakness and bought a pack before a concert. Should I still combine the two? Or maybe I should just stick with the gum? 

Part of my recovery from drinking has involved visiting /r/stopdrinking every evening, and sometimes during the day, to read about other people’s struggles. Since that has helped so much, I’m guessing I should commit to spending an equal amount of time here. 

It’s just so hard with the easy availability of smokes! I can go to the store whenever I want to buy them. I can bum one from someone when I’m out walking. My roommate often has cigs, but he says he’s quitting, so hopefully that will help. 

I’m looking forward to meeting you fine folks! Any ideas on the best way to truly quit for real will be appreciated. Thanks!