I don't want to quit, yet here I am.

I have no real problems with willpower. I've stopped drinking a year ago and never looked back. I cut junk food from my life and I've been losing weight like I did not know was possible. (I do have low expectations though.) 

So the next logical step would be dropping smoking, but the thing is... I don't want to. That being said the only thing left for me is to make the reader even more mad. So here is a list of reasons I do not feel like quitting. I understand that they are all false and imaginary, but they all seem pretty real to me. 

1) There have been times when cigarettes are my only friends. Hungry, alone and lost. But as long as I had my cigarettes, all wasn't lost.  And even if the situation was desperate, I made it mine. I owned the situation by having a cigarette. That was the only thing I had in control. The uncontrollable addiction.

2) That is my time of being alone. My five minutes in the morning, my five minutes in the evening. I don't drink coffee, I do not drink tee. It would be rather strange for me to just go out in the evening and stand there for five minutes. 

3) It is a thing that helps me sleep. Maybe it doesn't do anything more than just being a glorified ritual, but it does help. And hey, if I'm still awake after 2 hours, I just smoke another one! Works without fail! I've always had problems with sleeping and that is why I picked up my first cigarette at 14. I smoked one felt dizzy and almost passed out. What is a sick reaction to some was a great idea for me.

4) I love doing it, plain and simple. I love smoking in the winter nights, in summer mornings, in the city next to a bar and in the countryside while working at a field. For me it is like a smile or a good joke that improves every situation. 

So, obviously, I know I am wrong. I've dropped smoking a few times to show that I am not addicted to the drug. I can do 2 weeks without a single problem. But I always pick it up again when seasons change, because I always want that "rain cigarette", "autumn cigarette" or "quiet evening cigarette". 

^^Send ^^help.