A pact with the devil - writing my Story off my chest

I just want to share my story. I just want it off my chest... Trigger warning, please take care.

It is impressive how much this drug has control over me.

I have started smoking about two years ago, at the age of 25, more or less just to try it out, and I liked it. I ended up smoking anywhere between 5 and 10 cigs a day.

I've had depressions for great parts of my life, long before I smoked. I've seeked out therapy, but the system clearly showed me that it does not have time for me, nor does it care that I have been self-harming and putting my family/work at risk. I told them exactly these things, even to life human beings,doctors, right in front of me, who were supposed to help me, and still I got nothing but rejection. "Doesn't sound that bad", they said. To this day I am not over this. Noone cared. Everyone has enough to do already. If you don't threaten to kill yourself, and additionally at least attempt it once, noone will take you seriously. However, After I started smoking, I realised that I could control my depression-related outbreaks much better. Instead of smashing my head against a concrete wall until it bleeded, causing me to get dizzy for several days, causing big dents in my head that I had to explain to friends, family and co-workers, startling my wife and making her cry because she could not handle the situation, I could instead light up a cigarette, and feel better. Cigarettes helped me calm down. In the five minutes of smoking, I concentrated on nothing but myself and the cigarette. It kind of felt like the Cigarette was there to calm me down. When everyone seemed to abandon me, ignore my cries for help, giving half-hearted attempts to help me at best, or being too busy with themselves (for justified reasons or not), cigarettes were kind of there. Light them up, inhale, lean back, exhale, and enjoy the slightly alleviate feeling they gave me.

And this was only one of the reasons why I liked it. I also liked the ritual, the taste, the smell, that it gave me time with myself, "alone-time" so to speak... It had so many aspects that I enjoyed. I know it was unhealthy. But the alternates, the self-harm, the stress, it was also unhealthy. After 2 years of smoking, I had achieved more than I ever could in my life before. I had completely stopped selfharming, and I was feeling good about that. In consequence, my relationship got better, and I married my wife. By smoking, I chose to have some life quality now, and just live without thinking too much about the consequeces, because the alternate was a life full of depression, self-inflicted wounds, and social stigma. I made a trade with the devil, well knowing what I was in for, and what it was that I had to pay.

But Trades with Devils never work out. My wife was a smoker herself, but she stopped some time ago. She had a tooth operation, and after that she was not allowed to smoke. She did anyway, which resulted in immense pain that lasted for days. After the pain finally stopped, she had no problem quitting at all. It took only a few weeks until she approached me. She talked about that she does not like the smell of smoke anymore. That i should think about the future, both from a health and a finance point of view. She mentioned kids. I always wanted to have kids. I would put an end to smoking, in order to set the basis for a long, wealthy, healthy and happy future.

But only after a day, I was kindly reminded that I sold my soul. I could hardly handle the withdrawel. I craved it. I needed it. My body told me so. The desire to smoke causes an odd feeling in my chest, as if it was filled with something thick. And that feeling kept saying "you know what to do if you want me to go away". I started to remember how smoking helped me to get the impression of having my life under control, which is not as good as actual control, but still better than what I used to feel. Everything in my body tried to justify that smoking was actually a good idea right now.

I found the subreddit, and read your stories. I read how many of you are in situations that they did not want to be in. It kind of motivated me at that point. I've read about people who just stopped smoking. I have seen people going a week, a month, a year. I was happy for others, I was trying to encourage people who stopped around the same time. I stayed smoke-free that day.

Yesterday was different. The Morning started, craving-free. I was so happy, so genuinely happy... I read that the major craving stopped after only 2 days for some people. And I thought "maybe for once I am lucky, maybe I am one of those. I only smoked for 2 years. Maybe it was not too late after all".

4 hours into the day, and I felt devastated. The cravings were back, more intense than they were before. After work I hurried home, but I managed not to buy cigarettes. I told my wife how I feel, and that I stayed strong. She was proud, it made me happy. I decided to play some games with my friends, online, in order to distract myself.

We played until late. At 11, my wife went to bed, but I stayed awake. The cravings did not go away, but I didnt have any tobacco in my house, nor did I have any cash. I felt tortured, but safe. Until I opened the drawer of my desk.

I used to roll my own cigarettes, months ago. And I used to do it on the desk while playing. When there was scrap, I occasionally just wiped it away and let it drop in the drawer. There it was. The herb that would fix all my problems. "Go Julian", the devil says. "Look at all these leftovers... That's enough for a cigarette. You have paper, you have filters, and there right in front of your eyes is the last ingredient that you need for happyness. What are you waiting for?". And i just watched. I don't feel like I had any control at this point. As if i was watching a cutscene. My hands moved by themselces, gathering the months old scrap. Disgusting. Leftovers of litter, even some plastic, were in the mix, and I half-heartedly tried to pull them out. It was enough tobacco for half a cigarette. It was old and dirty and filthy. My hands rolled it up nontheless. I rolled it up, licked the paper to make it sticky, added the filter. "I'm AFK real quick, guys." I said that into the headset without even wanting to. I put it aside without waiting for an answer. I went to the balcony, in my hands the worst and most disgusting cigarette I ever made. 

I set down on the balcony, and put the cigarette between my lips. I still had four lighters out there. I picked the one at random. It was the black one, with a red-and-orange writing on it. "LOVE". But I didn't really pay attention to it yet. I lit up the Lighter, and shortly before the flame reached the cigarette, I realized which one I picked. I hesitated, my eyes fixed on the lighter. LOVE. Suddenly, everything came back to me. My wife, asking me to stop. The future we painted together. Kids, health, independence... Oh, how I wished for all these things. I thought about how she was proud of me today. How she sticked with me in the tough times when the depression devastated me, but was always patient enough to not leave me. How she stayed by my side when things got better, how we married, how beautiful she looked in that dress.

The Devil took my hand. "No", he said. "That won't work. We have a deal." He moved it, closer to the cigarette. He lit it. Then he pushed on my chest and made me inhale the fume. Then he was gone. Everything was done. The Craving. The feeling in my chest. The control of the Devil. The thoughts of my wife. And I tasted the worst cigarette I had ever tasted, yet so sweet it felt. And as I inhaled a second time, I started crying, and I never felt so disgusted by myself.

There is no happy end when it comes to Tobacco. Even when you think it gives you something, it actually takes away from you.

I failed, but I will not give up. I will start over again. I will search and find a way out of this prison. Maybe not yesterday, maybe not even today, not tomorrow, but eventually I will. And I will never stop fighting until i reached my goal.

Thank you for reading.