Stopped smoking today, I wanna talk about it

Hello guys,

first of all, this is my first reddit-post ever. What i'm willing to do is maybe forbidden (talking about the whole journey), if so, please let me know and i stop doing it. Furthermore i want to let you know, that english isn't my mother tongue, actually i am from Germany, so i you find some mistake, you can keep it :). 

So a few details about my past. I started smoking at the age of 16. Now i am 23, so my "career" lasted around seven years. At first - i guess, many smoker started like this - i smoke with a few friends only very few cigarettes per day or even week, cannot remember exactly. 
The very first cigarette was absolutely horrible. I got a huge headache and i tasted terrible. Actually, this could have been a warning sign, but as you know, I kept on. 
After finishing school back in 2013, i went to the army, where smoking a cigarette was such a beautiful event. It meant, that we had either a short break from been pushed around or we were finished for the day. 
After around 12 months, I started a - I don't know how it is called anywhere else - "dual study". Basically I studied at an university and at the same time I was employed in a company. Maybe you know this, maybe not - doesn't really matter actually. 
Well at the start of this education, I told somebody - I can't even remember who it was - that I will stop smoking as soon as the study is over and i got my graduation. 

This was it guys, my apprenticeship with the company ended yesterday. Today was the first official day of my working life, so right now, I'm doing, what I announced three and a half year ago. 

Until today, I told nearly everybody I know just a bit, that I stop smoking at 15.03.2018. This will be my strategy to keep up my purpose, even if it will be hard AND it will be very hard. BUT my ego and my proud is definitively bigger than the addiction to cigarettes. I would loose my face (don't know if this is a common phrase outside Germany) if i had to admit, that I can't handle it.

Finally, the first day was easier than i actually thought. Until yesterday, a smoked around 10-15 cigarettes per day, so the desire to smoke was present the whole day. BUT within the first 24 hours I could resist pretty easily. Maybe because I  was so extremely focussed on this single day, I don't know. 

By far the hardest part of this all is to resist the craving to smoke a cigarette while drinking my beloved coffee. This was the biggest habit i had, drink a coffee and smoke one. 

Well I guess, this was everything so far. Maybe I will come back tomorrow and talk about the next day. 