One year, all thanks to this sub!

My first post on this sub was made 365 days, 21 hours, 22 minutes ago (as of writing this post) my first post is [HERE](https://www.reddit.com/r/stopsmoking/comments/2yep77/the_day_has_come/)

 

Humans are an adaptable species. We're not at the top of the food chain because of our strength or our intellect, but because we're adaptable and we can CHANGE - it's in our very evolutionary nature to possess this trait. Countless times we as a species have shown this great adaptability to new things, to new environments, to new schedules. 

 

For me, this change I took upon myself for the sole purpose of quitting an addictive substance that I didn't need in my life, I wasn't prepared to let something ruin my integrity. 

 

Quitting smoking was probably the single best thing I have ever done in my entire (abeit short) life. Quitting smoking was a journey with plenty of downs (and many ups!) - and I strongly believe that all good things require hard effort to obtain. 

 

Jeez, I remember my first time viewing this sub seeing people with 3 and 5 day badges and then seeing people with 1, hell even 2 year badges! and I thought to myself "I doubt this will ever happen, you're not strong enough!" I pushed and pushed, and pushed, every day not smoking was a day the claws of nicotine lost their vicious grip. 

 

The claws of nicotine have left wounds that have taken months of careful healing to close. But want to know the best thing? Quitting does come to an end, after a while you adjust, you adapt, you forget you ever were a smoker. 

 

I waited for this day for what seemingly felt like years. I wanted to find peace, solace, harmony, tranquility and thanks to this community, I have found it. 

 

While here I'd like to address a very serious issue that doesn't get discussed a lot around here. A large percentage of smokers use tobacco (unknowingly) to mask psychiatric and mental disorders, this is very prevalent among smokers and particularly among those who have been smoking for over 5 years. If you are considering quitting smoking and noticing symptoms of a mental disorder, see a doctor. Nicotine has been proven to be an effective suppression "medication" against an array of psychiatric disorders, suppressing them for seemingly forever at the cost of your general health. There's plenty of medical journals and articles to back this up, including an article the CDC released in early 2016. 

 

Another issue I wanted to discuss is weight gain. I'm a 19 year old male that quit smoking and I gained 25kg (55 pounds) this might sound horrifying to some of you but I ate a lot (and I mean a loooooot!) of food. After quitting smoking and getting my life in order, I started to exercise, Implemented new and good habits in my life and nearly lost all that weight now. Don't worry about weight loss, it's only temporary! 

 

Thank you /r/stopsmoking - the community, the mods, everyone here  is having an impact on peoples life's - you deserve a round of applause and may life ever so treat you well. 