Diet to stop smoking

Some reasons of inability to beat addiction could be fixed with a diet. These include stress, anxiety, depression, addiction, inflammation.

Therefore it is important to fix deficiencies if they exist and cause mental issue. Some nutrients can be consumed in higher than RDA amounts, and their value can be maximized.

Almost any nutrient deficiency (sometimes excessiveness) can cause mental issues. Also it's important to consume anti-inflammatory foods, probiotics, balance your blood glucose levels, avoid junk diet, avoid other drugs and stimulants like caffeine (which can increase anxiety).

When you find nutritional cause or cure for your mental issue, you should keep that as part of your diet. This nutrient could have been a cause why you started and/or keeped smoking.

Some nutrients that worked for me and worth mentioning in my opinion:

Vitamin C can lower stress and balance cortisol. Upper intake limit is usually 2000mg (RDA is 90mg). Consume a lot of bell peppers, kiwis, citrus fruits, guavas. Vitamin C from supplements are absorbed only 20%, except liposomal vitamin C.

Omega-3 (specifically EPA &amp; DHA which are found in marine products). It is anti-inflammatory, helps against depression and bipolar disorder, improves brain function, reduces stress.

Omega-3 is the most abundant fat in the brain.\*

Best sources are bottled fish oil and cod liver. It also contains vitamin D which reduces depression and improves cognition. Even though RDA ranges for omega-3 are 1-4g, higher dosage can be beneficial (I've been consuming cod liver can, about 12 grams of omega-3.

Lecithin is second most abundant fat in the brain.\* It contains choline which is converted to acetylcholine, which is responsible for arousal, attention, memory and motivation. Best sources are sunflower seeds, eggs, soy.

Magnesium reduces anxiety, relaxes muscles and nervous system. Best sources are rice brain, hemp seeds, pumpkin seeds, flaxseed, unhulled or black sesame seeds, chia seeds, brazil nuts, cashews, almonds, sunflower seeds, beans.

Most nutrients can improve mental state, for example B vitamins, vitamin D, vitamin E, water, selenium, iron, calcium, zinc, etc.

What are your most helpful nutrients, foods or herbs?