I quit, relapsed, now I'm back. Struggling.

Hey everyone! I just want to say how proud I am of everybody here.  When I quit for a month and 2 days, this reddit helped me so much for support.  You're all super awesome and I appreciate all the people helping eachother through the struggle for our lives.

I'm an idiot! I fell into the trap of being smoke free for a month and 2 days.  I thought I had kicked it until a really stressful time happened, and my smoker brain was like "you did it once, you can do it again.  You need me right now.  Go ahead and smoke. Nothing matters anyway."

I've struggled with depression for 15 years. I have been diagnose with major depression, anxiety, ptsd, and ocd.  So smoking is a very attractive thing when my mood and emotions are unstable.  I try very hard to be stable in my feelings, but it's not always effective.  When I have high stress, it feels like nothing matters anyway.  I struggle to be optimistic, be positive, and be grateful.  It's very hard, especially having a complicated medical situation.  I have been working hard through cognitive behavioral therapy and antidepressants the past 3 years.  So, in addition to all of this, when a problem arises, I go back to not really caring about myself and my life, let alone quitting smoking.

I've always thought suicide is so damaging and painful to other people, so my policy in life is if a person wants to kill themselves, they might as well do drugs or drink instead of killing themselves.  It's not an ideal solution, but having worked with suicidal patients firsthand, I am seeing that in America there is no real help for these people.  It's a bandaid.  Which is extremely disheartening for my own situation.  I have seen that there is no real help for people in emergency situations of suicidal ideation, other than to lock them up in the hospital and send them away for follow up counseling.  Then, since counselors are mandatory reporters, the process repeats, so one cannot really talk about their true feelings without getting put on a mental health hold and locked up for 72 hours.

I know this isn't a mental health forum, but anyone who struggles with similar issues and cigarette addiction, I would love your feedback on how you cope with life changing events and stress. It would be appreciated greatly.  

I've read Allen Carr's Easy way to stop smoking.  Despite that i broke 2 rules: no nicotine replacements, and of course not one puff ever.  

I have found that quitting cold turkey is too intense for my emotional state. It's not an excuse, it's just that I've had only short lived successes with this method...4 days, 3 days. Whereas i vaped about 3 weeks, before switching to patches and gum, then going nic free. Vaping has helped me not smoke for longer periods...2 weeks, 3 weeks.  So, currently I am vaping to assist my smoke free endeavor.

I am 1 day and 12.5 hrs smoke free.  I couldn't sleep, keep dreaming about smoking, and woke up wanting one so bad, so I came here.

I know it gets easier, but i fear my own future reactions to smoking.  

On a positive note, my mom is quitting with me! I'm so proud of her!
Any advice/thoughts? Thank you.