I don't want to quit, but I have to quit for work. I've failed 3 times in the last 3 weeks to make it one day smoke free. Help!

In a few weeks I'm starting a great seasonal job in a national park on a 12 week contract. The only downside is it is STRICTLY smoke free - no sneaky cigs, no vapes, no nothing. No big deal, I thought, I can just not smoke. 

Oh how wrong I was. The June 1st deadline is looming and, after 10 years of puffing away, I can't go 24 hours without a cigarette.

In the last 3 weeks I've tried to have my Day One three times, and each time I've been a mess by the end of the day and broken it. I'm self employed in a creative field, and not being able to smoke is absolutely killing me. Each time I've tried my productivity has been nearly nothing. I've got no concentration, can't focus, and my brain will not function. I have no guaranteed income, if I don't work I don't get paid and I can't pay bills. This then pushes me even further behind deadlines, and raises stress, and it becomes a vicious cycle. 

I read Allen Carr's book (phenomenal read, even if you don't follow it he articulates so much of your smoking behavior you might not have notices before) and realized something -- I don't actually want to quit, I have to. 

I've undergone some major lifestyle changes in my time. I've radically altered my diet to lose a ton of weight and massively cut down my alcohol intake. I still get random thoughts like "It's a sunny morning, you should get drunk" or "you didn't eat much today, you should eat an entire KFC bucket" but I don't give them any more attention than randomly thinking "I should buy a boat." 

The difference with those things, though, is I had that "Holy fucking shitsnacks, I need to do something about this" and really, truly, viscerally, wanted to do something about them. So I did. I just can't get that feeling with smoking, because I still enjoy it. Or if not that, I at least don't want to quit. 

Any advice for quitting when you really don't want to? After reading Allen Carr's EasyWay I'm very, very put off using NRT but perhaps I don't have any options left? 

**TL;DR:** I have to quit for a seasonal job, but keep falling at the first hurdle. I would not otherwise even think about quitting. While trying to quit, my regular job majorly suffers, and as I'm self employed I can't afford the drop in productivity. It's all a giant stress circle -- the fear of going through this withdrawl I'm feeling while on the job, the fear of falling behind work I've got due now, fear of this fun job being ruined as I count down each of the 3 day spells I'm in the park minute-by-minute and I can smoke -- and I'm out of ideas. Please, please, help me!