Smokers: Take The Chance of Every Cold or Influenza. 4 Tips for Quitting.

I stopped smoking two weeks ago, after getting ill with 39° C (102°F). Of course I didn't craved the days that I was really sick. positive effect: The nicotine is washed out your body after 48 hours — so cold turkey also comes to an end after that — the rest of the struggle is really all in your mind. 

I decided to make a few things right this time, and so far — after 20 years — I don't feel that I will ever start again no matter what, and it does not even hurt, it's fun:

1. I am not telling me that I am quitting smoking. In fact I already did, like you do after every cigarette. I am just taking care of me now, to not start with it again. 

Things of taking care:

2. I don't make it a bigger thing than it is. The more effort you bring in with preparations, books, etc., the more this whole quitting thing will grow in your mind. Don't let it grow in your mind. It is much easier if you see it as what it really is: A small thing. you are bigger than that. Just leave something. Just don't care. Don't see it as an effort, but more as a form of non-assistance.

3. Enjoy your cravings. Your body want to tell you something: It says — thank you, at this moment I am getting another wave of toxic waste out of me — that's why you feel what you feel. See it as your personal muscle aches that can make you feel proud. 

4. I keep my new REAL superpowers in mind: My cells are filled with oxygen again, my lung function is about to increase about 33%, my senses of tasting and smelling are simply exploding. 

5. Pick the first party you can go to, drink alcohol and watch yourself handling the situation. The sooner you will face the most dangerous situation, the better it is for you to get used to it. I've been there this weekend. I was afraid but really, it was — nothing. I had to admit to my friends how boring it is to be at a party without smoking. I said this a few times and then it disappeared. Next day you will see, your hangover is 80% less bad than you expected, because oxygen. 

I hope these tips can get you on the right track, and I hope that I can post in a year or a few month that I am still a non-smoker. But I really can't see a reason why not. It is too beneficial, fun and important :)