9 Months Smoke Free - Words of encouragement.

Today, according to my "StopSmoking" app, is my 9th month anniversary of quitting smoking.  While, I'm not going to lie to you and say that it's been easy... It is by far the best decision I have ever made for myself.

I was a smoker of at least a pack a day of cigarettes for 10 years.  I loved my cigarettes.  They tasted good, they smelled good, they made me feel good.  I felt they were the one thing I had in life that was my own vice that no one could steal from me.  It was a very unhealthy way of thinking.

I remember waking up, coughing, my lungs hurting every morning.  When you endure this day after day after day, it becomes "normal" to you.  It's part of your daily routine.  Get up, cough it all up... "I need my morning cigarette to help me breathe."  Because, let's face it... You always breathe better after that wonderful first cigarette.  It's a strange method of thinking but it's the way it is.  We literally talk ourselves into believing we need those cigarettes for every task we do.

One night, out of nowhere in the middle of a pack, I quit.  It was about 10 PM.  That morning, I had no idea that I was going to smoke my last cigarette that night.  I had tried quitting before, but I had failed.  I never made it past 24 hours.  This time was going to be different.  I didn't like my way of thinking anymore.  It made me upset to worry about how I'm going to get the money to buy more... How I've tortured myself standing in the rain/snow/wind/sleet to enjoy that cigarette.  

So I quit.  I went through hell the first week.  It slowly got better.  Some days were worse than others.  You can read about my journey in more detail in my early post history.  I am proud of what I've accomplished and I know that you can do it too.

What's different today?  I can sing songs I never had enough air for.  I can jog now.  I rarely cough anymore.  Very very rarely.  I never wake up with my lungs filled with stuff.  While I'm sure there was some damage done to my lungs, to be honest it feels that they've fully healed.  Moreover my average pulse rate dropped and my blood pressure dropped.  My bank account also has substantially grown.

I promise you.  You will feel like hell and it won't be fun... but you will be so proud of yourself and every single day when you wake up and take that deep breath, you'll know just how perfect of a decision it was to quit.

You all can do this.  People make it seem harder than it is.  It's only hard for the first week or so.  After that, it gets easier and easier.  I wish you all the best of luck and never quit quitting.