365 Days 

Ladies and Gentleman:

After day 1, I cried. I spent a decade smoking cigarettes incessantly, and I had resigned myself to always being a smoker. After this day, though -- after my first 24 hours without cigarettes, I *knew* I would never touch the things again. It was my greatest accomplishment, period. 

After week 1, I got irritable. I could only stuff myself full of food so much before even that made me feel sick. I was just antsy and fidgety and ready to burst. So, I focused this energy into exercise and creative thought. It was hard at first, but just like a good training program will teach a student a habit of proper form, I taught myself to channel cravings/extra energy into positive emotions and resolved to make myself a better man. 

After month 1, I was sad. I couldn't deal with the roller coaster of emotions I was going through. Everything I felt was amplified...a rainy day was as good as depression and bumping elbows on the bus was a declaration of war. I didn't know what to do in certain situations and I just felt lost not having someone be my anchor. In general, I spent the last 8 months or so just kind of being melancholy and unable to address the new current of emotions. And, while I still am a bit of a hardened shell, I do feel better about myself for understanding how I need to better cope things that are detrimental to my happiness. 

After year 1? Well, hell...I guess I can do anything.

Thank you, /r/stopsmoking for the encouragement you provided me in the dark days that were the first couple of weeks. It brought me great comfort to know that everyone has been there before and you all honestly convinced me to give it the real-deal college try. I had try to quit at least 10 times before and it never stuck, but coming here and seeing people suffer and overcome the same issues I had really changed my perspective. I if you bastards could do it, so could I. Thank you so much. I hate to get corny on all you strangers, but I owe you my health, my life and my self esteem. 

My key to success? I don't know, really. I kept drinking alcohol, I kept drinking coffee, worked 2 jobs, finished 2 semester of college on Dean's List, wallowed in self-misery and generally put myself through the ringer, both mentally and physically, all on a cold-turkey kick. I think my simple answer, though, is disappointment. I knew I could do better, and if I didn't quit smoking I would only be failing myself. So, after Day One, one thing became clear to me: always do better. 


