I had a sudden realization about addiction. I wanted to share it with the Reddit community.

Today I had an epiphany...of sorts.  In my situation, It relates to my addiction with cigarettes.

Everyone gets told that the first week of quitting is hard and you need the willpower to stop smoking cigarettes.
This is all understandable and true! I went a year without buying a pack, believing I was finally off the cancer sticks.
However I would continuously bum them off my friends and from the smoking sections of parties and concerts here and there. The same excitement and need would arise when the smell and sight of a cigarette came about.


During a stressful and tough semester in college, I had a couple financial accounting partners who would smoke (If anyone has taken accounting, they can probably sympathize haha).  Within a week my one year streak was over.
I thought to myself "Oh this is just temporary, if you had the ability to quit once before, you can do it again".

A year goes by since then and my nicotine intake only rose.
The same withdrawals came, the same need and yearn seeped back into my very being. I felt awful and ashamed. I hid this fact away from my girlfriend.
It was always the idea, "someday I'll find the reason to quit forever!"

In Feb. 2014 I caught a nasty chest infection that spurred up an asthmatic attack. Laying in bed barely being able to breathe and wheezing I thought "this is my reason to quit".

It was only until I started recovering did I feel the urges again. I hated myself after feeling so determined just a week before gasping for air.

Then I realized something while driving home from school:
Finding a reason and having the will power to quit WHILE suppressing your craving for that addiction for the rest of your life is almost like winning the lottery.

I always believed after you quit, the addiction, the want, the lust would dissipate. Poof! Just like that.
I realized that the addiction never truly leaves.  I will always think about a cigarette now when I get stressed out, I'll always want to smoke one at a party or at a show or at the side of the parking lot at school to talk to fellow classmates.  I never realized the actual extent of "truly" quitting.  It may become a life-long endeavor.
Alcoholics can put down the bottle for 5 years-maybe even 40-and relapse and commence like they never stopped.  This goes for any addiction.

You need willpower, yes, but you may need that same willpower for the rest of your life.

The first week of quitting is hard, very true, but so might be the rest of your life.

This doesn't apply to everyone. I personally have a very addictive personality.
This is not a method to quit an addiction.  It is a different view point when contemplating quitting.

I wanted to share my thoughts with somebody.  Please let me know your thoughts and opinions about this or if you feel the same way!

TIL:  Be wary with an activity or something that you might find yourself being addicted to- the consequences and the effects may actually never leave.
