6 Months smoke free, I still think about it. Every. Damn. Day.

TL;DR -- A long, rambling, blunt, and somewhat tipsy view of what quitting was like for me. Shit sucks, but eventually you don't think much about it, which is a small consolation. 

I quit under just about the most banal situation I could have ever thought I would. I moved into a my first apartment without roommates, only my SO. I learned belatedly that our new porch(3rd floor) was shared with the middle aged woman next door. As it turned out, she always kept her back door open to let the air in. For as long as I remember, I've always been fairly ashamed of being a smoker, as much because my family are all quitters, but also because I live in Massachusetts, where you either don't give a shit, or you're brutally judged for being a smoker. I spent 8 years learning to hide my smoking. 

I already had started wearing a patch to work as I had found a new job and didn't want to jeopardize my position there. And I found myself feeling guilty for blowing smoke into this poor woman's house. So I started wearing patches full time. A couple things I didn't realize beforehand:

Smoking makes you regular as hell. My first week on patches, I was BRUTALLY constipated(oats, chia seeds, and bananas for breakfast. I swear by them)

There is a feeling. It sits just on the tip of my tongue, maybe half an inch back from the tip. It's a vague itch. The exact same pang as the "I'm not hungry, but I want to eat". This feeling will never go away, at least it hasn't for me. Maybe this isn't for everyone, but I recommend you understand that this is the underpinning feeling of your life. Really bitter coffee sometimes scratches this itch, but you will end up drinking 10 cups of it.

Finally, you will never quit until you understand that quitting means that you will never. Never. Have a cigarette again. 

Once you get used to life without constant breaks, built in emotional support, a consistent social crutch, and a go-to satisfier. Its actually pretty easy. Mostly, you just forget what it's like. 

Fortunately, after 6 months smoke free, I can finally take a semi-regular crap, curb my coffee down to a mere 24oz a day, and most importantly, finally I can comfortably drink scotch again. Just in time for Burn's Night. 

Cheers to all us poor fuckers that just had to tangle with nicotine, she's a needy bitch that just won't leave you be. Even now, 183 days later, I think about everything she has to offer. So look her in the eye, declare "never again", and find yourself a damn good crutch. 