Im free.

So the year 2016 was tragic for me. I lost my job, failed my school, regretted almost every choice I've made. 

Throughout the whole year I would lie to myself that 'tomorrow' I'd finally get my shit together and start working out, going to sleep early, eat well and most importantly - quit smoking. My self confidence was extremely low just because of cigarettes, as my breath literally smelled like shit, my teeth were disgustingly yellow and my tongue was fucking dark brown. Id sit in a bus and people sitting 5m next to me would look around and ask who farted. I was so stressed about it that i would have panic attacks and the only way to stop thinking about it was somking, whether it was weed or cigarettes. I was a mess. I would pray to God to help me as I couldnt take it anymore and I was seriously considering taking my life because of it. 

See, i didnt have many friends, now that i think of it, i really actually didnt have any except my brother whom id see once a week (he moved to his gf and id instantly start missing him) and my mom (who stayed back in my home country). My dad wouldnt believe me when i said im having huge problems, he would ignore me. He didnt do shit even when i ate a whole bottle of some pills and got so sick that my face turned green (he said im faking feeling ill so i can skip school). Only people id meet would be people who werent even close to being friends, i would get bullied, angry, mad and frustrated each time id see them but i guess i just needed someone. If it wasnt for them i honestly dont know how it all woulve turned out. I guess burning those bridges taught me that im actually able to be in control of something. It still wasnt enough though.

I decided to visit my mom  for christmas 2016. I boosted league of legends accounts for money and managed to collect $1,500 for the travel. It was enough for all my expenses there, including the dentist appointments.

Fast forward to the moment right after the last one of those was over. Im looking in the mirror, smiling. Tears run into my eyes. Im finally back.

The year 2017 is going to be the year which all my fears are dead and all my wishes come true. Im sure of it. I wake up in January 1st. Eat my breakfast, drink tea then slowly and precisely thread and brush my teeth. I head to the living room and look for smokes. Cant find any.

"Mom did you buy cigarettes?"

"Why do you need them?" 

Suddenly I realize.
Nothing holds me. Im in full control. Life is beautiful, people are great. I dont even know what the fuck smoking is. I cant remember why and if I even used to smoke. I dont need it.

During the travel back to where i live now im feeling extremely bored. Its a 9 hour sail. I drink a couple of beers. I used to travel like this a lot. Best time killer was always a smoke on the deck. I go out with a person i traveled with. He offers me a smoke. I dont refuse. I still feel the buzx and taste of beer in my mouth. I need to cover it up with a smoke. Just like i always used to do. I take a puff and instantly feel shitty about myself. As if i betrayed my own consciousness. As if i did this agaisnt my own will. My free will. I will not ever smoke again. 

Im laughing at how fast the urge to smoke is obliterated each time it appears. After breakfast, after dinner, on the bus stop. I inhale the air with hapiness.

Im free.