One year! I didn’t write the exact date..

I don’t know when in May but it was definitely in May when I decided to quit. l will write out how it’s gone so far: 


I am 32 now and started smoking occasionally in 4th grade (bad I know) and then daily in high school. Pack a day at 18 and up until last year at 31 years. 
Last May I decided to quit smoking so I could have a baby and be healthy.


First two weeks were hell and I set my goal: I’ll quit smoking and if I do I’ll get myself a new vehicle that’s smoke free so I’ll have something to drive a baby in safely :)! 
I use nicotine gum the first week a few times and then ditched the gym week two. 


Week three I got the smokers flu and it last about 1.5-2 ish weeks. It was so bad it’s what truly made me say okay F this, this feeling will go away and I am never ever smoking again! Ugh! And I didn’t for a long while. Then I did get pregnant (yay) and I ended up gravely Injuring my hand with 2nd and 3rd degree burns. They could not help me much as I was pregnant! So I did break down and smoke a half a cigarette when I got back from hospital. But couldn’t finish it, though it did calm me down (I was hysterical from pain.) 


Then I went on to stay quit and have been since that half a cigarette. I bought that new suv, and I had my very healthy baby this year and I am so so thankful to be a mom who doesn’t smoke and is healthy. My mom and grandma both ares still smokers so I am glad to have stopped the cycle. 


And yes I told my doctor all of this and he’s proud I quit too and the baby is great. Anyhow. Yep. Not a glamorous story and being an addict isn’t pretty I feel very ashamed as a mom that I ever smoked period. I also am now in therapy for my anxiety which is what I was self medicating all along from a traumatic life when I was young and around violence very often. 


I am so glad I had this subreddit and a FB group I am in as well. You all helped me stay strong as I lurked off and on this year. I will be back again next year to update, I promise it will be all good news sobriety wise.


Also, FU nicotine your lies still pop into my head and I know they’re really lies now, I am carving out my own truths now.