4th time quitting, new approach...

Ok, this is my 4th time try to quit over the course of probably 2 years. In the past, I'm always the first to tell EVERYONE that I'm quitting. I secretly think the positive attention and reinforcement was an endorphin release or something. Whatever it was, I liked feeling like I was doing something special and that people were proud of me for it.

Fuck that. I'm close to 72 hours without a cigarette and I haven't told a soul. I just started a new job and no one there really knows me so I've been able to quit under the radar and no one really cares one way or another. I haven't told any friends and I haven't had time to be around them for them to notice I'm not dipping out once an hour to smoke.

And I gotta tell ya, I FEEL GREAT about all of it. I'm so fucking happy I haven't told a soul that I'm quitting. I believe that my urge to smoke in the past after quitting came from people becoming apathetic to the fact that I was quitting. It is, after all, an unnatural habit. While millions may do it, there are that many more millions of people who don't. It's not a novelty to for me to quit smoking, it's an expectation.

I don't plan on telling anyone except this community here. This community isn't filled with people who don't know what it's like (like my friend group). It's filled with people who can seriously keep me up on my worst days. So far, I feel like I have the damn flu and I'm HAPPY about that. It means my body is purging some serious toxins and I'm on the road to feeling amazing.

The last few weeks of smoking have been hell for me. I haven't felt like a normal person at all. I've felt disgusting and slow and pained. Everytime I lit up, I would notice how chapped my lips were, how dry my throat was and how different parts of my body would ache. I HATED IT. So when I started to feel a chest cold coming on, I smoked the last cigarette in my pack around 8PM on Monday night, got home from work and put the patch on. 

I'm generally dying for a cigarette this time during quitting but not this time. Not after how shitty I feel and knowing that I was doing that to myself. My new job would take $40 out of my paycheck EVERY pay period if I were to keep smoking. There's no way I'm going to let that happen. That's gas for the month. Fuck maintaining a habit that could have such an adverse affect on my health and my wallet.

I'm getting up right now and going for a run. I can't wait to not struggle. I can't wait to feel like I have some control again. I want to lose at least 80 lbs and I think I'm on the right track to making that happen. Here's to a future of health. I refuse to let stress make me cave. I refuse to let any little bump in the road of life make me light up again. I, for once in my life, feel strong enough to handle whatever comes my way without turning to addiction. I owe it to my friends and family to get healthy and stay healthy once and for all.