Whoa. 2 weeks! Where'd you come from?

Alright this is my 4th time making it to 2 weeks and this has been the easiest by far. Do cravings happen? You bet they do but the severity of them is far less than ever before. Every couple of DAYS, I will think about smoking a cigarette. I even dreamt about it last night and you know what? It tasted like shit even in my dream. 

This is the first time I've quit where I didn't have too many people to tell. I've been keeping it from my best friend (surprisingly) for nearly 8 months before I put the patch back on. I was careful to never smoke a few hours before seeing her and I always used gum and body spray. I was so ashamed of myself but I was also dealing with a lot of anxiety that drove me to smoke at work and on drives. I was embarassed and ashamed but I was too chicken shit to quit. I'm glad I don't have to hide anything from her now.

I've mentioned it in passing to other friends of mine who have heard the same "I'm quitting" song and dance before. We didn't hover on the topic for long and they wished me good luck and that was it and you know what? I don't miss the positive reinforcement anymore. I don't need that to be the reason I'm not smoking.

I'm not smoking because I feel better than I have in months (even though I've been getting sick from the giant germ that is my office, the incentive to not smoke has been greater than ever before because I don't want to smoke when I'm sick.) That's not the say that on my healthy days, I've wanted to smoke. Like I said, minimal cravings.

Honestly, I even came clean with my dad about my smoking over the last few years. He and my mom caught me smoking behind the house when I was home visiting from college one time. My God did they light into me about it. They were furious. I promised them I would quit. I promised them I only smoked on occasion and that it wasn't an addiction. I flat out lied to their face. I was a pack a day smoker at the time and would drive to my grandpa's to smoke in his backyard where he didn't care. I was so desperate for cigarettes that I sacrificed time with my then-married parents and used my grandpa's house, a place I love and respect, to do something so disgusting.

Well my dad came across the country last weekend to visit and I told him that I hadn't quit. That I'd tried and succeeded numerous times. The amount of months I've not smoked is probably equal to the amount of months I had. But I told him that in the last 3 years since that incident, I've smoked a lot and it's an addiction and I'm working on it. I told him I was on the patch and that I was taking this process day by day. He was very respectful about the conversation and I apologized for lying to him. He understands what kind of addiction this is. He watched his mom have it. At least I could tell the truth this time.

The fact of the matter is, I'm doing this for myself because I'm tired of being ashamed and disgusted and lazy and blah. I got tired of it. I didn't decide to quit to impress my friends. I didn't decide to quit for my parents. I didn't decide to quit to get positive reinforcement. I decided to quit for ME. For my self-esteem. For my self-confidence. And for my own conscience.