Cold Turkey: 2 weeks today

All I can say is: If you're still thinking about quitting smoking but are unsure about how to do it or are hesitant about it just stop thinking and DO IT. It wont be easy at first but you will be surprised at how short that tough period is in the grand scheme of things, a few days maximum (if you go cold turkey) then you are on the road to freedom in no time.

 Week 2 was much easier than week 1 by far. And the good thing about it is that I can certainly begin to reap noticeable benefits from my decision to quit smoking. I have always tried to keep myself in decent shape even as a smoker by going to the gym and lifting, or playing sports like volley ball or racket ball...but I would never have endurance or stamina for running long distances. usually 0.25 miles would leave me winded. Ever since I've quit smoking I've been able to keep pick up the pace at the gym in terms of strength training but the real surprise is when I decided to go hiking this weekend. I had intended to just walk the trail, but that walk turned into a jog, and that jog turned into a run and I just kept going. It was a nature trail next to a river in the middle of the woods and every so often you would encounter a fallen tree trunk blocking the path, some of them presenting a 3 foot hurdle but I just kept running and jumping them all, nothing could stop me. I waited to get winded and feel that wheezing out of breath panting that I would normally get when I try something like this but eventually my muscles gave in to soreness before my lungs gave did and that was a great feeling. I ran the whole 3.5 mile trail with only 2 stops just to sit and enjoy some of the scenery and give myself a short break. 

 Trust me just quit smoking and stick to it and you will be thanking yourself very soon. Also as for the cravings.....I might get one random weak pathetic little craving a day now which I can easily stop right in it's tracks without breaking a sweat. But in terms of cost/benefit analysis to my decision to quit. The scales are tipped very very heavily in favor quitting. No regrets here. 