Cold Turkey: Day 2 Memoirs.

Like many of you, I'm sure, I have tried to quit several times often succeeding for as long as 3 months at a time but ultimately falling back into into my 1 pack a day nicotine addiction. So what makes this time different you ask? This time I'm quitting nicotine all together....I'm not JUST quitting cigarettes. 


In other words I'm quitting cold turkey. No more nicotine gum, no more patches, no more e-cigs, none of that. In fact I'm trying my hardest to make this the TOUGHEST quit smoking attempt yet so that once I'm over the initial 3 day hump I can tell myself that I've already been through a lot and succeeded. My downfalls in the past have always been two things. 1- That I would quit smoking but I would have a much harder time quitting the nicotine gum and when I stopped using the gum I would eventually smoke again to get the nicotine fix. And 2- Whenever I drink I would crave a cigarette like no other,and I would ultimately give in or "make an exception" that quickly made itself the norm with in no time. 


So yesterday I woke up with no cigarettes (I intentionally got rid of all of them the night before) and went to work with no smokes. I had my coffee without a smoke. I had lunch without a smoke. I was definitely feeling the cravings but I didn't give in. THEN when I got home JUST to make things interesting. I bought a 12 pack of beer and invited my non-smoker friend over where we drank beer and whiskey till we got plastered....and I didn't smoke. There!!! I did it!!! I drank and got drunk even but didn't light up. *Pat on the back* 


 So today is day two and I'm still at work....I'm getting the craving REALLY REALLY bad today. It seems that I've substituted the oral fixation part of my addiction with sunflower seeds. It's not ideal and it's not helping the cravings go away but it's better than nothing. When I feel the worst cravings I leave my office and go for a walk, or even a light jog outside. I like that feeling of being able to go a little bit longer without panting for breath like an asthmatic. It's also nice to be able smell the grass, the hot dog vendor from further away, It's nice to be able to walk past that attractive girl on the sidewalk and pick up on the faint smell of her perfume and knowing that she won't just pick up on the scent of a used ashtray when she walks by me. It's the little things like that that keep me going. It's still REALLY early to celebrate any kind of "victory" but I feel good about this. 