Cold Turkey: Day 4 update.

So something weird happened since my last post. Yesterday I've reached the point of not only not-wanting a cigarette but just being around cigarette smoke annoyed me!!!! I was hanging out with a friend who smokes as heavily as I did just a few days ago. And he chain smoked 3 cigarettes as I was sitting with him. Previously being around cigarettes and smelling their second hand smoke would bring back the cravings in a major way but not this time. This time I was surprised as how sensitive my nose was to the cigarette smoke. I could smell that burning lingering cigarette smoke even though we were sitting outside, I was at least 5-7 feet away from him and the smoke he was exhaling wasn't directly hitting me in the face or anything. Now I finally understand how all those "snobby" non-smokers felt when they would give you dirty looks for smoking in public. You think it's not a big deal because it's not to you but to them they can definitely get a whiff of your second hand smoke. 

 Anyhow my friend asked me why I wasn't smoking so I told him that I had quit since Sunday night and that another one of our mutual friends who has been smoke free for 3 weeks now was my inspiration to quit. So then my friend told me that he too wanted to quit. He said he was going to finish the last 2 cigarettes in that pack and that he too would quit. So today is day 1 cold Turkey for him, and day 4 cold turkey for me. So far so good. I would say the cravings have disappeared but something still "doesnt feel right" when I have my morning coffee. It's not a craving but part of me says "Wait caffeine needs another kind of '-ine' to go with it." It think it's mostly the association of the coffee with the cigarette that's giving me a hard time. But it's nothing that will make me give in. For now I'm enjoying the fruits of my quitting. My senses are alert and I feel much better. And damn I DO eat a whole lot more these days....but it's okay because I also have more energy to be more active and I also enjoy the taste of food much more now. 