Hey guys, I'm back

Well, I'm back. 

After another 2 months of attempting to moderate, substitute dip for smokes, use a vape pen, hating myself, cutting gym time down and then completely stopping, stopping playing the sport I love, smelling like shit, feeling like shit and hoping something would change; I'm back. Tuesday night I smoked half a pack in 4 hours and threw the pack away and picked my vape back up, swearing that I would never smoke a cigarette again and that I would be strictly vaping from now on. Yesterday, family issues, work issues, friend issues and a collection of annoying minor problems wrapped up with my sports team losing and an angry phone call from my brother I picked up another pack. 

I sat outside of starbucks with a friend and vented, constantly smoking and crushing out what very little was left of each smoke and placing them in a pile on the ground next to me. I didn't notice how much I was smoking. I was just extremely angry and stressed and it just flowed out of me while the cigarettes burned. By the end of my half hour long rant I had burned thru 9 cigarettes. 9 fucking cigarettes. 

I picked up the pile and tried to remember what each tasted like but couldn't do it. Smoking has become what biting my nails as a kid was. Impulse and uncontrolled and almost subconscious. It's my first reaction and I do it so much that I don't even notice it anymore. It's scary.

So I went home and smoked my vape pen as hard as I could on the 20 minute drive home. Got home and popped in a chew. Hung out for 20 minutes and threw my chew away. Deciding that if I would be done for good, I would be able to say goodbye to each of my 3 devices of vice in the same outing. Right now, it's been about 10 hours. It's honestly not that bad right now. Obviously it's a little uncomfortable and I'm on edge, but I can do this. The first day has never been hard for me, but the second day has always been complete hell. 

Fingers crossed boys and girls. Let's fuckin' do this.
