Thoughts from a current smoker and chronic relapser.

Hi guys,

I'm 20 and I've been smoking regularly for the past 5 and a half years. Like most of us, it started as a social crutch. I was awkward and thought that since all the bad ass guys get the pretty girls and the bad ass guys smoked cigarettes; I should too. Smoking was actually fun and enjoyable for a while. I made new friends, thought I was cool and was convinced that I wasn't addicted. I ride the smoke train for a long time but was sent to treatment for drug abuse where I couldn't smoke or chew. 

That feeling. 

I'm sure most of you with over 3-5 months know what I'm talking about. That being disgusted by smoke feeling. Because we didn't want to go back to the same shitty feeling and our bodies had cleansed themselves of the poison. Being able to breathe and run and not smell and not have people look at you with disgust was liberating. But when I got home from treatment, I forgot how bad I felt. I thought I could have a few here and there and be fine. 

Wrong. 

Since then I have smoked over 500 packs. I have gotten bronchitis and started developing asthma. I've had women say they won't date me because I smoke and I have had countless people offer to help me quit again. I hate this. I hate this feeling. I can't breathe, can't taste, can't smell and can't exercise without gasping like a fish out of water. 

So to my newly quit friends, congrats; stay with it. It gets better even though it's hard. To my friends who've been quit, thank you for all of your wisdom and your inspiration. And to everyone, don't forget how shitty it was. Once you forget, you'll think that for some reason you can go back without repercussion and that's not the way this works. I hope that some day soon I can join you all and not have to lie on my flair. 

I'll leave you with something my counselor at rehab told me. "Addiction is a disease of amnesia. We forget just how bad we had things and that there was no way to change these things once we were back in our cycle. We think we can change our patterns, but our history tells us differently. We tried to control ourselves, like normal people and failed. And now that we have clean time we think that we know enough to go back and out smart or addiction and that is the saddest lie that our addiction tells us: that we can win when we can not."