TGFST

The first week has always been tricky for me. The night before I quit is always the same; I swear I'm done and I am confident in that statement. I know exactly why I want to quit and I think of all the benefits I'll gain when I quit. I'll be able to play hockey again without needing an oxygen mask, I'll have motivation to get off the couch and go back to the gym, I won't smell horrible and I'll probably start picking up chicks (ya know, because it's just that easy right? right?), and I'll save money! Every time I feel so confident and so ready to take on the challenge at hand that I completely underestimate my addiction. The first few hours of that first day are a bit uncomfortable. I don't have my cigarette with coffee on my way to work or the one in the bed of my truck with my co workers before we start. I don't have my mid morning smoke break, my 2 or 3 smokes at lunch, or my afternoon smoke at break. I feel great and I don't feel like I'm withdrawing at all. This shit's a breeze! But as soon as I hit that congested LA traffic and the horns start honking and middle fingers are thrown my way, I turn my radio up and seethe with anger. God I want a fucking cigarette so bad, but I don't have a pack in my truck and I'm in grid lock so it doesn't look like I'll be smoking for the next 2 hours. Assuming I stay inside that first night, I usually make it through.
The second day I'm alright until the smallest little thing doesn't go my way. Someone at work says something that iritates me, someone cuts me off, my family annoys me, or my phone doesn't load some picture off Imgur fast enough and I feel that withdrawl kick in. My legs hurt, I grit my teeth and I want to put my fist through a wall. Breathe, breathe, breathe. If I make it through the first annoyance, I will be ok until traffic hits again. 
The third day and the fourth day are where it starts to get tricky. I feel great! I have no withdrawal symptoms; physical or mental. I am convinced I can do this whole quitting thing and I'm so happy about the success I've had. I'm so proud of my accomplishment, I should celebrate! I should celebrate with a smoke! My brain wants to reward me for not smoking by smoking. Days 3 and 4 is like the wolf in sheeps clothing period. My addiction tries to convince me that I'm saved and that we can be friends, so lets smoke!
Days 5-7 the wolf comes back, angry. I want to cry. The 6'5" giant wants to cry like a child out of frustration and pain. But if I push through to day 8 and sometimes even day 9, I know I can make it.

Today is day 9 and this time, I didn't have to worry about any of that. The first week wasn't tricky at all and my withdrawals were almost non-existant (up until Sunday night) all thanks to sickness. Strep throat to be exact! I got sick last Sunday until this past Sunday. I slept, sweated, and *flushed* the nicotine out of my system over the 6 days I spent comatose in bed.

Strept throat is painful and a complete bitch to deal with and I still do not feel 100%, but I haven't smoked in 9 days and for a pack a day (or more) guy like me that's a miracle and I couldn't be happier. 

TL;DR: Thank God For Strep Throat!
