1 year of FREEDOM. THANK YOU ALL!

I could cry right now.

Honestly, coming to this sub and reading the EASYWAY is the reason I've finally reached a year and I just wanna give a big THANK YOU to all you beautiful people! Y'all literally saved my life! And I just wanna contribute a bit of what I've learned.

Pack a day -- 12 years -- quit once before (about 2 years ago) for 3 months

Firstly I just want to let all people that are just starting off that this is SO possible. Trust me, I understand. I couldn't possibly picture myself at a year when I was only at days 2 and 3. Even a month seemed like a joke at 1 or 2 weeks. 6 months sounded ridiculous after 1 month. 1 year now and I cant wait to make it 2. 

I read Allan Carr's EASYWAY to stop smoking. Terribly boring book but after I was done, I threw out that last cigarette and never looked back. The cravings were there though, oh boy they were certainly there. My little cheat? I came to this sub. Read a few encouraging words from fellow non-smokers and before I realized it...I wasn't really craving anymore. But when shit hit the fan and I was a second away from getting into my car to buy that pack, I would make a post. I would write a little something then after I got the words on the screen, the little monster inside my head got quiet again.

Cravings do 1 of 2 things. Either they make you buy cigarettes and smoke one, or they pass. LET IT PASS! Trust me, they pass. Non-smokers would be on a killing rampage if they didn't. I know that voice inside your head is giving you every excuse in the book to smoke one (and man, it sounds totally logical at the time) but fight it. Be strong. YOU GOT THIS! Before you know it, days will pass when you don't even remember you smoked.

Oh and I forgot to mention the benefits of quitting, but that would make this a very long wall of text. Just know that every aspect of my life as gotten better and this is not an exaggeration. 

If there are any questions or if there is anyway I can help, please feel free to ask! I wanna give back to this sub as much as I can since it's given me my freedom. 