Just sharing how I have Quit.

I was smoking for on and about the time I was 16, get really serious when I was 21. By the time I quit at 28, it was a 40 a day habit.

I started smoking because my friends started the habit. At first it was light cigarettes and then I was smoking heavier and heavier until i got to Benson Black and my friends would reluctantly take them if I was sharing.

I would have one in the morning (11ish) with coffee, one on the way to work for 12, two with coffee on a 15 minute break, an extra cigarette break if I was very productive in work. Cigarette on the way home from work and I'd pick up a deli roll, snacks and two packs. One after my food. One waiting for my PC to boot, One waiting for a Quake\CS\WoW pickup game\raid to fill up, One while in warm up for the game and one after the game with coffee. Repeat for 2-3 games an hour until bed at 2-3am. That was Monday to Friday for about 3 years. When I cut back playing on the games I didnt cut back on the cigarettes. I was 5'11" and just under 8 stone weight (110lb or 50Kg)

I had though about quitting, I was like a bad car starting in the morning, it was costing me close to €6000 a year, but most of all it was having a bad affect on my new girlfriend and my housemate.

Its been over four years since I stopped and I still think fondly of smoking. I like watching other people spark up. I like the different flavours of smells when I am out drinking. Yet I was having a very negative effect on the people I was living with. They smoked but nowhere near the same amount as I was consuming. So when we were watching TV or a Movie or Sport or just sitting around, everytime I sparked, they sparked. Suddenly they were smoking twice to three times as much as they used to.

So here I am, spending €16 a day (where €10 of that is going to the government) People are staring at me when I cough thinking my frame is going to explode with brown tar. My housemate and my Girlfriend are starting to choke and splutter in the morning. It just wasnt worth it.

A friend of mine smoked and had tried to quit a couple of times so I asked him if we would quit together. Knowing that some friendly support and competition would keep me on the straight and narrow.

I got nasty chest infection after quiting and was quite sick for 2 weeks after giving up. I was fidgeting constantly, from chewing on my girlfriend's arm to playing with lighters.

In the next 6 months I gained 2 stone ( currently at 12). Everytime I want to buy a pack, I told myself that I would have more fun getting a bag of pennies and fucking them at the Tax Office. (I didnt throw pennies at the Tax Office)

Everytime I was stressed or pissed off I had to remind myself that other people in work didnt smoke and didnt need to smoke when things got difficult, other friends didnt smoke and didnt need to smoke when things got complicated.

Friends were very supportive when I was giving up, they encouraged me, kept an eye on me. Some were right bastards when I was giving up WoW the year before, I think giving up WoW was harder at the time because of the social aspect but every so often I think of smoking with rose tinted glasess or bloodshot eyes.

*I got very drunk a year after giving up, I consumed copious amounts of drink, I decided I was going out to have a cigarette in the porch and grabbed one and went to go outside. My girlfriend shouting at me saying "You dont want it!" 
I was told that I replied that "maybe I wanted to be a mermaid but that wasnt possible but I wanted a cigarette and I could have the cigarette" or words to that effect, very very drunk. I had one puff and nearly choked to death...

Well anyway I quit, cold turkey, over four years with only one slip up*
I feel a lot better, I'm a lot healthier, there isnt ash all over my stuff, there isnt fag burns on my clothes and bed linen, I have enjoyed a few holidays with the money I saved, my girlfriend and housemate still smoke but a a lot less even by their standards. They are healthier than they were. I dont have to re-paint the sitting room every time we move house, I dont have to scrub the yellow tar from my fingers, the benefits go on and on...