My quit (or time-off) story

I am in the process of passing the two week mark col turkey no nicotine. I wanted to share my story as it may perhaps inspire other people (sort of my tax given all the nice posts that inspired myself), and I will also have a little question. 

I had been smoking for 11 years with a 6 month quitting period 6 years ago. Since it has been a while since the last time I quit, I completely forgot how withdrawal would be. The last two days was hell, today appears to be better. This was surprising to me: What I remember from my quit 6 years ago was that after the first week, it was going to be a smooth sail - it wasn't. One interesting difference is that it took me around 10 2-3 day quits to finally succeed in the 6 month quit. This time, I nailed (for now) in the second try.

Anyway, the reasons for my quitting is not my health at all. Nor that I hate smoking, I cough, and stuff like that. In fact, I had no serious side effects from smoking, and I was feeling perfectly health while smoking. I had no cough, I was able to run 5.5 miles in an hour (not great but perhaps good for a 33yo more than a pack a day American Spirit's lightblue smoker.). I am aware that there are many people like that and smoking may wreck me tomorrow with no apparent initial symptoms.

The reason that I am quitting is that me and my wife are trying to have a baby. Unfortunately, our first try resulted in a miscarriage (My wife does not smoke, and the most dangerous substance she uses is caffeine, and she quit it recently). As far as I can understand, smoking may damage sperms in terms of shape or genetic material. The end result may be the absence of conception, and even conception occurs the end result may be miscarriage, and even if the baby is born, the damaged DNA in the sperm means a damaged DNA in the child, illnesses, cancer, etc. These are yet unproven assertions - Some publications are in favor of them though some say there is no connection to smoking. But I still said to myself - maybe the miscarriage happened because of smoking, better to be safe than sorry, and it would be hard to forgive oneself if the baby would not be healthy due to my smoking. Now I have to be 3 months smoke-free so that the new guys would be produced in a smoke-free body (It takes around 3 months for new sperms to form).

If a research would come up that says "Smoking has nothing to do with healthy conception/babies but will likely kill the smoker," I would have not even tried to quit. According to my current plans, I will in fact resume smoking as soon as we have a healthy baby. This sounds like such a stupid idea - I just love smoking I guess and miss it quite a lot right now. Since I don't remember how it felt the last time, let me then ask: Will there be a time that I will not care about smoking anymore (perhaps now that I am stopping for at least 3 months, I can stop once and for all)? Or, since I still love smoking, my love will go on (lol)? I tend to think that the answer to the second question is yes, so that I have to meanwhile motivate myself to not begin smoking again.