day 44 some questions about this whole deal.

I am on day 44.  I feel really great about not smoking and am excited that i have finally put this habit behind me.  So my path to nonsmoking has been a tough one, just like everyone else i guess.  I quit and started for about 2 years prior the this quit. I tried everything.  I read and re-read Allen Carrs book.  I did the e-cig, patches, gum, lozenges, cold turkey.   So what worked for me this time?  

I did it all this time.  

1. I read Carr's book.
2. bought an e-cig
3. bought a full course of patches 21, 14, 7
4. bought 2 boxes of 4mg gum 220 pieces total.

for the first week i wore a 21mg patch, chewed 4mg gum all day long and used an e-cig...
I know, way too much nic.  In fact this much maybe dangerous, but I was at my witts end.  I could not stop smoking even for one day.  
So I made through the first week and ditched the e-cig.

end of second week I ditched the gum

after 4 weeks i stepped down to 14mg

after 5.5 weeks I stepped down to 7mg.

So here i sit, a week into my 7mg step down. 

So I have some questions.  I have felt pretty good from week 2 to last week.  Feel strong and cravings have been low.  After a week of the 7mg my mood has gotten pretty bad.  If normal mood is a "5" i have been sitting at about a 3.  I very little patience and get frustrated pretty easy. 

My thoughts are this, maybe the 7mg dose is just enough to put in in a constant state of withdrawal all day.  I have 7 days left on the 7mg patch.  Does it make any sense to go off them early? I feel like my mood isn't being helped and maybe even being harmed by being on them.  My reasoning is this:

"if i'm going to be in a shitty mood i might as well just kick the patches early and maybe i'll start feeling better sooner". 

Is this rational thinking?  Should I just stick it out 7 more days?  Does it matter at this point if i stay with it till the end?  Am i benefiting from staying on the full course?  I think that the pharma companies had to have tested these and found the optimum dose and duration yes?  Anyone have any experience they would like to share? 


Just an update:
I decided to stay on the patches until the end of the 2 week course of 7mg.  I have two left.  I'll try and remember to update here when i go off them.  i've been looking for info on what it is like goping from 7mg to nothing and I haven't found many posts.  
