I will be on my last 7mg patch tomorrow. After 4 weeks on 21mg, 2 weeks on 14mg and now finally 2 weeks on 7mg..

I decided to stay on the patches until the end of the 2 week course of 7mg. I have one left. I'll try and remember to update here when i go off them. i've been looking for info on what it is like going from 7mg to nothing and I haven't found many posts.  Anyone care to share what i'm in for?

update 1:

2:00pm Took the last patch off at 10:30 pm last night. The cravings are defiantly stronger today.  No anything I feel will cause me to smoke again, but I can feel the pull physically.  
Emotionally i have had a short fuse today.  Very similar to when I stepped down from 21 or 14.  Agitation, not much patience.  I have noticed my head putting together ways that it would be ok to smoke, all of which i dismantle quickly with logic but this is something that i had left behind in the first few weeks on the patch.  I'm surprised to see it return as a thought process.   

update 2:
11pm
It was pretty rough between the hours of 4 and 8pm.  I managed to pull through and will be going to sleep tonight having had my first day fully nicotine free.  Update tomorrow hope it is a bit smoother than today.

update3:
Day two no patches.  last night trying to sleep was awful.  i attempted to go to sleep at 11:30.  I tossed and turned most of the night.  I took an OTC sleeping aid but still could not get any sort of rest.  Finally was able to get to sleep around 4am.  

I woke up feeling pretty good in spite of the lack of sleep.  Today has been much MUCH more smooth emotionally.  cravings are about 1/2 of what they were yesterday.  I'm actually so relieved.  I wasn't sure i could handle another day like yesterday.  Still going strong.  I have no not ingested nicotine for 43 hours. (51 days on the patch) 53 days off smoking cigarettes.

Update 4:
Day three 72 hours without nicotine and I feel great.  I really feel almost no pull towards smoking.  When the idea come into my head it is quickly defeated.  I'm so grateful for this.  If i had to fight every day like the first day I could never come this far.  I just hope that tonight is the night I can actually sleep.  That seems to be the last piece that is keeping me disrupted.  

undate 5:
Day five! actually slept well last night.  Was able to get to sleep and stay asleep most of the night. I feel like I've finally turned the corner.   