Smoking, loneliness, & death, oh my!

Hi, r/stopsmoking! First of all, thanks for being here, and for everyone who continues to contribute stories of quitting, starting, quitting again, withdrawal symptoms, complaints, etc. This sub has been a huge support even though I've lurked until now--just reading others' posts has helped me feel a spirit of solidarity. So thanks!

Contrary to the depressing title of this post, I hope what follows helps one or some of you who may be struggling with feelings of anxiety, depression, isolation, or grief over giving up smoking. Here goes:

I struggled with depression and anxiety for all of my 12 or so years as a smoker. I still did as a non-smoker (1-2 years) and I'm sure I will as a once-again ex-smoker (15 days). Over the past couple weeks, though, I've had a few realizations that I'd bet the farm I'm not alone in here. 

My depression and anxiety have long been tied to a fear of death and dying, and what has often felt like insurmountable, all-consuming existential dread. For a long time I smoked cigarettes to, I *thought*, "cope" with these feelings. I'm realizing how much worse smoking made these feelings, and how much smoking reinforced my fixation on death and loneliness. It's obvious how, but let me break it down.

First of all, stepping outside into the cold and the dark night after night, year after year, mostly alone, was a potent reinforcer of alienation and loneliness. It seemed like I was looking out onto a vast abandoned field and that I was a slowly dying body at that field's threshold. Secondly, smoking gave me a space in which to reflect on my worry, my fears, my anger, my sadnesses--often not in a constructive way. I grew morose. Finally, all of these feelings were incubating while I performed a repetitive self-destructive act: hand to mouth, hand suspended in air, hand to mouth again; breath in, breath out, rinse and repeat. I could watch the plume of what I was taking from myself hang in front of me, and could only guess at what my insides looked like as a result. Not fun imagery for someone who is prone to losing sleep over how fucked up mortality is. 

So! Fear not, fellow quitters. Kick the intital hump of WD symptoms and you might find, as I am finding, that the sticks don't help much in the way of living, or reflecting on living. 

In solidarity,
Yoyomanna