I hope this helps.

TL;DR  do it for spite. 


I'm not sure what was different about quitting this time around, but whatever it was, I'm glad it happened.  I had been a smoker for close to 16 years (I'm 28, knocking on 29's door).  I had successfully quit once during my undergraduate using Chantix (which I would not recommend to anyone under any circumstance; I'll elaborate my experience if requested) for close to 6 months; I'm not sure because I think I may have exaggerated up at some point and added a week or two.  Needless to say it's a moot point.  After I started again I went for about 2 years before trying to stop again.  That attempt lasted a total of a few weeks.   Discouraged and unsupported in my attempt I started back up again.  Fast forward to Tuesday the ninth of October, 2012.  I didn't read a book or prepare in the least, much like the rest of my life.  The one thing that I did was decide that it was over.  I bought three packs the saturday before; one that morning and two before I went to the bars.  I smoked and handed out slightly over two packs before calling it an evening.  I had approximately 3/4 of the third left when I woke up, smoked a few that day, smoked even less the next day (Monday) and on Tuesday had two left when I woke up for work.  I had one before I brushed my teeth and had the second on the way to the office and then decided as I threw it out that I was done.  What it came down to was simply this: was I in control?  I wanted to know if I had the mental fortitude to just stop.  I had the money and no desire to quit smoking but for some reason I wanted to see if I could "stop whenever".  It's been 293 days now and I can honestly say I can.  I have had multiple opportunities, excuses and setbacks to make me want to do it, but each time I think about lighting up, and for a few nonsensical weeks chewing, I think about how far I've come and how many people I've proven wrong.  I think about how I'm not going to give the smug satisfaction to a bunch of ingrates who would rather see me give up and that gives me the best feeling in the world.  I'm not sure how many, if any, are betting on my falling backwards, but if there's one it's too many to satisfy.  Sorry this is so long, but I haven't had a chance to get on my soapbox with people that want to and have quit.

