I can not enjoy all the good things in life if I kill myself by smoking! (I'm writing this post to keep me from going outside for a smoke.)

9:30am is usually when I go out for my first smoke break of the day. I've been lingering around this sub for several months...

Everything in my life revolves around smoking and that's just really stupid and annoying. I've been smoking off and on since I was 13, I stole my first cigarette out of my mom's pack that she left on the kitchen counter. I used to smoke the butts leftover in the ash trays - which I'm cringing at now... I'm 33 and that's way too many years. I've been feeling pretty shitty about my habit for a while. A friend recently quit smoking, but shortly after she quit, her cough didn't go away and she found out she has lung cancer, stage four. She quit, but she quit too late. 

Another friend of ours fought cancer for several years (leukemia, but still cancer). On Monday, my husband and I went to see her in the hospital to say goodbye to her. Seeing her like that really fucked me up. I mean, there are millions of ways to die and I'm over here killing myself ON PURPOSE. I don't want to die like that. And maybe I will anyways, by no fault of my own. However, I just can't keep doing this to myself. I've been smoking about 15 cigarettes a day - 15 times a day I purposely poison myself, how stupid! I've quit before, obviously unsuccessfully. This time, though, I've got my husband along on this journey with me and I think we can help each other.

I haven't had a cigarette in 30+ hours. Yesterday morning was good, the afternoon was difficult, but the evening felt absolutely horrible, and I didn't sleep well during the night. I was hot. I had weird dreams. I was thirsty. My hands were shaking. This morning, I felt nauseous. I've cried a lot, I've raged a little - both because my friend is dying, but also because I'm actively fighting this craving fight. I'm glad we're using this really sad and difficult time to do something good for ourselves - I feel like the sadness of losing a friend can give us the momentum and motivation we need to push forward. I think she would be proud.

I've decided to quit honestly this time. I didn't celebrate my last cigarette, I barely even acknowledged it. Why? Because I'm certain that at some point in my life, I'll smoke a cigarette again - I'm hopeful that I will not. I'm just trying to be more realistic this time. I'm also not looking at this as a destination. I feel like in the past, I was looking forward to a certain point or something... and when that didn't happen I started smoking again. The longest I ever went without a cigarette was when I was pregnant with my now five year old daughter (who, for the record, I have never smoked in front of). I smoked no more than 5 cigarettes during my pregnancy and as soon as she finished breastfeeding, I started smoking again. She has an uncle who smokes, so she's started to notice that in the world around her. I do not want her to see me smoke, or know that I do. Today, however, I can truthfully say otherwise.

The biggest difference this time? I'm finally in a really beautiful place in my life. I think I've always used it as a way out - a way out of doing things, a way to get outside during the work day for a break, a way to socialize... overall, a way out of life. Acceptable, legal suicide. I had an abusive childhood. My relationship with my daughter's dad was also abusive. After several years of therapy, I got away from all of that. I gained the strength I needed. I realized last night, while fighting a withdrawal pretty hard, I don't need a way out of life anymore! My life is different now, and so beautiful! I have a wonderful husband, a fabulous daughter and all the good things in the world. But what are all those good things if I killed myself by smoking and I can not enjoy them?! An added bonus - I smell so damn good! I can't wait to fully taste food again!

I've never appreciated my health before. Now, I do. I will not smoke today, no matter how hard it gets. If you've made it this far, thanks for listening! I also accept encouragement and advice. 