Having a hard time with quitting, need a little advice/encouragement?

Hello everyone, and an obligatory congrats to anyone who's made any progress in this endeavor whatsoever. 

I'm 25, and have been smoking about a pack a day for 9 years now. Recently, I found out about Allen Carr's Easy Way book. I read it, and it was like it just flipped a switch in my head. I really did not want to smoke. The first 2 days, I was very irritable and highly emotional, but I made it through and during that time, for the first time in a very long time, I legitimately had no desire for cigarettes. That lasted exactly 12 days. 

I was living with my now ex, it was day 12, and we got into an argument which resulted in our breakup and in my being 'evicted'. Proud and stupid I thought I'd try living out of my car until I figured something else out. I actually made it through that first night. The next day, I was cleaning out my car, and I find, I kid you not, an open pack of cigarettes with only one missing out of it, and a LIGHTER RIGHT NEXT TO IT. I'm a slob, I guess it had fallen between the seats at some point and gotten hidden under all the crap I had stored in the backseat. I was an emotional wreck, and I just kind of went "screw it" and lit up. Been back on my same old routine of a pack a day ever since. 

About a week ago I thought I'd try to read the book again, but it just didn't have the same effect it did the first time I read it. I've made a few attempts, but none of them lasted longer than 4 hours. My biggest issue with it seems to be how emotional I get. It's very bad. I have some really horrible thoughts and compulsions, and I'm in control, but I'm just an absolute mess of myself and I get in heated arguments about anything with whoever is around, and I can't seem to realize in the moment, "I'm just emotional because of the quitting, I don't really care this much about xwhateveritisx." 

If anyone has advice to offer about how to get back to the mindset I was in after first reading that book, or on how to control my emotions during the first week, it would be greatly appreciated. 