I am a different person than when I smoked. That is an OKAY thing. I am better than I was.

I am 55 days into my quit, really drunk and coming down off an hour long craving. Paragraph 1 is about me, 2 is why I quit, 3 is how I am still quit and 4 is who I am now. I feel great being able to make this post. To be honest I am a little surprised that I am here and still off the nicotine. I started smoking at 17 as a way to relax and get more breaks at work, switched to vaping at 22 and was more addicted to nicotine than ever. I knew it was bad for me but I loved it, I loved the taste, the social aspect, how it made me feel relief from the stress and the tension in my chest. 


My quit date was simple, I saw the one of the early Pokemon posts (thanks /u/Tis_a_fine_barn !) and told myself if he posted dragonite I would be quit by then. Well magikarp "quickly" rolled around and I realized that barn was going to make it to 150 and I had to live up to myself. I booked 3 days off work for the quit and just went cold turkey.


I always thought meditation was a whole load of mumbo jumbo. Still kind of think it is mostly nonsense but holy shit did it ever work for me. It does not work for me every time, b 1/3 of the times that I meditate I get a head rush and feel a wave of relaxation like that first time I smoked a cigarette. I seriously recommend giving a week long mindfulness course a shot. I think there has to be a science behind this, I do not think it is a coincidence that focusing on breathing and smoking which causes us to do the same thing has similar effects.


I knew my mood was affected by nicotine. When I flew if I was over 3 hrs without nicotine I would get so uncomfortable. Once I knew this was the time I quit suddenly it was not quite as bad to get through those 3 hours, 6 hours, a day, a week, 2 weeks, a month, 2 months. Here I am today and my loved ones tell me I have not been nearly as bad as I anticipated. My patience is a little short but I am making it through it. Every day is a little bit easier than the earlier. Allen Carrs suggestion that a bit of nicotine resets the process is crucial though, I accidentally had nicotine and it felt like a reset but not quite as bad. Today I am happy without nicotine.

Goodluck /r/stopsmoking and I hope at least one person quits before /u/EpitaFelis posts a Lugia!