Looking for help reminding myself why this is important.

I am 23, started smoking daily at 16, and (this time around) I quit smoking March 16th. I haven't been perfect since then, I smoked one 2 weeks ago but if I reset my time I know I'll loose the remainder of my motivation. When I decided to quit I KNEW I was ready, I was done with its control over me and my wallet. My breathing hasn't ever been extremely bad from it but I knew it would make it better.  

Since I quit I've ran into unexpected problems since I didn't do any research on what type of negative effects I could have from stopping.


Less than 2 weeks after I quit my nose plugged up and I've had severe allergies. I've never had allergy problems my entire life until now. I haven't been able to enjoy the new sense of smell I should have and it doesn't seem to be letting up anytime soon.

I've gained a noticable amount of weight. I have been watching my diet and being careful for 4 weeks to the day, but I haven't stopped gaining weight. I never exceed 2000 calories (I was regularly eating over 3000 while smoking), I don't drink soda sweet tea or juice, I avoid added salt and sugar, I don't know what else I can do. I can't fit into a good portion of my clothes and I can feel the extra weight.

I've also been noticing my hair seems to be really thin on top lately. I've attributed it to low self esteem but last night my fiancee's sister finally mentioned she can see it, so several other people in the room also quickly agreed (including my fiancee), saying they didn't want to offend me by saying anything until now. I can't really find anything official online saying quitting causes it, but I've read from forums (obviously not medical professionals) that quitting changes a lot of the hormones in your body and DHT levels might be higher, DHT causes people to go bald.

In short I'm having a lot of hard to accept changes and the damage from smoking hasn't ever seemed as hard as this is. I have NO money for professional help and no insurance. I'm loosing motivation and I want to start smoking again.