I hate who I've become.

Like the title states, I hate who I've become. This is nothing more than a rant that I don't know where else to go with.

I've been smoking since the age of 17 (currently 27 going on 28 soon). At first it was a time killer. I picked it up while working a summer job. I was introduced by a good friend who assured me that it would help the time go by faster. Through my early years I noticed no addiction/issues. I was about a 1/2 a pack a day smoker until I was about 20.

During my early 20's I thought that I could not live without cigarettes. I was using psychedelics and other substances and did not believe I could live life without the precious smoke. I remember telling friends that I felt/saw no adverse affects on my body; I felt as though I was an iron man when it came to smoking. After college and a stint in the rave scene I still felt as though cigarettes had no bad effect on me though around this time I started to notice that I was an addict. The "crutch" I had been using as a way to relax and calm down had taken over my body.

Years past and I changed like most people do, but I still was an addict to nicotine. I found the love of my life and eventually married her. I could not be happier to have my partner in crime; she is my best friend, my everything. She had no problems with me smoking as she was an on again off again smoker, but by this time I was well over a pack a day. We decided we needed a change in life and moved out to Colorado for a change of pace. 

During our adventure out to Colorado my wife started to notice that I was weezing while asleep. We would have very long conversations about smoking and attempts to quit. I started to notice that when waking up my lungs were incredibly heavy and would cough as soon as I walked outside in the cold weather. I knew that I was addicted, but this was the first time in my life I noticed that negative health effects of smoking.

I decided that it was time for a change. I went out and read Carr's book and was smoke free for a few months. Only days after quitting I noticed amazing physical effects. After needing to move back home and the crazy long car ride I was back at the addiction. Now months later I am still struggling to kick the addiction which is why I come here.

I hate who I have become. I hate the fact that this addiction is killing me (more than just physically). I hate hearing the voice of concern coming from my wife and knowing that if I don't quit that I will be dead, limiting the time I have left on this earth with her. She means everything to me and I don't want her to have to watch me die of lung issues like her mother. I know in my heart that I am better than that. I hate how I'm when not smoking that is the only thing on my mind even with other stressful life situations are happening. I am trying to express myself more with the disgust I feel for myself, but all I can say is that I hate who I have become. I want to change, I know I can change, but sometimes I just don't know.

I am re-reading Carr's book again and my quit date was set for last night. If you've read through this little rant of mine thank you. It is nothing more than me just needing to get this off my chest in hopes it will hep in some way. 

Thank you for your time.
-M