so mad I could scream ... smoker bf moving in?? Help!!

Y'all I just spoke with my boyfriend who is overseas right now. We are moving in together at the end of next week, and both agreed the new place would be a no smoking zone.  He promised he would quit before he got here. 

I was worried about ME being able to quit, so started an earlier attempt with the patch thinking it wouldn't work like everything else, but lo and behold I've made it to 60 something odd days. 


Well, he just told me last night that he isn't getting Chantix until Tuesday, so that he would be smoking when he got here.  He was like, "the drugs kick in after a few days so I'll only smoke a few days."

I tried to keep it cool and not blow up at him bc I know how hard this is, I was a smoker for 10 years and him even longer.  But I am ANGRY, sad, upset, frustrated, disappointed and so many other things that he would not make a serious attempt or at least even get the damn drugs on time to be quit when he got over!!! He knows this has been hard for me and I don't even want the temptation around.  Yet he's going to bring cigs into our no smoking apt ??? I am so pissed I almost want to tell him to change his ticket and come whenever he quits. I did what I needed to do to quit bc I was worried about compromising HIS quit.  It really pisses me off I don't get that same courtesy.  He wont even try any other method just wants to rely on the drugs.   Which again is fine bc everyone quits differently, but is it out of line for me to have wanted him to do that w/in the time frame we BOTH decided??? 

Y'all I just need advice and help.  I haven't really spoken to him much since he told me that and made it clear I was not happy but didn't berate him or anything, just told him I don't want them in the house as alcohol is a huge trigger for me, and I don't want him to smoke around me bc I have almost cracked a few times. 

Can give more details if you want them, was just about to lose it and needed to get this out.  