2 weeks, smoke free. My thoughts.

I quit 2 weeks ago after 13 years of smoking at least 1 pack a day.  I am using chantix and I think its helping.  My withdrawal hasn't been terrible - somedays are better than others.  I also order gourmet lollipops from amazon that last around 30 minutes - those are great. 

My last night of smoking, I smoked 2 packs of cigarettes and drank 2 bottles of wine (in around 6 hours).  I felt terrible the next day.  I think this helped. Definitely didn't want to smoke when my lungs were on fire the next day.

I didn't think I could go one day without smoking.  The last time I went 24 hours without a smoke was 8 years ago when I had dysentery.  

The first couple days I was moody. I snapped at my husband a few times. I was irritable.  But there's a few things that are really annoying - 

1. I try to avoid going outside as much as possible. I have no cigarettes in the house.  If I don't leave, I can't buy cigarettes = I can't smoke. 
2. I go to bed insanely early.  If I've already brushed my teeth and are in 
comfy pjs, I can't leave to buy smokes. 
3. Quit Zits on day 11.  Nature's little fuck you to me for doing something healthy.  Worst breakout I've had in 10 years. 
4.  All I do is thinking about smoking. I know I don't want to smoke. I hate being a fucking slave to my next cigarette, but I can't stop thinking about cigarettes. 
5.  I'm avoiding being around my friends.  Some smoke, but I don't even want to me around my non-smoking friends.  Nothing is really fun any more. *I also gave up alcohol because that's a major trigger. Because all I think about is smoking, I have nothing to say to my friends. 

Feeling down today so I went on a walk.  All the blogs, sites, info say it's great to get exercise.  Came home. Nothing much changed in my mood. Sat and cried for a while. 

14 days not smoking and today was the hardest so far.  Feeling sad.  Worried that I'm never going to be normal and/or I won't succeed. They say the first 2 weeks are the hardest.  I hope tomorrow is easier. 