Fell in love, made some life changes. My story if you care to hear it.

Figured I'd share my (in progress) story here. It starts somewhere in the middle of this August. Here's me, working at a bar in Colorado, I don't eat healthy, I drink every day, smoke a pack a day and have for the last 5 years. I've wanted to quit for a long time, but always came up with some stupid mental excuses. "I'm drinking tonight, I know I'll just get a pack anyways. I'm on a double shift today, it'll be stressful, I'll need to smoke if I don't want to be pissed off all day. At least they're cheaper here than where I grew up. Life's short anyways, fuck it." Those kinds of illogical mental justifications filled my head, I'm sure many of you can relate.

Anyways, a month ago, an ex-girlfriend from a long time ago spontaneously asks me if I want to meet her in NYC for a music festival. I agreed, and about two weeks ago now, took some time off, and flew out to the city. I figured I'd try to not smoke at the festival so she (non-smoker) wouldn't think less of me.

Now, before this, her and I haven't seen each other, or even talked too much in years. I had assumed that whatever connection we had before, was no longer there. We went as friends, with a group of people. Day two of the festival, we each realize that all the feelings we used to have for each other were back with reinforcements. I, somewhat immediately, realize that I have no desire to go back to Colorado, and need this amazing person to be a major part of my life. The feeling is mutual. I feel like we're 17 again and just falling in love for the first time. I now remember what love is really like. And for the first time in forever, I'm honestly, truly, 100% happy.

She doesn't smoke, and is all around, a very healthy and positive individual. Absurdly nice to everyone, emits nothing but beautiful vibes, vegetarian, rarely drinks, is in shape and sexy. If I kept up my shitty, unhealthy lifestyle, I wouldn't be able to keep up with her, physically and mentally. Her being in my life, even for just these past two weeks, has sparked some massive changes in my life outlook. I want to be healthy for her (for myself too, but mostly for her), I don't want to have her deal with a boyfriend that smells and tastes like smoke all the time. I don't want her to deal with a boyfriend that has no stamina in bed because his lungs are useless. I want my money to go towards things that actually improve our lives, not towards making a beautiful girl watch as her boyfriend slowly kills himself. 

Since the first day of the festival, August 29, 2013, I haven't bought any cigarettes, haven't wanted to, haven't even noticed any withdrawal symptoms. The void in me that was being filled by cigarettes, has been replaced with a newfound feeling of awe, love for Chelsea, myself, and the world in general. With the exception of one night last week where after a few drinks, I bummed one off a friend, I haven't smoked in almost two weeks, and feel better than I ever have before. I have more energy, my lungs are noticeably happier than they were two weeks ago, my mouth doesn't taste like shit in the mornings, my clothing smells better, and for the first time in a long time, I'm proud of myself. Regardless of how this relationship works out, I'll probably never smoke another cigarette again. On a somewhat related note, excessive drinking has also ceased since the beginning of my trip. It was never as big of an issue as cigarettes, but fuck it, might as well keep the self-improvement ball rolling.

I'm headed back to CO to grab all my stuff in a few days, then coming back east to be with her, and turning a new, tobacco free page in the story of my life. I have nobody to thank but the girl who's presence in my life has inspired me to make the healthiest decision I've ever made. 

Sorry this was kinda long winded and ranty, but I had to share it with people who might gain even a little bit of inspiration from it. I didn't see this shift in priorities coming, and am still in awe of how quickly these changes happened inside my mind, and want to end it on this note:

I was lucky to find someone who's love inspired me to quit smoking cigarettes, but it can happen to anyone who seeks out such inspiration. It might not be a person, it could be anything, but all of us have the ability to love something so hard, it pushes us over the brink of wanting to improve ourselves, to actually improving ourselves. Find something you love, and love the shit out of it. I hope each of you can find in that the inspiration that I have.


**TL;DR Cured my addiction to nicotine with love. You can too!***