I Messed up. "Just one" isn't Just one.

Guys. I really fucked up. For anyone who thinks they can have "just one more", the following is the process of how it spirals out of control faster than you think.


I quit smoking November 18th. It sucked really really bad. But I did it. I did it with chantix, but ultimately had to stop taking it because it made me really depressed. 

There have been times since November where I have been out and thought "one will be ok" and they always have been ok. I'd have one - or I'd smoke on a weekend camping trip when with a big group of smoking friends.  Then, the next day or at the end of the trip - I'd pitch the rest of the pack and go back to my normal life. It wasn't hard.  

Now, I know what you guys are gonna say. Even one cigarette leads to smoking again. I believe that now. 

For some reason last week I just really really really wanted a cigarette - even though I hadn't even smoked one in a while. So I thought oh well it'll be alright. I'll just buy a pack so that when I want only one in these rare times...... When I bought them though, I could feel them burning a hole in my pocket. Screaming at me, "i'm here, so you might as well smoke me", and I did. I smoked maybe 2 a day. "I had it under control". Then It was the weekend and just weekends are ok right? Anyway, yesterday I went to a concert and deemed it ok. I smoked the whole pack in one night. Just like I used to. 

Today I'm sitting here with two cigarettes left knowing that I need to throw them away and that I need to not look back. I don't think I'm completely back to square 1 yet - but I am spiraling there so fast. I need to end this. The whole time I am even smoking - they still even taste bad to me and i know it's a bad thing. Through all of this - I can't help but think "I should just finish out the weekend and start fresh on Monday." 

I really really suck. So, my badge should be reset to 0. I didn't even want to post this from embarrassment that I couldn't do it. My family doesn't know about any of this and they were so proud for quitting - of course.

But, you guys helped so much last time. I need someone to kick me in the ass.