Hell Week and my decline of nicotine withdrawal

I made the decision to quit cold turkey this time. I've given myself as many tools as I can think of to help me stay smoke free. I've got my little list of reasons to quit as the background on my phone, so I read it every time I take my phone out. I've got several apps to help me keep track of cravings and keep me distracted from smoking. I've got gum, sunflower seeds, and baby carrots. But my biggest baddest weapon of all has been information on nicotine withdrawal.

I decided to quit on a Friday night after work. I planned for that day a week in advance, so I'd have time to prepare myself mentally, and have my first two days without cigarettes be at home where I can relax. Almost all I can remember from that weekend was having craving after craving, and steadily becoming more and more irate. I felt like i couldn't concentrate on anything but the urge to smoke, and time felt like it would stop during a craving. I thought it couldn't have been worse... And then I went back to work. 

Monday and Tuesday were awful. I felt surrounded by stress, smoking triggers, and fellow smokers who we're waiting for me to fail. I got so angry that I just wanted to start hitting and throwing things, and at one point I felt like crying. I didn't, but it was far from being my proudest moment. In spite of feeling like I was being pulled apart on the inside, I resisted my cravings and instead took out my phone. I found an article about nicotine withdrawal that mentioned many of the symptoms I felt. As I read on I could feel myself becoming less tense, realizing that most of the worst symptoms were during physical withdrawal, which only last about 72 hours. All of the sudden, I started getting a little more motivated. I had already made it past the 3 day mark, which meant I wasn't far from dealing with just breaking the mental habit. 

One of the greatest things I've learned is how a craving starts. Just like one of Pavlov's dogs, my brain is used to getting a treat (nicotine) during particular situations and times throughout the day. What happens when you don't provide your brain with that nicotine is a little alarm starts to go off. Almost like it's reminding you, "Hey. We normally smoke at this time." When you start resisting that feeling, your brain slowly turns up the volume on that alarm, almost to the point where it's unbearable. This usually lasts 3 to 5 minutes, but as I mentioned before, it can feel like time is moving painfully slow during this process. The funny thing to me is that if you just stay patient or distract yourself for those few minutes, your brain eventually gives up. It's like a small child poking you in the arm, yelling, "Hey! Hey! Hey! Pay attention to me! Hey!" Until it sees that you are ignoring it and then says, "Never mind." 

Being able to visualize all this has helped me monumentally. I closed out hell week with only a handful of cravings toward the end, which were totally manageable and mild. I am now 8 days and 15 hours into my new smoke free life, I'm feeling my nicotine dependency drift further and further away, and I couldn't be more excited. 