Went 1 day without smoking, and I caved in and had a cigarette this morning.

I don't know how I'm going to quit. I was feeling really good this morning. I woke up at 6am and went for a walk, which is something I hope to make a regular thing. I would really like to become a more active person, and eat fruits and vegetables and be in really good shape.

I started to get this sense of dread that I occasionally get, and felt I had to have a cigarette, so I went and bought a pack.

I live in the states, and in my state we have a hotline we can call for help quitting smoking. The cool thing is, they're going to send me some nicotine patches for free.

I overheard someone saying they went on the patch and they successfully quit and hadn't smoked for a year, so I figured I would try the patch too.

I wanted to try quitting before the patches arrived, and I had gone a whole day without one. Now I'm back where I started.

I don't know what to do when I get that overwhelming sense of dread, the feeling that I'm stuck and I'll never escape.

I want to be a more active person, eat healthy, go camping and hiking, etc. But I feel so incredibly stuck where I'm at. I have more problems than just an addiction to cigarettes, but that's probably one of my biggest obstacles.

I seem to have some insomnia too. I have an extremely difficult time going to sleep, which is why I began setting my alarm for 6am. I'm hoping that if I establish a time to wake up every day, I'll get adjusted to it, and sleep will become automatic. Which in turn, will make me feel less and less like smoking.

A big part of why I smoke is because I'm stuck at home. I don't have a car, or a job, or any money (my mom buys my cigarettes, sad, I know). I'm stuck at home, have almost no friends, nowhere to go, nothing to do, and it's been that way for a year.

I guess it would be easier to quit if I didn't have so many reasons to smoke. I don't know. Any advice or anything would be appreciated I guess, I'm just generally stuck where I am, and have been trying for a year to improve my life but so far I haven't really made much progress.