I quit three days ago, and I slipped today after taking some adderall to study. Guilt and disappointment flooding me :(

Ok, a little background info. I've been smoking for five years, I quit once for 6 months and started again after bumming a cig while drunk at a friend's party. Anyway, I've been wanting to quit for the last two years since my last attempt, but being around other smokers all the time, especially at work, I couldn't work up the willpower. Finally, after starting a new job at a new, nicer restaurant (I'm a server) where they don't allow smoking while clocked on, I finally mustered up the motivation to quit.

I had my last cigarette three days ago, I was doing well, I've been using nicotine gum and occasionally a pouch of chewing tobacco to help my urges. I wish I could just not use any tobacco product, but I found the taste helped me, along with the obvious nicotine supply. I figure, as long as I'm not smoking and breathing in the carcinogens, I'm much better off.

Anyways, today I really had to study hard for a test I have in a couple days, and I got a couple of adderall to help. Now, stimulants really make me want to smoke, and adderall, being a pretty strong stimulant, really makes me want to smoke. I curbed my urges with my nicotine gum and telling myself not smoking is for the best. I took a quick break from the computer to get some fresh air on my balcony, shared with my neighbor, and he happened to be out smoking. He offered me one, and I took it up without even thinking and smoked and had a nice conversation. He gave me two more "for the road," and of course I didn't refuse. I studied more, and ended up smoking both of the cigarettes he gave me, one right after the other. 

Now I feel really guilty. I know it's just a bump in the road, but I promised my girlfriend I'd quit smoking. She even tried to discourage me from smoking the two, but I told her these were just "cheat" cigarettes, like "cheat days" with a diet. She didn't stop me, but I could see she disapproved. 

I don't want to go buy anymore, but I know even one slip up like this could ruin even just three days of perseverance. Anyways, I guess I'm just here to get some words from you all, advice, encouragement, whatever. I put in a request to update my badge as well. 

Thanks for taking the time to read!