Day 4, officially the longest I have gone w/o in 20 years.

I started looking at this sub about a year ago, always thinking in the back of my head 'One day I will post there, but not today'.  I always had something holding me back.  Well, I am putting myself out there now and I cant really start back up again.  

I noticed this summer, when my nieces (7 & 10) would come over.  They loved going to the park after I got them kite's last year for Christmas.  Do you know how embarrassing it is to have a little kid ask why you can run across a field to get a kite to lift in the air?  Or why does your car smell awful?  I couldn't hug them without the little one saying how bad I smelled.  From the mouths of babes...  My wife and I are now expecting our first child in January and I have to quit, I just have to.

So, last Thursday, I had one cigarette left to me and my wife was using my car (her's is in the shop).  I saved that cig for right before I went to bed.  Something happened and I am not sure what it was.  I woke up Friday without any smokes and said I wasn't going to smoke that day.

Anyways.  Here is what I am experiencing so far:

*  Day 1 was pretty bad.  I was very irritable and started to get flu like symptoms.  I had to go home sick from work.  Go thing I guess, since I could ride this out over the weekend.  Then Saturday was just as bad, if not worse.  I got shivers and was cold, so I just some showers throughout the day.  It seemed to work.

*  Food.  I cant stop eating.  Weather it was raisins, or nuts, or M&M's, I just had to keep eating something.  I still feel like this, not sure when this will end.

*  I ran for the first time in my life in a very long time yesterday.  I woke up with an extreme amount of energy (also, the first day I noticed that I didn't weeze in the morning) and I actually ran.  I ran around my block, because I just felt like it.  It was fun.  I got a small high from it and my chest didn't hurt.  Granted I only made it a few blocks, but who cares, it was very exhilarating.   

I am posting today asking what can I expect from here on out.  My understanding is that the worst is possibly behind me.  After the 2 week mark, I can guess that my urges will go down quite a bit?  One thing I noticed is that my jaw gets a major sensation (similar to my restless leg syndrome I experience at night as well).  I just feel the need to constantly open and close my jaw as if I was trying to get rid of the air bubble in your ear from taking off in an airplane.  Anyone else get this?  

I understand many people are telling me to replace this habit with another habit.  I haven't done that and I am not sure that will make it easier.  I don't want another habit, I want this gone.  My habits were to smoke after a TV show, or eating, or when I got in my car...  The reason's to smoke went on, so hopefully quiting cold turkey will work for me and I do not have to replace my habit.

I don't plant to post another until next year.  I want to make sure I can make it to the end of this year as a goal and then go for all of next year.  Thanks for reading and any support or tips that worked for you, please let me know.