6 month twins. I want to quit so bad.

So,

Smoking  is the one thing im ashamed of myself. I bought the whole "edgy rocker starter pack" when I was 15 years old. I thought it made me cool, that it would help me pick up girls, etc. I admit it. No excuses.

Today im 29 years old and I've tried quitting 1000 times with varying success. When my twins were born I quit for like a month and a half. Then I started smoking one  or two cigarretes a day. Lately I was smoking 10 or more a day.

Sunday we were at the pediatrician, because one of the twins had a small fever because she is teething. While we were leaving the pediatrician looked at me and said: "Are you smoking again?", "Yes, but not as much, and never with them."

Next thing she told me broke my heart and I feel guilty as shit. She told me. "It doesn't matter when you do it. Your clothes smell like cigarettes and every time you hold them the smell is irritating their nasal conducts. Their noses are very sensitive and cigarrette smell is very strong. It's not good for them."

So yeah, maybe she overstated things to inspire me to quit. And I think it worked. I didn't smoke all Sunday. Yesterday Monday I had the last one I had left at night before going to sleep. I haven't smoked today until now (16:30pm).

But whats the problem?

&amp;#x200B;

IM A FUCKING ADDICT

&amp;#x200B;

Im having crazy cravings right now. I went to the grocery store and bought chocolate and coca-cola, and Im now browsing  this Reddit. Nicotine has done me good, I feel like I can't think clearly and my whole body is on fire. It's a very strange feeling. I hate that I picked up smoking, it's the one thing I would go back in time and change If I could.

Im terrified I will die of lung cancer because I can't quit and ill check out some 10 or 15 years earlier. Im terrified my daughters will pick up smoking because I can't quit. I love them to death and I feel so fucking guilty and selfish. I don't want to smoke again but a part of me is dying to light one up.

I don't want to check out early and miss 10 years of my daughters life, I don't want them to pick up smoking like I did. It's for them. I swear I want to quit, for them.