Just quit a few days ago, and found this community through an app I use

Just thought I'd say a quick hello and announce here that I quit. I don't like personal peer pressure, meaning that I'll probably keep my quitting under wraps from my personal circle (not counting family, they need to know since I live with them), and nothing ever works for me if I announce stuff (I get into "too much at stake, better to fail early" -mindset).

However, I understand that some social setting WILL help, and the social quitting aspect can come better from total strangers than close friends (who just try to sabotage anyways :D). So, I hope you'll have me here, and I hope I can help others somehow as well.

As for some quitting history: I have tried quitting at least 7 times in my 15 year smoking history - some more successful than others. Patches - 3 months, gum - 2 weeks, Champix - 6 months (had to quit the medicine, messed up my mental health), various cold turkeys, and so on.

This time I'm going at it a bit different - I'm using everything I've learned about quitting, and for the first time (even if this was kind of spontaneous) made a proper plan for quitting. I'm quitting cold turkey, since I believe nicotine is as bad as smoking itself. At day 5, the plan seems to be working.

My method includes stuff like urge personification, motivation lists, substitute habits (chewing gum, toggling a pen, eating a fruit, walking down and up the stairs, doing pushups, etc.), random positive reinforcement (for rewarding a successful resist of an urge), intention implementations, and so on and so forth.

There's a few big tests coming up - I hope I can conquer them. I have not yet seen a friend who smokes, nor have I been to work yet (work starts in a week). These scare me a bit, but I'm still quite confident I can conquer them - I have the plans ready for different scenarios. Wish me luck!

Oh and about the reason I need to keep this under wraps and even lie that I haven't stop smoking to my friendfs, I'm just not smoking right now, is that I need this to be my choice. The moment I tell people about it, I get held accountable for those people, and that means it's not my choice anymore. And when I do something because it's not my choice, my mind starts finding out ways to circumvent this. "You can't smoke because you promised others." "Oh really? I'll show them and find out a way to smoke without breaking that promise!" If I explicitly keep this to myself from my friends, I can keep it as my own choice. Also, I haven't got ridden of my smoking stuff. Maybe later. The point here being again about the choice. If I didn't have the choice, it would mean I'd be forced to not smoke, which would mean my mind would automatically try to solve the problem, which would make it harder to resist.

Sorry for the wall of text! I'd be grateful to get accepted in the community!