Im underage and trying to quit JUUL for my friends

Hello. I’m 15 and created a throwaway for obvious reasons. My parents dont know anything about this and have no idea i would do anything like this. I didnt have any clue i would do it either. I understand this post might not be allowed because im underage but i really want to quit and my friends dont really know how to support me since they have never dealt with a situation like this before.

I started juuling a few weeks ago. I knew nothing about juul or vape. I saw a guy showing off his juul and i was having a shitty week so i said fuck it and asked for one. I payed him and he got me one with a few pods. At first i started doing it once every few days and it was nice. But recently ive been doing it multiple times a day. I learned how to hide smoke and use alot less hits to get high. Yesterday i got high the most in one day, 5 times. Today i got high 3 times so far. 

I’m a little worried about myself but i’m mainly trying to quit for my friends. I have barely anyone to talk to in high school and we dont talk alot but i do have online friends. They are pretty much all i have at the moment and if they left me i would be devastated and would fall into a deeper hole of depression. 

I just don’t know what to do. What if i can’t quit even after all the support? Addiction is so much harder than i thought. Like i really wanna stop but it feels good and i love the dizzy buzz feeling i get from the juul. 

Not only is it the good feeling i get, but now a bunch of random people are asking me for a hit, and people think i’m cool. I have never been a popular or cool kid at all and it’s a good feeling that people actually like me and think i’m cool because of it.

It really sucks. I could explain every bit of temptation i get but you guys already have had experience from it obviously. Hopefully you will be able to help me? I dont know maybe im a lose cause.

Also, i asked a guy for cherry blast pods which sounds really good and he already owes me money so im getting it for free...

