I accidentally found a way to hack my brain that might help a few quitters

Ok, first thing, I didn't do it this time (relapsed), but after almost two month that where the easiest off all the tries I had so far. That's why I became over confident and made mistakes, so it wasn't because "I couldn't take it anymore!", one more reason to hate myself for relapsing. But I already know my approach will help me next time.

What I found out is, that it helped me to not see the struggle as a continuous one, but rather as little episodes of craving. I already internalised this during my other tries, without even realising, I just never used it. So when the craving kicked in, I formerly made the mistake of thinking "The only way to stop this is a cigarette, but I need to be strong!", when it's closer to the truth to think "This will suck now for a few minutes, then you get distracted by something else and don't think about smoking until the next episode." So I right from the start didn't take the craving serious und just waited for it to blow over. After a surprising short time (I'm talking hours here) this made the episodes less stressful, shorter and eventually rarer.

The day I quit I didn't do so, because I dicided "Today is the day!", but because I was too lazy to go get cigarettes and the weather sucked. Without thinking much about it, I started to approach my craving the way I described (just to not leave the house for a little longer). Then, after a few hours of not smoking I realised that I didn't suffer nearly as much as I'm used to and just thought "Ok, this might be a good start. Let's see how far it can take me!", but without building much pressure on me. The same day I was out drinking with friends, everybody smoked and even this didn't distressed me much. I even had to hold the cigarette for a friend for a moment while she looked for something under the table. I couldn't believe how little I cared in this earliest phase of quitting. And it went on like that.

Only problem after A while (a few weeks) I had a few stressful moments and had an occasional puff on the cigarettes of friends (like a puff every two or three days). Even this didn't let me fully relapse for a while, but then I found a stupid excuse for having a whole cigarette and that was the start of the end of it. Next time I will be more consequent.

So ok, didn't work this time, but I still feel like I discovered something that might help somebody else. Maybe just in the early phase? Let me know what you think.