Pack-A-Day Smoker of five years, 23 years old. I'm four days in to quitting. How long until my lung capacity noticeably improves?

I landed a great new job six months ago, and since then I've been on a steady self-improvement kick. I stopped drinking beverages and eating snacks with added sugar. I got my drinking under control. I started a five day a week weight lifting routine, and started eating a full diet. I'm up 20 lbs body weight, and I'm up 100lbs on bench press. I'm extremely satisfied with how this year has gone so far.

I've been blatantly overlooking one glaring flaw though. I'm still a smoker. I made excuses about it, rewarded myself for being down to a few cigarettes a day instead of a pack and a half, and I kept telling myself I just need to switch to an E-Cig. If I can get to 100% vaping and drop the 'analogs', I could work my way down to lower nicotine dosages.

It's kind of funny, but stubborn and idiotic as I can be, I'm not surprised this is how it would go. I decided to compliment my strength training with some agility training. I tried to jump in to a kickboxing routine I hadn't done since high school at a local gym, and could barely make it halfway through the workout. By the end, I couldn't even perform a single pushup. It was sad. Is my endurance and lung capacity really this terrible?

So, in the spirit of training to be a kickboxer, I decided smoking needed to go, and quit cold turkey last Thursday. I spent the weekend hacking up phlegm, coughing, wheezing, blowing my nose, laying around and generally feeling like crap. So here's what I'm wondering, how long should it be before I start to notice a serious improvement in my lung capacity?

I'm going to quit. I can tell this time is different. I'm not making a deal out of it, I'm not running around telling the world, keeping a journal, using a cessation aid or buying suckers. I've had enough of my weakness and I'm going to be a reasonable, logical adult. I know that this crappy feeling is part of my body healing itself, but how long will it be before I start to feel like a healthy human being again? I want to be able to kick ass for more than 30 seconds!

EDIT: TL;DR: I'm getting my shit together and working out, I want to build up my endurance and lung capacity, so I quit smoking (also, health effects, etc.) How long until I can breathe again?