3 Weeks In With Patches - My Experience

I just wanted to share my experience with quitting smoking because this time I'm very serious about it and want to. All the other times I tried, it was because someone else wanted me to.

So, I started trying to quit by switching to e-cigs. Turns out I was spending the same amount if not more money trying out every product I could and getting addicted trying new flavors and all that.

I got an e-cig juice or whatever a month or so ago and added it to the device which promptly melted into pieces because it ate the plastic. I guess the citrusy flavors can destroy plastic and so since I had spent a bunch of money on the liquid, device, and a lot of time dicking with going to the vape shop, I asked myself it this really was quitting or just me getting addicted to vaping so some other company can make money off of me forever.

I went and bought the patches. My girlfriend and I both talked about it and we're quitting together, so we bought a couple of weeks worth and made a plan to quit. We then had a few slip-ups for the first half of the first week of using the patch.

What happened was in our building, some guy lived next door that would only smoke half of his cigarettes and leave the other half of them sitting there. We were just then trying to quit, so you can probably understand that seeing that sitting there was just too tempting to avoid.

After getting frustrated that we were desperate enough to raid ash trays we both just stopped talking about smoking or going outside. We were pretty irritated with everything for about the first 3 days of not smoking at all.

We made it to the 2nd week and hadn't smoked yet. Now we're on the 3rd week and also have stepped down to the 14mg Nicoderm patches which was a decision we both made. It says you can stay on the first step for 6 weeks, but we figured if this didn't work for us we could go back up to step one and try going down again later.

Anyways, we're going to probably stick with 14mg until a week is up and go to the final step. If that's too difficult we'll stay on the patches a little longer. Only problem I have with quitting right now is the fact that I can smell it really well and everything around where I live is covered in the smell so I'm reminded of it a lot. I smell people smoking from long distances and even sitting on my porch from their cars a long ways away.

The nightmares I get from the patches and just the crappy sleep has started to get to me, however. I took my patch off before bed last night and slept great for the first time since using patches. The problem is when I got up, I was craving smoking like crazy. Next time I'll have a patch in a plastic bag or something near the bed and set my alarm for a few hours before getting up so I can quickly put it on and go back to sleep until it's time to get up, in hopes the craving isn't there by that time.

I guess I have quit many times before, but this is the first time I think I can actually do it and want to do it. I haven't told too many people about this because I have a tendency of telling people I'm going to do something different and it never changes. Now I'm just going to do it for myself and nobody else. I think that is the most important part of dealing with an addiction. If you don't see a reason to stop, then it's usually not going to happen.