I want to quit, but I'm nervous and just need some advice.

So, I'll start with a little bit about me. I am 21 years old and have been smoking since I was 16. Well, even earlier than 16, but when I got my license is when I really started smoking. 

How much I smoke per day is pretty much entirely based on what I'm doing that day. 

On a normal work day, I smoke about half a pack, give or take. 

If I'm hanging out with friends, it's a pack that day. 

If I'm in the car for extended periods of time, I'm chain smoking. I can go through a pack in about 6 hours. 

If I'm just chilling alone at the house with not much to do, I might smoke 5-6 cigarettes all day. I don't smoke inside, so it's just kind of annoying to stop what I'm doing to go smoke. 

I've got pretty bad anxiety and smoking just helps me calm down. 

--------

I've got a few questions for people that have managed to quit. 

How did you deal with the cravings? My dad quit smoking a couple of years ago and he ate jolly ranchers every time he wanted to smoke. 

What are the withdraw symptoms like? When do they normally start to come on, and when do they start to fade away?

Did you use any kind of patch, nicotine gum, etc.?

Is it really that easy to smell cigarettes after you've quit? Like, I'm sure my car smells like cigarettes, but I don't notice it at all. I can very rarely smell cigarette smoke on clothes, in cars, in people's breath, etc. 

Aside from candy, gum, patches, or whatever else, did you have your own little secret trick to help you quit smoking? Like, something that most people probably didn't do or would have even thought of.

And lastly, when did you finally feel free from it all? If you're at that point yet, how long did it take you before the thought of smoking a cigarette didn't even cross your mind?

I'm just going to say thank you in advance to everyone who responds. I'm tired of my teeth being kind of yellow, of my lungs hurting, of the $80 a month (or more) that I'm spending on cigarettes... I'm just over it. I'm ready to quit and move on with my life. 


