Third time's the charm.

I debated making this post because I am not sure how helpful it might be for others to hear about someone failing *again*, but I felt it was important to note down somewhere my thought process as I attempt to quit again for the third time this year in case it resonates with anyone else. 

I've been on-and-off smoking for five years, and I never once registered myself as a smoker because there were always wide gaps between each bout of smoking. It was only when I moved back to my home that I no longer could seem to go even a day without smoking that I realized I had not gone longer than 3 months at a time without picking up a pack in the last 5 years of "I'm just an occasional smoker" BS. It became more and more worrisome to me how much I couldn't quit (back in the fall of 2018) that I joined this reddit and took quitting to heart.

So as you can see from my old posts, I quit end of Dec 2018, and I went smoke free for 3 months, no problem. Then somehow, out of nowhere, I picked up one cigarette again thinking I was capable of *just one*, and I was finding the habit had hit me like a bulldozer all over again. So I came here to whine about this setback, and the community was really kind and supportive, so after 10 days of trying to quit again, I finally set my date for March 17, and I went two months, totally fine.

Now here we are again, and I wish I could say I picked up the cigarette again consciously because of some dramatic event. But I honestly don't know how it happened. My family smokes, so there are packets located around the house, but that usually does not tempt me. I was just one day in the bathroom on a random evening, and I saw the packet, and I smoked two. At first, I pretended it wasn't a big deal. Two cigarettes after two months is nothing, as long as I don't smoke again after these two. But you know the story. It's been one week since that random decision to light one up again, and now I can't seem to think or deal with boredom without wanting to resort back to smoking.

But tonight, at 9 PM, after smoking the first two cigarettes, I changed my "quit date" on the Smoke Free app like I always do after every cigarette, and I went about my night. But after watching some stupid movie with my siblings, something sort of hit me about how stupidly fragile this life is, and how stupid it is to willingly do damage to the one vessel I have connecting me to this reality. I realized that while I am almost always terrified of existing at all, I am not doing myself any favor by making myself feel miserable by a decision that is 100 percent in my control to stop. It is not cool to smoke. It is adding a dreamy vignette to my life. It doesn't make my favorite sad music any more intense, it isn't making me come to any sort of magical epiphanies, it isn't doing anything. It's something I do when I am bored and not able to distract myself with anything. It gives me a reason to sit down, listen to sad music, and feel sad.

So I decided I am going to make time to do that now. I guess this is a dramatic build-up to what amounts to basically mediating but yes, that's what has given me a new drive to quit this time. I will give myself time to grab my favorite headphones, sit down somewhere special, play that sad music, and let the feelings come and go without having to smoke to do so. Also, this time I understand that while I shouldn't be extreme with my dieting decisions (no sugar till I'm dead), I should be extreme with this decision. Never again will I ever smoke. Period.