150 day check-in :) woohoo, some thoughts...

Here I am. This really feels like the one. I'd been smoking for 8 years, when I was  19 I promised myself I'd quit by the time I was 25, I turned 25 last week :) I'm so proud that I haven't let myself down.
Last October my dad had a heart attack, when he was in his hospital bed we promised each other that we'd quit. It was a dark day, alarms kept going off and they weren't sure if his heart was going to go again. But it did open my eyes to what can happen down the line. He is still smoking, which is painful to watch, but I'm determined to live up to my end of the agreement.

Since my quit I have passed through several high-trigger events such as:-

-a stag do party weekend (heavy drinking)

-a trip to Spain (nights spent sat by a pool with several very relaxed people smoking)

-a trip to France (including seeing two of my favourite bands in an open-air colosseum where it felt like EVERYONE was smoking around me

-played numerous gigs that I'd usually smoke straight after (I usually think about the cigarette I'm about to have when we are playing our last song, similar to when you are finishing a meal)

-camping trips,  I used to enjoy smoking by the fire enjoying nature

-being sat in a room all night with 7 smokers all puffing away (windows open thankfully)

and many other events that half a year ago would have seemed impossible to get through without smoking.
The big difference for me this quit? 

MINDSET.

My mindset was different this time. I read Allen Carr's book. I knew I needed to quit, but this time I WANTED to quit. I enjoyed the process. I enjoyed how hard the first few weeks were. I enjoyed the pain. Because I knew I was doing the right thing. And I knew my body was giving me a high-five every day that went by that I didn't smoke, and it still does :D
I turned that fear of quitting into the joy of freeing myself from the slavery of addiction. Every cigarette I didn't smoke made me feel stronger and stronger, it's still getting better to this day. And the health benefits are genuinely amazing, I can sing better and with much more ease, I can cycle for longer. 
I went hiking the other day with two smoker friends, when we reached a spot  to rest they were both really out of breath, I realised I wasn't, my heart was beating fast but I didn't have that heavy feeling in the chest, it was another little reminder of the benefits of stopping, I realise there are many hidden gems along the path :)

Another thing that really helped; this sub. I joined on the day I quit, and honestly I was actually amazed by the level of support here, even if it's just people dropping in to say "well done" or "keep it up!" 
I'm used to Internet forums being somewhat divisive and argumentative places, but this is one of those subs where everyone is in it together, there is one commonality, we all want to be free from nicotine addiction, and it really does feel like a community. It's been instrumental in my success this time, so thank you guys and gals.

I've learned so much in the last 150 days about myself, I'm sure plenty of people agree that the process of quitting smoking opens up more doors than you would anticipate when you set out. Early on I had a realisation, if I can conquer this addiction, what else can I do? This led me to deepen my exploration of meditation, my diet has improved and it's now the best ever been, and I drink much less alcohol. I think the reason for that is because I was drinking more and more because it masked the horrible taste and feeling of smoking. I realised I was drinking because it made smoking feel pleasurable again, not because I wanted to get drunk, but it numbed the sensation of smoking, how crazy that seems now. Once I quit I found myself 'craving' alcohol less and less.

I also feel much happier in myself, self-respect and love for my body are getting better. My view is that this is partly because I no longer have that dark cloud in my head, all the self-loathing, guilt, anxiety and anger I had because of smoking is now completely unnecessary, it's as if I can actually feel my brain rewiring pathways every time I don't smoke in a situation where I previously would have. It feels good :)

There have been hard days, but that's natural for any challenge in life. I still think about smoking sometimes, but I just dismiss the thought as quickly as it comes up and then it's gone again. In the beginning I would obsess over smoking, like a starving person does over food, but now it's much more like thinking about food when you have a full stomach, there's no real desire because you are already satisfied.

To all new quitters, I know everyone says this, but KEEP GOING, it does get so much better. It's funny I remember reading other people's check-ins when I first quit, and feeling like it seemed so far away and far-fetched, but now here I am checking in myself, this will be you before you know it!
Don't give up, cigarettes do nothing for us, they kill us. They cost a fortune, they don't fill the void, they create it. You don't need willpower to refrain from smoking, how much willpower does it take to refrain from drinking a glass of bleach? 
None whatsoever, you know it to be poison, this knowledge makes the idea of drinking bleach unthinkable and absurd, well the same is true for cigarettes.

So I'm going to celebrate by continuing this journey, and turning my life into a celebration of life, health and happiness.
To bring happiness to the world we must first feel it inside ourselves, and quitting smoking is one way to kickstart the positivity again.

Thanks again everyone, here's to another 150 days, we've got this!!!!