One year check-in! Just a few thoughts.

I can't believe I'm here, this has flown by. Feels amazing to be smoke free.

After trying to quit on-and-off for a couple of years, I finally quit cos my Dad (who smokes) had a heart attack, when he was still in his hospital bed we promise each other we'd quit, he failed at his promise, I kept mine. It hurts to see him still poisoning himself and living in denial when it's so obvious it's destroying him, but I realised at some point I have to think about myself.

That's the main thing this whole journey has taught me; it's about you. Your health, your happiness, your freedom. It begins within, only you can make this happen. And the incredible freedom that you discover on this journey is breathtaking at times, except the breath is free from poisonous smoke and carcinogenic toxins, just fresh air.

I feel healthier than ever (I'm 25, smoked since I was 16) I genuinely feel as good as I did a decade ago, I know I'm still 'young' but the difference in energy is still noticeable.

I look at my smoker friends differently now. Not in a judgemental way, but with compassion. Some of my closest friends are committed smokers, and for some reason it's almost easier to sense the damage smoking does when you're not under its spell. I sit in a room as other people smoke. Never used to bother me, now it's like the room is slowly filling with poisonous air, it always was, but now I'm so aware of it. It's like curtain has been drawn back and I see the truth of what I was really doing to myself.

It's strange, every time I'm near somebody smoking, I'm reminded of how I've changed. And it feels beautiful. In the early days, being around smoking  used to fill me with desire to smoke, now it just gives me a headache.
Is that what I used to subject my body to every day?! It's hard to believe.

I remember one time about 6 weeks into the quit, i was at my friends flat and everybody was smoking. It was sooo hard not to give in and smoke! I was rocking back and forth, gritting my teeth, agonising over the desire, like a real addict. 
Now in the same situation I feel empowered and calm, no desire, I feel comfortable in myself, it's like watching people eat when you've got a full stomach, you have no problem with them eating, there's no desire, you're already full.  

On a night out recently a friend tried to tease me, "smoking is soooo good" and blew smoke in my direction, expecting me to become jealous. I just laughed, it was like somebody holding a bin-bag full of rubbish under my nose trying to make me feel enchanted by its contents. Nah I'm good, it smells like shit dude.

As I said, quitting smoking makes you realise the power you have within you to live the life you know you're capable of, just this realisation alone give rise to strong feelings in my mind and body that motivate me to continue improving myself in other areas. I still feel the reverberations of my joy at quitting to this day.

It feels like yesterday that I was a couple of days into my quit, jealous and angry and full of negativity at all the 'lucky' smokers that get to smoke, whilst I have to suffer. Now I see it completely differently, they don't get to smoke, they have to smoke. 

My happiness from being a non-smoker is a living reality that I feel the benefits of everyday, more benefit than I ever felt from any cigarette.

I sing in a band, and I don't get out of breath at all now (even after 3 months I felt 1000 times healthier) 
I can actually breathe in my full lungs' capacity of air without getting a sharp pain in my chest.
I've been doing deep breathing exercises, meditation and riding my bike. They all charge me up like never before.

A while ago me and some friends (who all smoke) went camping. When we finally got to the camping spot, I noticed everybody else was panting like crazy, catching their breath, I didn't feel out of breath at all. We are all mid-twenties, imagine 20/30 more years of smoking on top of this? I'll pass :)

Hangovers are so much less severe now. I think a good part of a hangover is caused by the amount of smoking you tend to do on a night out.

I have more money to spend on stuff, it's like receiving a monthly bonus for doing nothing, and that bonus will last for the rest of my life. 

Also, when I go out now there's one less thing to worry about taking with me. It doesn't occupy my mind anymore, those thoughts you have, 'when will I be able to smoke' 'I wonder if I can smoke at their house?' Etc, this mental space that was being occupied is now free for other things. 

When I go on any journey in the car, train etc, I don't have to think about relieving my addiction anymore. Things like going to theme parks and swimming, watching movies, any activities, don't have to revolve around fitting in a smoke break anymore.
Same when I'm writing music, my creative stream remains unbroken for longer, now that I don't have to step outside every hour to get my fix.

It's the little things like this that make you realise you made the right decision. 

It takes some time to get away from the reach of the cravings, whenever I struggled I just made myself remember that quitting smoking is a process, and every process has ups and downs. You're going to get cravings on and off for a while, that's just your body reacting to being deprived of something it has learned to see as essential, but it's not, it's been programmed into your body. Before I started smoking I never needed it, when I was a child it was inconceivable that I'd need some chemical to function.
For cravings just remember to breathe deep, take it one moment/one craving/one day at a time, that's all you need to do. And as the days go by, the cravings get fewer and fade away, just remember every moment you are growing stronger.
Also, check out http://whyquit.com and read the section "Nicotine Addiction 101" I found educating myself about the psychology of nicotine addiction was a major help in the first few weeks. 

I just wanted to say, you have the power to change your life, and giving yourself freedom to breathe cleanly again is a massive step to positivity and happiness.
It will impact your life in ways that you didn't even consider when you began. 

If I could give one piece of advice, I'd say this: Just take a little time each day to consciously breathe deeply, five minutes or so of slow, deep breaths. This is what fuels your whole body, every moment we are breathing in and out from birth till death. Smoking directly damages this process. I can't say it any more simply than that.

All the best people :)

