I will never be able to quit

I've come to this realization and wonder if anyone else feels the same way. I got started early 2012, I had a few 'here and there' and got hooked after experiencing one of the most stressful events of my life (romantic problem). I remember the first time I felt the 'high' and promised to only experience it a few more times, instead I was on almost 2 packs a day after just a few months.

I've tried maybe 14-16 times to 'quit' or simply 'not smoke anymore' since the word 'quit' is such a loaded term. My most successful run was 2 weeks, with one relapse in between then another 2 weeks with weekend smoking. It seemed easy since I didn't get the high anymore. Exams came however and a big argument with the girlfriend and I rationalized myself into getting a pack on the weekday, the high came back and now I'm on 2 packs again with less hope I'll ever be able to quit.

Main reasons why I don't believe it can be done:

1. Every quit I attempt, seems like a game of roulette. Sometimes it's really easy and I don't crave the nicotine at all (until alcohol or the post-quit depression comes into play). Other times it's hard from the  moment I decide to make the attempt and I fail to last longer than 2-3 miserable days at most. 

2. Cigarettes are my favourite thing in the world. They helped me get through my first big stressful life event, and every other one since. When I developed depression (7-8 months into smoking for whatever reason) and had some panic attacks only cigarettes helped me feel any comfort. Nothing else compares to the therapeutic power of them, not even exercise. And it's scary to think I'm giving up my only real coping mechanism even tho I secretly think cigarettes are worsening most of my emotional problems in the first place.

3. I've never accomplished anything this serious in my life. I have an 'addictive' personality and failed to do things for years. Something as simple as not eating junk food for a while and cutting a few pounds of flab I've  managed to put off for years. Cigarettes are 1000x more enticing than food or any other legal excess.

4. I feel strange when not smoking. Yes I feel better, and more motivated however something just feels off with my perception of the world and cognition. I'm just not myself, it's hard to explain. I just count the days I haven't smoked, and  focus on how long it's been that I've been depriving myself of my dear friend. The idea of doing this for months, and even years, is really daunting and demoralizing. And I don't know how many times I can keep trying to quit, I do not want to be one of 'those' types that always says they're gona quit and always relapse.

5. I can't just have one. I tried to rationalize it so many times. My last few failed quit attempts I don't even bother getting upset or lying to myself anymore. I just accept failure and move on with my day with no motivation to try again. Not the best mentality to have.

6. I've researched how to quit smoking more than anything else in my life. I know the total ins and outs of how the nicotine + maoi affects me. All the different types of mentalities people can quit with. All the negative impacts of cigarettes most people aren't aware off. Allen Carr, e-cigarettes etc etc etc and nothing has helped me to become brave enough to even contemplate the idea that "I can stop smoking forever". It just won't happen, I want to just accept my demise and live with it. Sadly the self-loathing that comes alone with smoking is as hard to put out than quitting. It's an endless cycle.