Craving vs Conditioning: The truth

Have you noticed you quit smoking many weeks or months ago but somehow when you're drinking you feel a sudden desire to smoke?  Is it possible you are hanging around other smokers while you are drinking and the smell of tobacco just excites you?

Well guess what. You aren't addicted and you're not having any urges. You are having psychological cues being activated.

It's called conditioning. Just like Pavlov taught dogs to salivate at the sound of a bell because they were used to having food given to them right after... you've also conditioned your brain for many months...or years to ENJOY and expect nicotine.  ALL those fun memories? You were at a party or you were leaving a bar and feeling pumped up and excited about life while you were drunk and you lit a cigarette and smelled the tobacco without fail each time.  That's why today, many months later you still feel like smoking everytime you have a drink.  

Famous psychologist, Dr. Manuel Smith PhD wrote in his book in the 1970s on phobias that you can associate your phobia to things surrounding it.  Had a bad experience with planes? Well, there's a good chance you're afraid of airports or maybe there was a smell that you can't put your fingers on but that reminds you how scary it is.

You can also unlearn a fear according to him and unlearn all the triggers surrounding them.  
So every time you are drinking and you PUSH yourself not to smoke and you CHOOSE TO TELL YOURSELF that you are glad that this moment is nicotine free and it makes this moment even more special... well guess what eventually, you're going to learn to not "crave" cigarettes anymore. Those are not real cravings, they are psychological conditioning.

So drink up! But drink with a purpose. Know in your mind that you are reconditioning yourself and soon you won't get any sudden urges to smoke just because you had abit of alcohol. You'll appreciate that you escaped being a prisoner for life to an illusion and a death sentence. ENJOY YOUR LIFE NOW. DRINK RESPONSIBLY AND TEACH YOUR BRAIN HOW MUCH BETTER DRINKING REALLY IS WHEN YOU ARE NOT A SLAVE TO SMELLING LIKE AN ASHTRAY AND KILLING YOURSELF.


Hope this resonates with somebody.