Over 34 Hours Smoke Free

This is the longest I have managed to go without smoking before. I tried quitting in the past and was able to get through maybe half of a day or most of the day without a cigarette. But not this time. 

This time will be different. I am determined to quit. I made it past a whole day without a single puff from a cig and I'm getting close to it being a day and a half in. I can't wait to know and feel what 2 days smoke free feels like! 

First day I had under a dozen cravings I would say. Going for a 30 minute walk (round trip) to get some coffee and gum really helped with the stress a bit. I stopped at the park, just focused on thinking and planning a little toward goals in my life while I was there. Something I typically do while on my balcony smoking. 

Managed to stay busy with more decluttering around my place and car. Went over to my sisters place. Hung out with her and her family. We both started writing and planning some goals for ourselves. Things like eating healthy, working out, getting organized, etc. 

Both spending time with other people and focusing on plans to bettering myself seemed to help get my mind off of smoking a bit. I asked my brother in law any suggestions or advice on quitting. He has gone through it and hasn't smoked in several years. 

I admit on my drive over there and especially back at night were the worst as far as cravings go. Dealing with bad drivers, traffic and other stressful stuff, while in the car made me want to smoke. I just chewed gum and managed to overcome it. On my way home was the most challenging but I got through it and I feel great about it! 

Been sneezing more often, runny nose here and there along with some coughing. I assume all from my lungs and sinuses starting to clear up. First day I could tell I was starting to feel my lungs getting more air, which felt good but also only being partially improved still felt a tad bit uncomfortable. (If that makes any sense) and part of me wanted to just smoke so I wouldn't have to have any negative symptoms at first. Though I told myself it may be slightly unpleasant at first but just give yourself a little tough love, and it will only start improving more and more. Your body wants this, and will feel so much better. 

Today I woke up. Feeling as though I could breath a whole lot better. Seems almost like my body isn't as tight or achy as usual ( I have fibromyalgia) plus a feeling of more energy throughout my body. Maybe it is just improved blood circulation while getting more oxygen throughout my body. Still sneezing, mild headaches here and there. But I'm starting to really fully understand and feel my body wanting me to quit. My health slowly improving little by little while several indicators like coughing, sneezing, etc. that my body is working on the healing process. 

So I need to stay strong no matter what and make this happen. 