ADHD and quitting

So, I quit 2 months ago. Had a slip-up almost a month in and now at a bit over a month. Yay. 

I have ADHD. I didn't realize until I quit how much I was using cigarettes as medicine. Thoughts going a million miles a minute? Smoke. Overwhelmed? Smoke. Distracted? Smoke. ETC. 

Then I quit smoking. I cut back on my drinking drastically. I stopped dating. Basically, I removed all of my coping mechanisms, my distractions. 

The last month hasn't been pretty. I wish ADHD was just the distraction and mind that never stops. 

It's also the emotional outbursts because you are so overwhelmed and feel like every event is 50 things that need your attention.

It's the constant energy that makes you want to move all of the time. 

It's walking around the house for 10 minutes because you cannot remember what you were looking for.

It's picking up your phone 10 times because you can't remember what you needed to do. 

It's the apologies for interrupting again.

Tuning out of the conversation after a few words and then scrambling to try to keep up. 

It's like being surrounded by people but feeling disconnected. 

It's hell. 

I didn't realize how much smoking well being used as self-medication until I didn't smoke. 

So I went to my doctor yesterday. I told her "You put me on diet pills. I hated them. But they did one thing: they made me realize I need to be treated for my ADHD" She agreed quickly. She's been my doctor for a while, she laughed and said she was just waiting for me to ask for medicine. She also said that quitting smoking can be a big trigger for ADHD to get worse for a while.

I cried. I won't lie, I sat there and cried. See, with ADHD, people don't really ever get to know US, they know our symptoms. I'm commonly the butt of jokes, even friendly jokes but it hurts because I truly can't always help it. Sometimes I'm not listening and accused of being a bitch but I'm trying to slow down my mind so I can pay attention. 

I'm ready for people to get to know ME. They'll probably be surprised when they realize how quiet I can actually be. 

:) 