Approaching 48 hrs--have important work to do--gonna do it an hour at a time.

Hi guys.  
Oh goodness, so thankful for this group right now.  
So, it's been about a week of torturous "one or two a day" (when I meant to just quit then). And it has been about 48 hours (slightly less) without any nictotine at all.
I spend yesterday, july 4th, alone and watching like 20 episodes of "Dr. Katz, Professional Therapist" while everyone else partied. I live in a big warehouse where everyone knows each other and barbeques together, so I could hear partying and fireworks outside my room all day. I knew if I went out there, I'd drink and then I'd smoke, so I just sacrificed the day. Later, I realized "independence day" would be a memorably appropriate quit date, and maybe that helped me stick it out.  
Today's been good. I feel mostly craving-less. But I have a lot of brainy stuff to do, things I'd usually do with nicotine. I have to take a really important test for a potential job that I really want--and my financial/housing security revolves around me getting a new job in the next week or two. 
I'm also a performer and used smokes to mediate the performance anxiety--before & after. I used smokes to write the things I perform, and I have to do a lot of practicing and writing for a performance tomorrow and another in 3 days.  
So, there's a lot to do this weekend. I'm being nice to myself and going slow. Letting myself zone out and watch youtube tv if I have to. But tonight is hard--working on this test and it just makes me want to smoke.  
I'm hanging in there, though. I'm done. No way out but through. Every time I have a craving, I tell myself, "you wouldn't feel good until after 2 cigarettes (a full dose) anyway. After one cigarette, your craving will just be much, much worse and more agitating. And after 2 you'll feel sick and have chest pain because your body is not used to it enough anymore. So there is no way to get pleasure from smoking at this point." That's actually the truth, so it's working.  
  
EDIT: Adding that I am not sad but I feel like crying. This almost motivates me to keep going--what emotions am I missing out on? Yikes.

tl;dr: posting here to quell cravings brought on by having to do intellectual and creative work within the first 72 hours of my real quit. p.s. I love you reddit.

