Tryin' again.

Hi all,  
  
I've been on r/stopsmoking on and off. Over the last year I've also been quit on and off, without much ado, but never made it a full 2 weeks without a cig. Sometimes I had just ONE cig a week or something, but I couldn't get beyond that point.  
For reference, smoked about 7-10/cigs per day for 10 years, some days way less (2 or 3 per day for months on end) and more while drinking, working hard, etc.  
'Bout 2 months ago I started smoking pretty regularly again, mostly due to a social/work situation I'm involved in where there's TONS of smoking going on. I am a musician and recently took up with some epically wonderful other, older musicians who all smoke. I am with them playing for nearly 8 hours a night and it is part of my living. Sometimes we are performing outside and people literally drop packs of cigarettes and bottles of wine in front of us. Smoking is the order of the day out there.  
I *can't* take a break from those outings right now, so if I'm quitting smoking, I'm going to have to quietly do it while I keep going about my business. I also *need* to quit right now, in part because I am a singer and have recording dates coming up in late April, and my voice is ragged. I want to be able to breathe and sing again; I'm super tired of feeling sick and smokerly. Having been on and off with cigs for the past year, I really am conscious of the night-and-day difference in my quality of life between smoking and not and I'm just tired of constantly signing a death contract. It shouldn't be so damned hard to do the things I love without simultaneously destroying myself! I've done a lot of the psychological work of quitting over the last year and don't want to lose that progress by continuing to smoke regularly.  
Anyway, I don't have too much of a problem going without nicotine for a while--for example, I didn't smoke for 4 days last week while visiting family, and it was no problem. Where I run into trouble is the minor emotional stuff that hits in weeks 2-3, and with the brain fog. Can. Not. Handle. The Brain Fog. I really need my mental faculties this month more than ever at work, so checking out mentally for 2 weeks while my brain recalibrates is out of the question. 
So--long story long, I just ordered a set of step 2 patches online. I figure they will help my voice out (coz I won't smoke), keep me from brain fog while I am weaning off and getting through this month, and stop me from relapsing when I'm out with those musicians because I'd probably get nic poisoning if I smoked with a patch on. I will cut the patches to wean off, and dump 'em as soon as I possibly, safely can.   
I know many here are anti-NRT but I have quit dozens of times and at this point I'm willing to do whatever I gotta do to get over the hump to be done with this shit.  
Wish me luck?  
  
TL;DR: Starting on patches in a day or two. Gonna be around hella smokers every night for the foreseeable future and can't take a break from that, but still gonna quit.