I've been "hovering" and just doused the remaining smokes before something stupid happens.

Hi, redditors. This amazing group has been keeping me going as imperfectly as I have been with this quit, so thank you!  
  
I quit for 7 days (partly helped by having a cold, but I already knew I was trying to quit). Then I relapsed while drinking and had one smoke. But: I got up the next morn and didn't smoke, which is huge--my morning smokes were the most addictive part for me. I haven't smoked during the day since I started my original quit, and it's amazing--I feel like a totally different person! I don't even crave during the day now!  
  
I used to chain smoke while I did creative work, and today was my first day at my studio as a non-smoker--I made it! A few cravings but I proved to myself that I CAN work without them, and effectively, so yay. One more trigger down, hopefully.  
  
I in general hardly feel like I'm craving anymore--except at night.  
Nights are way harder. I still had smokes around, because having them around was actually helping me to teach myself that I "could" have a smoke if I wanted to but that I genuinely didn't want to and that I could make my own choices. I'm sure someone's gonna harp on me for that but for me it was actually a very productive mindgame for some reason. And it allowed me to avoid the extra stress of the panic of abandonment, of being without my old "friend" cigarettes. "They're right there, so don't be stressed," I'd say. "You can smoke them if you want to, but you know you don't want to." And I didn't, so I didn't. I don't know, it worked to help me kick a whole bunch of triggers and find some self-confidence with my quit.  
 
But, as I said, nights have been weirdly MUCH harder for me. The past three nights, despite my best intentions, I've had one single smoke. One single smoke, and no smokes during the day, is still an amazing improvement, so I'm going to congratulate myself there. And I'm sure the withdrawal will be somewhat lessened by the fact that I accidentally cut down.   
  
But if I keep this up, it's gonna go nowhere good. I'm happily at the point that I have almost no cravings except at night, and I don't want it to get worse--good god, I want to just be done!  
  
I've already had a taste of what's on the other side of this: better circulation, no more pain, I can run for what seems like forever when I run in the morning, I can breathe so much better, I'm less distracted...and I'm sure it only gets better.  

So I guess I came to rant it out and say I'm pulling the trigger on my little game of cutting down. I think I've done really great so far, and now I have to do even better before I get sucked in again.  
  
Just doused the last 4 cigs I had. Not having any separation anxiety. Just ready to get the hell on with it!  
  
Wishing everyone on here good luck and strength and good health to do all the things you wanna do in this life time.   
  
edit: fixing typo.
