Day 3's kinda hard so far. But mostly life is better this way.

tl;dr: I quit. Wall of text ramble about that. Not smoking is better than smoking. 

I'm back in the quitting game, playing for keeps, and thought I'd say hello again.  
I'm one of those who has tried to quit 800000 times in the last year and a half since I started trying.  I've been really inspired by people here even as I went back and forth and back again.
I've done some pretty good on-and-off, and become a much lighter smoker over the last year, did some good emotional investigation of why I'm addicted to this thing, but pulling the trigger to quit permanently has been impossible 'til now.  
My method this time is patches, and I'm using the reddit badge for the nice self-congratulatory pick-me-up even though I'm not fully nicotine free. I have a 7mg patch (the lightest one) on during the day.   
I'm currently realizing the magnitude of my mental and emotional attachment to cigarettes, and working through it. I wasn't ever a heavy smoker ('bout 10 a day, sometimes much less), but had an intensely addictive relationship with smoking anyway.  
Whereas in previous quits I just wanted to sleep through the bad emotions of change, or just white-knuckle through it without letting myself feel it, this time I feel like: bring it on, b----h! If I cry, that's awesome. I cried hearing Bach in a bookstore last night. It was probably some emotion I was covering up with smoking for ten years. Maybe not all smokers use cigarettes this way to cover up emotions but it sure is possible.    
Smoking is one change that I think for me will be symbolic of a lot of other changes: like not wanting to be self-destructive in general, dealing with old trauma in different ways, and lots of other changes I don't know about yet. So when I think about having "just one" I am remembering it's not "just" nonsmoking that I'm cheating on, it's the whole raft of patterns I'm hoping will change now, the internal ones.  
Also I am focusing on this: yes, there is a "something missing" feeling (even with the patch). I'm on Day 3 and my day-to-day is a little annoying right now anyway and I've had a fair few cravings today. But *with* smoking there is an "everything missing" feeling: smell, taste, health, sinus function, ability to sing, breathe, feel at home in my body, my own natural rhythms, be present in what I'm doing, self-respect, etc.  
I was drinking a fair bit recently (not alcoholick-y, just kind of situational with my job) and I've stopped that, too, so things feel realllllly different this week.  
I know this is mainly just a ramble--but it's getting me through a crazy moment.  
This sub as always is the best and you all rule. I'll join ya'll in not smoking today!
