Never thought I would get this far

Ill be honest, I have tried quitting many times in the 19 years I have smoked.  The amount has varied from 1 - 2 packs a day depending on how social I had to be.  Every time I have tried, I have gone for hours to a couple days but the urge always become to much.  

Then I finally got on some good health insurance recently, and they covered the cost of Chantix 100% so I thought I should try again with some serious drugs involved.  Everything went great for the first week, just keep smoking and building up the drug.  Then came the dreaded stop smoking date...   I was excited and nervous, smoking is such a part of my life... 19 years... every day... every morning... constant companion.  It's hard to let go.   

Surprisingly the physical withdraw wasnt to terrible the first couple of days but I felt it... then I got hit with the Chantix doubly whammy, massive depression and anxiety.   I never got to the point of suicidal thoughts, but I was a miserable wreck.  I couldn't do much more than lay on the couch, eat food and fight the cravings, it was honestly kinda a form of hell, and the cravings got stronger and stronger and stronger.  

But a couple weeks went by, the various drugs including the nicotine started get out of my system it got a little better.  My brain chemistry was still out of whack, but I went to see a psychiatrist about it since I was going through a lot of change really rapidly both chemically and emotionally.  

I'm now on an SSRI, which after a week started to really help and bring me back out of the hazy fog I had been in, I'm really clear I do NOT want to smoke again, even though I am constantly fighting urges and triggers, especially after returning to work.    When I see another person smoking, I feel bad for them, but its weird being on the other side of the mirror.    

Most of all, I never want to go through the hell of quitting again, thats a hell of a motivator to stay clean and never have a puff again.  I miss it, a lot, but I can't ever do it again, not even once or I will be right back where I started.    

So how ever many days its been now, I try not to count, im still completely smoke free and every day I just ask for the strength to continue to deny that devil that is still sitting on my shoulder.