Almost two months in, low-level cravings seem to be returning

I've been noticing something recently and I'd be really interested to hear if other people have had similar experiences. 

I've been a non smoker for 59 days now and it's honestly been great. Haven't been close to a relapse so far, just been fighting back those addictive thoughts with increasing ease as they get weaker and weaker. I call my internal voice of addiction 'Gollum', because it keeps trying to tell me how 'awesome/relaxing/not that big of a deal' smoking is even though it's obviously trying to kill me (my favourite bit of Gollum logic is 'Hey, since it's been pretty easy to quit smoking, you might as well just light a cigarette if you feel like it! You can *really* quit any time you like! You are a unicorn who is immune to nicotine addiction!').

Anyway, Gollum has been getting weaker and less present pretty steadily over the past few weeks, to a point where he's almost non-existent, and when he does pop up I can just shut him down with a firm 'shut the fuck up you fucking dickhead' (internally, of course, otherwise people in the frozen food aisle would start looking at me funny).

However, in the past few days, the addictive thoughts have been returning a little bit, I think? I've had some stressfull days at work and working on my thesis. I'm noticing cravings more frequently, not necessarily stronger ones, just more of them. It's not unbearable, it's just... annoying. I don't think I'll fall for them any time soon as I'm still enjoying being a non-smoker far too much, but I'm hoping there will come a time where I won't have to deal with them anymore. I'm already stressed out, and now I have to waste all this mental energy debating my own stupid personification of my addiction. It just sucks. 

Sort of a **TL;DR**: Do you still get those weird intrusive thoughts trying to convice you to smoke again? Has there been a period in your quit where they got worse again, after the initial withdrawals? I'm really interested in hearing your stories.


P.S. By the way, thank you for all the amazing advice and support you've been posting here - I haven't posted much myself, but just reading other people's questions and advice has been so helpful. I'm really loving being smoke free, it's honestly been such an enjoyable life change and a large part of that is because of this subreddit :)

P.P.S. Sorry this is so long and self-indulgent, I guess I also just needed to get this off my chest. Thanks for letting me :)
