One year quit! Some thoughts on quitting, smoking and anxiety

Sorry this is so long! I just wanted to gather and share some thoughts I've been having recently regarding smoking and anxiety and depression. If you suffer from similar mental health problems, I hope this is somehow useful for you. 

My one year smoke free 'anniversary' was just a few days ago. With the help of this subreddit and the Allen Carr movie I watched on a dodgy streaming website I've been a non-smoker for more than a year now! Quit one day before I had to get my wisdom tooth removed, and haven't had a single puff since. I'm so happy and so proud.

The hardest thing for me was the fear. I have an anxiety disorder and also experience bouts of depression, and I could never have anticipated how easily the addiction would use those things against me. For the first month or so, I lived in constant fear of 'failing' my quit, and through the logic of addiction that fear twisted itself into thoughts of 'you might as well just start smoking again, because you'll never be able to kick the habit anyway, because you are a huge loser who fails at everything'. 

Interestingly, though, quitting has actually helped my anxiety a lot. On a physical level I feel less jumpy. I never have to be nervous about when I'm getting my smoke break, or experience the social anxiety of 'do people think I smell bad? Do they think I'm gross for smoking?' 

But it also just made me feel better about myself. My therapist told me that anxious people tend to focus only on their history negative 'failure' experiences as 'proof' of your own worthlessness. She suggested I set small, attainable goals as a way to build up more positive experiences. So when my brain starts telling me I'm horrible and I suck at everything, I can tell myself 'That's not true, and to prove it, here's a list of things you accomplished recently and did not suck at'. 

Not smoking became one of those things for me. So even if I had a horrible day - late for work, missed deadline, argument with family, panic attack, whatever - at the end of the day, I could tell myself: 'At least you didn't smoke today! So perhaps you're not as much of a failure as you think?' 

Quitting has actually been really good for my mental health. I'm way less anxious about my health and wasting money (literally burning it!), I'm way less jittery, and most importantly: I've proven to myself that I can accomplish goals, I can overcome things, I do have willpower and discipline, and I do not suck (...as much as I think I do). 

So thanks for all the help, and if you're thinking about quitting but anxious about how it will affect your mental health: please give it a shot. You'll find that smoking is a horrible coping mechanism that is actively worsening your physical AND mental health. The calmness you feel when you take that first drag of a cigarette isn't real - it only feels calmer in comparison to the nicotine craving induced anxiety you were experiencing before. Even if everything seems completely out of control or hopeless sometimes (or even most of the time), this is one thing you CAN control, one thing that can give you a bit of hope at the end of an awful day. It gave me a sense of ownership over my life that I hadn't really realised I'd lost.

TLDR: I quit smoking one year ago! It has had some unexpected but very positive effects on my mental health, including lowered anxiety and higher self esteem. 