My brain is actually justifying smoking as a logical solution to stuff going on for me, can someone talk some sense into it please?

TL;DR: having a rough time with stress and anxiety and need help in the way of a fresh perspective - something different to Allen Carr as I know all of the arguments from that book off by heart. 

I've been back at work this week after a week off, and it's just straight back into the stress and the heavy workload, and my boyfriend has also been stressed, and he keeps biting my head off. My brain keeps romanticising a smoke and remembering how it helped me break up the day - now I don't smoke it feels like one long endless day with no opportunities to step back and take 5. I seem to remember smoking on the way to visits made me less nervous, I get anxious meeting new people, clients especially. Smoking used to be my escape from social situations as I get a bit overwhelmed by spending hours at a time with a group of people. I'm stressing because my boyfriend and I aren't getting on and don't seem to have the necessary skills to just talk about it and try and work it out. 

I fucking hate nicotine, it absolutely messes with lives. I just want to get on with my life. 

I know that all of the above memories are rose-tinted and I remember a hell of a lot of awful stuff about smoking, but mostly my head has over the last couple of days told me that going back to smoking would be a completely logical thing to do. Life seemed maybe a little more straight forward when I didn't have the added difficulty of stopping an addiction. 

I'm anxious as its around the time in my quit where I've previously relapsed. A couple more weeks and it'll be the longest I've been. I'm so sure that I want to be done with cigarettes for life and I need something new to shift my perspective. 

I've reread the allen carr book recently and I know every single argument that could be presented to me here. Hell, I'm one of the many people who churns out allen carr arguments on this sub. Does anyone have anything of use that I haven't heard before? A fresh perspective please to get me through a rough spot?