La La Land

I know it’s Thursday but I’m not sure what number of days I have remained smoke free for now, hang on, I gave up on New Years Day so this must be my 12th day! Wow, I must say I’m feeling a bit better now but I still have really bad cravings, stress, anxiety, confusion, dizzy spells and I’ve developed a few mouth ulcers or cold sores whatever they are. This could be due to the amount of Tangfastics I keep eating. I could fill a nosebag with them and happily munch away all day. They are an excellent remedy to curb my cravings, the sharp pain I get as they dissolve in my mouth and irritate my mouth ulcers takes my mind off the thought of smoking!

With all the extra time on my hands and my desire to distract myself I find myself doing ‘people’ things like engaging in conversations with people who I normally ignore, like work colleagues who share the same office as me. Instead of going for a smoke break I will get up to stretch my legs and wander over to a complete stranger who has been sitting in the office for some 5 or 6 years and introduce myself.

The current topic of conversation among these strangers who occupy the same office as me is La La Land which I thought I knew everything about being so confused and dizzy all the time, but apparently it’s a film! Someone explained to me that it has won Golden Globe awards, has received 11 Bafta nominations and is tipped for Oscars.

It’s one of those big musical numbers about the life of an actor complete with heartbreaking ballads about the struggle to make it in Tinseltown. As a Cornish database administrator  I’m not sure I can identify with those universal themes! It sounds like the sort of film I will go to any lengths to avoid! It’s bound to win everything and the wife will want to see it and even if I dodge it at the cinema it’ll be on streaming or DVD and even if I avoid those it’ll be shown on a plane! This sounds like The Artist all over again! At least when I was smoking I had an excuse to get up and leave the cinema or my own front room!