Smoking is a bad friend, a toxic relationship

I can't remember where and when, but I read something how you can compare smoking (and any other addiction I guess) to a bad friend.

He lures you into this, makes you promises, 'You'll look cool (At 15, that matters) You will belong to the group. I will care for you. You are adult, you can make your own decisions of what you do and don't, who to befriend or not'

He stays with you. Always. He's loyal. He's comforting. Social, too, because he makes you meet other people when you go outside for a smoke. 

When you meet other people, he starts to be a little annoyance. They're not his friend. He wants his time with you. Alone. Like it was before. 

He starts limiting your options. Long planetravels or bustravels without your friend? You might reconsider. Hospitals? Schools? Seems your friend is not welcome there, and so are you.

It strikes then, its asocial. Your friend dictates your decisions now. You tell him It's not worth it, he's limiting your options. But he whispers in your head 'I'm here. I'm loyal. I'm the most important thing in your world'

People around you question your friend. Your family, your own goddamn wife question this friend that has been around for so long, and never gave up on you. The say he brings bad things, bad breath, impotence, cancer. You want to believe them, but the comfort of your friend is strong and not replaceable.

Even when you start coughing, your friend eases it. the pictures on sigarette packs don't alarm you, because it's not your friend that did this, or you choose not to watch. 

But you know. Your friend is an unhealthy relationship. He makes you do things you would neve choose if you were without him. He makes you stand in the rain and cold at night for him. He makes you break the law sometimes. Long time ago, you forbade your friend to come in contact with your children, and you hide him for your family. Because you know he's poison.

And in a far future, he will kil you, slowly and painfully, because that was his plan all the way. Or he may not, because he's indifferent. How can this friend be so indifferent about my health, my family, my future?

He's toxic, takes away opportunities, just because. And it whispers: 'you choose, remember? It's our little contract, signed for life. YOUR life.'

Then you want to leave this friend, but he keeps making promises 'You'll feel good, I'll comfort you, remember the good times.'

You ask for help and advice. Specialists confirm your suspicion. Your friend is NOT your friend. He's been your enemy all the way. He will make it hard on you, he'll try everything to revenge himself.

But you are strong, you have the guts, and you dump your friend. He whispers 'See you in hell, looser. You'll be back crying in NOOO time.'

And hell it is. Your friend is still in your head, whispering 'Come back. You know I can comfort you. You know it's all forgotten, it just takes one little puff.'

It takes time, you feel sick, irritated, because this friend meant life and death to you. Leaving him leaves an empty whole as big as half you existence, and nothing to fill it.

You learn to live with the emptiness, you mourn your lost friend. You eat and drink away the displeasure, you get angry for  nothing to your beloved ones. You hurt them, because they don't understand what friend you lost. They'll never understand. You feel alone.

But you persist.

And slowly, very slowly, the poisonous voice gets weaker. The cravings get less frequent. And you start noticing you become yourself a little bit more every day, week, month. 

That fucking arsehole took away your breath, your smell, your health. You notice, because it all comes back. It took away your social life. Your independence.

It strengthens you. You were right to drop this toxic relationship, it's worth it. You start feeling more free and yourself than you did in decades.

He never dies, you take him along in the rest of your life, but now YOU control HIM. 

And you never, ever smoke again.

&amp;#x200B;

&amp;#x200B;

&amp;#x200B;