Long-time listener, first-time caller: 7 days and some thoughts.

Hey team. Well, a week ago, after about 4 months of Day 1s, I had my last. Honestly, I've "quit" more times than I can even count, never getting past 30ish hours. I was finally so embarrassed and so tired and so ashamed at myself that something so stupid could outsmart me that I reached my wits end. No sweeping declarations. No ceremonial last puff. I didn't even tell my boyfriend. A week ago it was a pretty day and I got out of work early and wanted to go home and nap, rather than drive all the way out to the 7-11 to pick up my next pack. I thought it would be another half hearted attempt and I would be back after a few more hours, or a stiff drink. I never expected to get here.

For the sake of keeping myself accountable, I want to write out some thoughts I've had on my short but awesome journey so far:

1. It's...easier...than I thought it was? Which is weird to say because I've failed to quit so many times. I read Carr a year ago. I "got serious" about quitting 4 or 5 years before that. I've announced my fair share of upcoming quit dates only to let them slip by unnoticed, angry if someone reminded me.
Something insignificant clicked. I got to 30 hours and thought, well shit. I don't feel like going to the store now either, let's see how long this goes. I'm trying to live my early smoke free life without much regret, but damn I wish I dropped the pomp and circumstance 30 attempts ago - maybe the casualness of it all was what I needed all along. 

2.  Cravings come but cravings also go. I can't tell you how long I've been subbed to this community and how many times I've read to just power through, and refuse to feed that demon. It always made sense but now it FEELS RIGHT. Every time I feel a craving (only maybe a significant one once a day since after my first 48 hours) I actually have a desire to laugh. The "pain" or "loss" my body feels is now back into perspective...I've had REAL pain in my life, I've had REAL loss. Those cigarettes tricked me into thinking those pathetic pings of wanting were on the same level but Jesus shit of course they're not. 

3.  Okay it can't all be roses. My boyfriend, who I didn't even tell until day 4ish and I were bickering about something stupid and I was dealing low blows. He very kindly said "I feel like we've been arguing about stupid stuff this week and I don't want to, can we stop that please?" and I had to take a step back. While maybe I wasn't having massive debilitating cravings, it turns out the mood swings were getting to me. I'm glad he pointed it out. He's a good dude. And he's been rooting for me ever since I did finally show him my app and excitedly say "look I'm actually doing it. This time for real."  I've still been snippy, but I've been better since he pointed it out. It will pass. 

4.  Last one, this is getting long. While it's not all easy, I keep waiting for it to get HARD. On the one hand, maybe I just got lucky and had that cognitive switch that just turned me off. I know I'll have harder cravings (I haven't really had any drinks or really bad days at work since I quit, and those are my big triggers), but I've been incredibly lucky with my willpower this week. And I know each time I have a craving and beat it, my willpower is getting stronger and my addiction (physical first, mental later) is getting weaker and weaker. And yet on the other hand, I sometimes think I WANT it to be harder, to justify all those times I tried and failed. I don't want to be the person that failed something "easy," so I keep waiting for it to get tougher - like REALLY tough. On the (rare, but formidable) third hand, shit I KNOW this ISN'T "easy" so maybe I should just turn off my inner reflection and just be proud of myself for such an awesome accomplishment that I spent so much time doubting I would ever achieve. Time will tell. And honestly, at this point, none of those hands even matter. 


What matters is I quit. I'm a week into my life as an ex smoker. I'm a week into my life of freedom from the demon.  I'm a week stronger and healthier and more alive. 

I haven't posted much here - not at all before this week. But I've been subscribed for what feels like forever, and I visited almost every day and read y'all's journeys and wisdom and advice and hope, and if I get off with an "easy" quit, it's SO much because of your sharing, even to the creepy lurker in the corner you never knew was there :) thanks my dudes. I owe ya. 