Sharing some thoughts

 tl;dr : started smoking at the age of 19, quit (cold turkey) at 24 because I felt like shi2 and didn’t enjoy anything anymore, allen carr’s easy way video helped me a lot to quit. 

Heyo everyone, just writing here cause I feel like sharing some personal thoughts or experiences with you. 

Mostly the story of why I smoked, why and how I quit : 

It all started with the usual friend offering a cigarette and me taking my first puff ever. Fast forward a year later maybe I became a regular smoker. 

Used to smoked half a pack to pack a day for 5 years. I started assiociating smoking with everything I do : my morning coffee, morning walk to class, short breaks, lunch break, waiting for the bus, having a drink, breaks between every round of whatever video game I was playing, chilling at the park, my “goodnight cigarette”, etc etc etc. 

At some point I firmely believed that I couldn’t enjoy any of these things if I weren’t smoking, it would feel like I was wasting my time, and my life too, if I didn’t smoke with my coffee, waiting for the bus and all the above. 

I stopped working out during my first year as a smoker, started to go out of shape, breathing became more and more difficult. I tried to go back to doing any kind of activities many times : running, basketball, football, body pump, zumba, biking... It kept getting worse, I felt tired all the time, I’d go out of breath even trying to go up the stairs at home, running a few seconds to catch the bus. 

But I kept on smoking. I really enjoyed smoking at first, maybe the first 3 or 4 years, I don’t really remember but at some point I was smoking and feeling disgusted about the whole thing, I totally stopped enjoying the act of smoking, every cigarette I smoked made me hate it more and more. 

A month or two before I quit I started putting rules like not smoking at work all day long only to go back home and binge smoke. I tried to quit during the week and smoke only on weekends, meh. But I really wanted it to stop, I wanted to be better, feel better, breath better, live better. 

I posted many times in this subreddit, got lots of help and replies but I wasn’t ready yet, well part of was totally ready but the other part nope. 

I decided one night, while in bed, after smoking my last cigarette of the day, to watch allen carr’s easy way video, an hour long video that marked my quit date. 

I have to wake up in 5 hours for work so ama stop here. Might continue this later on...

One last thing I wanna write is if you’re a smoker and you really wanna quit, don’t take it too hard on yourself, it will come, all you gotta do is be stronger than your nicotine addiction and show it who’s the boss because you don’t need cigarettes to enjoy life. 

PMs are open for any questions or anything! 

And a big thank you for everyony in this subreddit, you guys are awesome!! 