30 Days smoke Free! What I've Learned...

I'll try to keep this brief, but today marks 30 days of a successful quit.  I haven't been smoke-free for 30 days in a very long time, and I'm pretty damn excited about it.  Here's what I've learned along the way...

1:  Something has changed this time.  My cravings are minimal and I truly have no intention of going back to smoking.  There's a connection between quitting and making up your mind to living a smoke-free life.  Make the connection early on for an easier quit.  Repeat a mantra if it helps.  I've been saying, "Not one more puff," several times per day, and it has helped a lot.

2:  Know your triggers... and stay far away from them if possible.  For example, drinking early on in my quit attempt (first few days) would've been a disaster.  However, some triggers you can't avoid.  Like putting up with your co-workers or seeing someone in a movie light up a cigarette (one of my triggers).  Have a plan for responding to those triggers.

3:  You're stronger than you think.  Determination and willpower will get you far.  If you think that you can't quit, you're wrong.  You can.

4:  Get support from everyone and everywhere.  Tell everyone about your quit.  Most people will fully support you.  I've yet to run into a single person who has tried to convince me otherwise.  Not a single person has told me to keep smoking.  Everyone (even smokers) seem more than happy to be supportive of your quit attempt.  It's actually kind of sad when someone is happy for your quit success, and they go out and light up.  There's a sense of pain in their voice as they congratulate you while they leave the room to smoke.

5:  Your withdrawal symptoms and mileage may vary.  I haven't had skin problems or bad cravings, but I have had a horrible cough and I'm still producing very hard phlegm two or three times per day.  But this too shall pass.  Some people don't cough while other people cough a lot.  I like to think that I'm one step closer to clearing out my lungs when I produce something hideous from my respiratory system.

6:  Don't wear the patch at night.  Unless you like having weird dreams, then wear the patch.  Sometimes I put it on overnight just because I know I'll have a very vivid dream.  It's like a game and to be completely honest... it's kind of fun.  Unless you have a nightmare.  Then it's scary as hell.

7:  Quitting smoking relieves guilt.  I can play with my 3 year old autistic son without the guilt of feeling that I'm not doing everything possible to try to live on this earth long enough to help him out.  Ironically, it has also made me a better parent.  I don't need to leave the room every hour to go light up.  Instead, we have some awesome play sessions now that can last for a few hours because I'm staying fully engaged with a child who can't stay engaged on his own right now.

8:  This sub is awesome.  Seriously.  From the bottom of my heart, THANK YOU!  You have no idea what it means to receive counsel and advice from people in the exact same position.

9:  Saving money is also awesome.  We have always been a little short every month for our monthly bills.  Now we have a small surplus, but a surplus is a surplus.  My app says I have saved $120, but it doesn't take into account the 2 packs I would buy when going out drinking.  It doesn't take into account the fluctuating prices of cigarettes in my area.  It doesn't take into account the fact that I may have had a really craptastic day, and that I smoked 8 cigarettes in a 30 minute drive home from the office.   I think I've saved closer to $250.

10:  Assuming time travel does exist, I often think of my future self thanking me for quitting.  I like to envision an imaginary pat on the back from a healthy 65 year old me.  Before I quit, I always assumed that I would die young.  I may still die young, but the likelihood of smoking being the root cause decreases every day.