Health benefits unreal - stay positive! A few months of pain for a lifetime of health and happiness-

Good morning all new fellow non smokers.  This is my 5th real attempt at quitting smoking and am now 21 days smoke free.  I smoked 15/20 cigs a day for 20+ years.   Using patches and feel great (other than a little itchy;)))

This time I have used health as my main motivating factor and wanted to share a few things ... I am convinced this time is for good.  

1.) my bp has went from 140/90 to as low as 115/66!!
2.) heart rate used to be 90-100 beats, now never goes above 85 and as low as 70!
3.) cardio is way easier and I am adding muscle from lifting - I workout almost everyday even if just a long walk
4.) my anxiety and depression levels were out of control and now back in check
5.) I could never sit down and relax- no problem now!
6.) sleeping better
7.) blood flow to “little guy” is way better

Countless others and it’s only day 21!

Yes it is hard.  I feel sluggish and miss my best friend (cigs and alcohol) - I quit both for now.  I can get a little bummed out, but meditate on how much better I truly feel to offset the negatives.  There are a million excuses- I get it!  But we are addicts- don’t let your mind succumb to these thoughts.  Stay positive at all costs.  Whining and bitching is weakness and does no one, especially your self any good!!!!!! 

Every time I want to smoke I read another article on the negative health benefits.  It is amazing how many vital functions in the body smoking disrupts. If you are unsure where to look just google “smoking effects on the body”. 

I have signs hanging in my house reminding me the cravings for smoking are nicotine- is a synthetic need and can/must be broken.   Also list the reasons why you want to quit.  

Hang in there is you are struggling. Find the positives. A few months of pain for a lifetime of health and happiness!!!!

If you have not downloaded an app- I recommend doing so now.  I am using smoke free but there are many others and they are free!  Free, just like we will be when we finally beat this disgusting addiction.  

If you want to chat feel free to reply.  I have throughly read on the topic of quitting smoking and will gladly share what I have learned.  

Stay strong!!! 
