I have never smoked a cigarette. It's not true, but it's my new story and superpower.

I came here to reset my badge again. On a typical Day 1 smokers admit defeat and resolve to succeed. People with better success say kind and supportive things, like how many times they failed before getting it right. It can be bleak at Day 1, with only withdrawal and cravings ahead.

But how about I take a different approach this time. Suppose I have not failed, and I don't need to quit. I don't have to make any effort at all. Suppose I am a non-smoker, always have been. Born in 1966, it has been 17,981 days without a cigarette. Sounds encouraging! Tried to reset my counter back that far but badgebot would not let me.

Denial. Smokers are victims of denial. We deny that the addiction controls us. We deny the awful consequences. But today, I will use reverse denial. I will turn the addiction's trick against itself. 

See, when I was born, I was a bright healthy young boy, and had absolutely no need or desire to smoke. Then life happened. As a 10 year old, the neighbor kid and I found a pack of smokes and matches. Thought it might be fun to try one, to look like our Dads. Now, stop. We both know what happened next - it's why I'm here. But today I am going to tell a different story. In this new story, the neighbor kid and I crushed up the pack and threw it away. 

As a teenager, cool kids offered me smokes. In my new story, cooler kids said smoking was stupid, and I hung out with them instead. At work, I was invited to join the smokers on break. The way I remember it now is that I hated the stink and politely declined. My wife was a smoker when I met her. I might have smoked just to hang out with her, but instead she quit and we live happily healthy without tobacco. I am a lifelong non-smoker. It's not true. It's reverse denial. And I'm sticking with it.

How does my story help? Non-smokers don't struggle with quitting smoking. If my body experiences flu-like symptoms for a few days, I will do what any non-smoker does, I will get on with my day. I do not have a bag of old programming in my brain that responds to stress and triggers with cigarettes. Clean slate. Over the next several days I will be chanting my new truth often, I have never smoked a cigarette. Non-smoking is as easy as breathing. I have done it my whole life. 

Reverse denial. It's a superpower. A get out of jail free card. Try it.