Trying to quit again, coming up on day 4, nervous for the weekend.

So I've tried to quit before. I was unemployed at the time and was just taking some training courses. I'm working now, and thought that I'd try quitting again. 

It actually just sort of happened, I had work at 5 am and didn't have any cigarettes in my car and was running a little late, so I just skipped out on buying some. I went the whole day with relative ease and figured why not try again. 

So now I'm just about at day 4, and have gotten used to not smoking at work. A great achievement if you ask me, considering I used to smoke a good 6-12 cigarettes daily on my way to work, during work, and on my way home from work. 

So I'm pretty glad about that. BUT.

I also play in a band. This weekend we're having a band practice in a neat little "apartment complex" like building, where we'll all usually have several cigarettes during, AND we have a show Sunday where I usually will pound a fuckin' pack in a night. Not to mention the ride up to Chicago from northwest Indiana. Then, afterwards, I'm sleeping at my girlfriend's apartment up in Chicago and I'll hang out with her and the rest of the band. 


We'll most likely be getting drunk. 

The practice and the drinking that night will be difficult, but the real challenge is going to be the show on Sunday. I normally can pound a whole pack throughout one of these nights, as I normally get nervous as hell and think that cigarettes calm me down (or something like that) all the while I'm drinking down some beers. 

I guess the point of this post is just to more or less tell someone that I'm nervous I'm going to just relapse big time this weekend, and all of my efforts will be for not. I don't want that at all. I've already removed smoking from my working environment which took will power, but I don't know if I'll be able to drink, play my instrument, play a show, hang out with a shit load of smokers, and be in the city for a whole weekend without having a single cigarette. 

I hope I can, but I'm really worried :(