Finally doing it! Day 3!

I've been slowly cutting back my smoking over the last year, working my way down to a level I felt I could quit from. I'm 28 and smoked for 12 years, as much as 2 1/2 packs a day when I was in my late teens-early 20s.

Sunday was Day 100 for one of my very best friends. I thought it would be cool for her Day 100 to be my Day 1. And I was finally ready, too. I've always heard that you can't stop smoking until you want to, and is that **ever** true. This is the third attempt at quitting I've made in the last 12 years, and it is *so* much easier this time.

Relapse is especially perilous in my situation; because of my job, schedule and friends, I spend about five nights a week in smoke-filled bars (I live in one of the few states where you can still smoke just about anywhere). As everyone who attempts to quit smoking knows, nothing gets those cravings going quite like a couple beers. And being surrounded by smokers.

So here was my plan: On Sunday I smoked my last cigarette at 9 PM. I sat down and drank three beers over the course of an hour or so. I never drive after more than two drinks, so this would force me to stay in and not go get cigarettes, while also testing myself to see if I could fight off the urge to smoke after a few beers. With a little help from my e-cig, it was smooth sailing.

The next step was going out. All of my friends always get together at the same bar to watch every OKC Thunder game, so last night I faced the ultimate test: a night out drinking with friends. Who are all smoking. I couldn't believe how smoothly it went.

Today has been the easiest yet. I barely even miss it right now. My lifestyle presents gazillions of temptations to light up, but I'm fighting them off with ease so far and looking forward to the future! My smoker's cough is gone already and I feel so energetic! I truly believe that with support from my Day 100 friend (now on Day 102), my adorable cat who hates cigarettes (she would always jump off my lap when I lit up, now she cuddles with me all day) and this community, I will finally succeed and quit smoking forever.

I didn't get my badge or post anything here until I knew I was really going to make it this time. Hopefully being a member of this sub and seeing the little number on my badge go up will help me in my quest! Maybe I'll post a pic of me and my Day 100 friend when I get my one-month badge. :) Thanks all!