Couple more hours till 3 weeks... Am both happy and sad

Hi again, 

checking in once again shortly before my next badge is due....


Am still not experiencing any (internal) problems.... cravings are not really bothering me, the few that i get are not severe. i use them as motivation. they remind me of how dependent i was. 

I do experience a lot of improvements though. Stopping Cigs/MJ (and changing my diet) did wonders for my motivation. I managed to get all the shit done that has been lying dormant for ages. I've been keeping myself occupied with a lot of sports. I can run twice the amount from 3 weeks ago without any signs of exhaustion. I do about 50 pushups daily , that's five times of what i was capable of a month ago. This is as much because of the change of diet than it is due to quitting cigs, so if you need a feel-good boost, i highly recommend a change of diet!

unfortunately i don't feel supported by my fiancee at all. My friends are mostly supporting. She rather feels threatened I think. She fears being abandoned now that I get my life on track. Yet that fear does not motivate her to consider stopping smoking or changing her own diet. Instead she lashes out at me. Somewhat. So that is hard. Feels like an uphill battle of sorts. Confronting her about it did not quite have the effect I expected (*and here i was thinking dialogue is better than keeping it in*). I am stuck somewhere between pity for her addiction and disgust at her hostility. that's a tough one to deal with. Also I feel like her smoking is slowly becoming some kind of deal-breaker to me ( I already kinda vowed to be with her in sickness and in health though, i can't take that back. but man, smelling her is , simply put, disgusting.) So any help would be greatly appreciated!

last time i quit for about 3 months and picked the habit up again "for her sake". this won't happen this time though. But i am very afraid that she isn't able to make any sacrifices in this matter - let alone supporting me at all in my decision to live a healthy life. this sucks. :(


sorry for rambling, needed to get this off my chest, you guys are great!

