Just about 100 days left to make it to a blissful, smoke-free year! Here's why quitting was the best decision of my life!

I have been a full-blown 1-pack-a-day smoker and everyday-marijuana user for nearly 10 years. I loved smoking. I loved the idea of smoking. I loved its social aspects and how easy it was to get to know strangers and whatnot. The only flaw about it? All of these claims were lies. But I did not know that back then.

Yet here I was, happily puffing my life away enjoying my life to it's fullest - at least that's what I thought. 
In reality, I was pretty miserable. Every morning I coughed my brains out. It stopped after the first coffee+cig. I was high more often than not. Not only my career took blows because of that, but my whole mental state got slowly fucked up. Again, I was totally unaware of that. After all, marijuana was the drug that made me socially functioning in the first place! It combated my light anxiety. It combated my depression. It was the sole reason I was still alive at all and I stand by that to this day. Problem is. If you do this shit every day, it eats you up. Instead of helping with my anxiety, it amplified it, suddenly I was feeling very uncomfortable and scared whenever there were many people around (think train station, the mall, etc). Instead of helping with my depression, I got to a point where I clocked hours after hours at work without getting anything done or not getting out of bed at all for weeks! Yet at no point I attributed this to smoking tobacco or marijuana, I got tricked by my brain! Even my relationship suffered. She saw how I went down the drain and there was nothing she could do to help. 

I reached my all-time low while my fiancée was away on a 6 week trip. Long story short, I got fired - or rather I was recommended to quit. Here I was, without a job, without my partner, battling depression alone during an impactful situation. That's never good. Somehow I managed to pull through thanks to my very supportive parents and friends. Somewhere in the process I stopped smoking. Totally by chance. I was at home, my cigs were empty, I could barely manage to leave the house anyway and the aspect of affording cigs in the first place were somehow in my brain as well, naturally. Suddenly 3 days had come and gone. It was then that I realized the first time that I haven't smoked at all for a few days. After a week I discovered this sub. I read many stories about success and failure. I shared my own. I got great advice on here and discovered many other places to get information from. I watched the Allen Carr EasyWay video. I spent more time outside. I started some light fitness. The first time in years I went for a jog.

And after 3 weeks the next tragedy hit me. 

Our baby cat, not even half a year old, died in an accident. My fiancée was still abroad and I let the very first being I was ever responsible for die. I was devastated. I was destroyed. I felt the worst I ever felt in my entire life. I felt responsible. Although everybody told me it was not my fault it still felt as if it was. It hurts just thinking about it, trying to remember how I felt. The important thing is, I did not compensate by smoking. I did not compensate with marijuana. Instead I relied on my friends and you guys to help me through the roughest patch of my life yet. And that worked. I am eternally grateful for that.

Time flew by quickly as I started to recover from my loss. I ate a lot more and I did a lot of sports. 1 month went by, two months.. My brain often tried to trick me. Sometimes it was hard because my fiancée herself is a heavy smoker/marijuana user and does not want to quit any time soon. It strained our relationship. Once again, through the support and advice from you guys and my friends I managed to pull through.

Christmas came and went, suddenly it was 2015. I had a new job and got a new hobby in the process (fitness). Doing sports is a natural antidepressant so my general mindset greatly (and I mean **GREATLY**) improved. As did my physique. I was in control of my life for the first time ever. I felt unbeatable. I tried to give back as much as I could on here.

Now it has been nearly 9 months. I look the healthiest I ever looked. I definitely look the sexiest I ever looked, hahaha. I decide which way my life goes and feel ready to take on any crisis life throws my way. I feel more like a grown-up now and less like a child with more responsibilities than I can handle. All of this thanks to an arbitrary decision I made some time last fall. All of this was possible because I took quitting as an opportunity. I understood it - at least at some point - as a tool to turn my life around. None of this would have been possible if I felt like quitting was some kind of punishment, or like giving up a great privilege or whatever. So I guess the most useful tips I can give you are these:

* Rely on this community and positive friends
* Understand the potential of quitting.. Your quit is a fantastic opportunity to take control of your own life!


Thanks again friends! I see you at the 1 year mark! :)