First quarter of a 100 days ...... 25 days!

Or the first half of 50 days.
Or 5 Mo-Fr working weeks.

Over 500 Cigarettes not smoked.
About 50 € saved. Double that amount if you count cannabis investment.

This is the first true milestone I really feel!


 I've been running this morning (one of my new habits is running every 2nd morning), and I managed 2.5 km... Double the amount of what I was capable of last week! And it fits the theme of 25! Fate strikes again! 

Also by now I do 100 push-ups daily. 4 x 25 over the course of the day. I haven't been this fit since I was 16 years old (2 years prior to picking up smoking)

To say I don't get cravings would be a lie (especially if someone in the vicinity is smoking THC) but they are *very* manageable. And I still use them to my advantage... Whenever the cravings come it is the starting signal for some kind of sports-activity. *Even if it is just doing 20 jumping jacks secretly in the company bathroom.*

So yeah basically I replaced my smoking habit with a sports habit. Definitely the way to go for me... I highly recommend this approach!

Typing all of this out actually makes me realize how much my life has changed over the course of the last couple weeks. All for the better.

It is not all sunshine and rainbows though. Dealing with my SO's habit still is hard, but less hard. We had another talk and it actually went pretty well. I think my motivation is starting to rub off on her. I get a lot of weird dreams about her though. Also I lost touch with some of my closest friends. They live the life I had 4 weeks ago... Living at the computer, gaming, smoking MJ, all day every day. Except for the weekends where they get shitfaced. This is no company I want to keep anymore. It still hurts seeing this break apart, with neither side trying to keep it together. weird. Luckily that only applies to some of my friends, others are really supportive (funnily enough **every single one** of my friends is a smoker, we are truly mirroring the company we keep!) - summed up my social life feels a little cloudy. I am looking forward to the new bonds I will tie (starting in November probably, when the fiancée and I will participate in a yoga-course!) 

All in all I am still convinced that quitting (for good) was the best decision I ever made. Paired with all the other lifestyle changes (especially the healthy diet) I just feel so so sooo much better. Life finally has purpose again.

I plan on doing a vlog about quitting as soon as I hit the 1 month mark... If you guys appreciate this kind of content I will gladly share it on here!

Will check in again next time on monday with the 4-weeks badge!