About I year ago, I smoked my last Cigarette. Let me tell you, there are better ways to do it than the way I did. (Kinda unnecessarily graphic story ahead)

So, at this point last year, I unintentionally smoked my last cigarette. I just didn't buy a new pack after the last one. But that's not what stopped me. One night, last year, I noticed a little bump on my upper leg a bit too close from my nutsack. However it was only the size of a small grape at the time. I've had small abscesses there before and dealt with them just fine.

This one reacted different. It grew and grew really fast. In fact, in 5 days it went from a small grape to the size of a mango bigger than my hand. I went to the ER to get it drained and they told me I needed surgery. They transfered me to a hospital that my insurance agreed on, and pre-op was the last thing I remember.

I woke up 4 days later after 2 surgeries and the installation of a wound-vac. I remained in the hospital for an additional 8 days and had a third surgery during that time.

After being discharged, I had to stay at my parents' house for the next 2 months, take a medical leave at work, and get regular home nursing every few days to change out my  wound-vac dressing.

Now, I've always made it a point to never smoke around my family. And the time I was in the hospital, I was pretty much bed-ridden with the exception of physical and occupational therapy(I did have atrophy in my legs). So last summer was the first summer in decades that I didn't have one cigarette.

I just never picked up again, since. I decided that while I was lying in the hospital with my family constantly by my side, I didn't want cigarettes ever again. I didn't want the constant coughing, the smell of burnt tobacco on me, the constant gagging, nicotine headaches, the almost daily $6-$7 lost to cigarettes, the constant debate of "what do I need more; cigarettes, food, or gas?" etc.

I literally just stopped. I told my brother that it was like a switch in my head. My friends who I used to smoke with still smoke and it honestly doesn't bother me. I don't crave it. In fact, I gave all my smoker friends the same lecture once, "If you want to quit, remember, there are better ways to do it than I did."

I let them smoke during their usual triggers, after a meal, before getting into the car, right before we go into a restaurant, etc. because I know those triggers. I know what they're going through and I know what's going on in their heads.  However, I refuse to force them to quit. They have to want it all on their own.

So if you're struggling, don't quit trying to quit. But when you do quit, don't make it a big deal. Don't give in to the social stigma that it's the most difficult thing in the world to quit smoking. In fact, it was months before I told my non-smoker friends that I quit smoking. Don't get me wrong, I'm proud of that accomplishment, but I'm treating it like it was meant to happen.

So guys, there are a myriad of ways to quit, out there. Stick to one. And make it yours. No one has to know, and you don't need recognition for it. Just do it.

TL;DR: you don't have to spend 12 days in a hospital to quit. there are better ways to do it than I did.