I want to end this nightmare today

So, here are the facts: 
24, female, been smoking for 10 years now. I always smoked much - 20 cigarettes a day at least. Well, I consider that "much". 
I've been wanting to stop for a long time now, but I always had the illusion that I'd smoke because I enjoyed the taste of cigarettes. 
I needed to read Allen Carr's Easy Way to realize that this is just an illusion. He nailed it with the following fact: What would a smoker do if the only tobacco he is used to wasn't available and he could only smoke another brand that he finds disgusting? He'd smoke it nevertheless. That's a simple thought, but it helped me understand that I am addicted. The whole book revealed to me that this is an addiction that works just like an alcohol addiction or any other. I always knew that - but now I FEEL it. 
My life was pretty shitty until I met my boyfriend one year ago. This has been the best year of my life, and the first time that I've got plans for my future that motivate me. I am very happy. I always wanted to be a nonsmoker, but being so happy with my life now makes me so conscious about the dangers of smoking that it is horrifying. I lie in bed at night thinking about future scenarios where I've got two little children and die due to cancer. I always feared death very much, but it has gotten much worse. When I watch my cats sleep, I often wonder what would happen to them if I died. 
Well, smoking kills, it kills the only body we have. We should be thankful for every breath that we take, we should embrace the beauty of life. I'm obviously getting a little cliché right now, but this is just my main reason for quitting.
So... We had our one year anniversary yesterday and I told him that my present for him is that I'll stop smoking today and that I'll put every effort into it. The coolest buyable present can't compare to eliminating the biggest risk for our future. 
This one cig that is supposed to be my last is waiting for me in the kitchen and I'm going to smoke it before we go to sleep. 
The next days will be hard, but I've attampted to stop several times already and I know that the first days aren't the hardest for me. I usually gave up after 3 smokefree weeks. However, I'll keep coming back posting how it's going in the next days. Any help or advise is always appreciated.
Thank you for reading so far and good luck to you.  