14,5 hours and i'm alone AND FCKNG ANGRY

i had made plans for quitting on august, 1st because my boyfriend was supposed to leave home for work for one week. i love him, but being with myself for the first days of quitting would be much easier for me. 
but his job was called off yesterday and he stayed home. i decided to quit nevertheless cause i had been preparing for this date. 

but now it's 1000 times harder BECAUSE HE FREAKS ME OUT SOOO MUCH !! 
he's a lucky nonsmoker and has the less addictive personality that ever has existed, so he can't comprehend what we're all going through at all. 

we haven't seen each other today yet but we were chatting while university/work and HE DIDN'T THINK OF ASKING ME HOW I'M DOING AT LEAST ONCE. it's 5pm and he's been awake since 9am. i told him a 100 times that i need him to be supportive because otherwise his ignorance is making me so fucking angry that it gets a million times harder to quit. 

now, that's what i figured. i'm much more debating with myself about changing the date of quitting than i would if i was alone. that's what i think at least. of course this could only be a trick of my brain but honestly, i'd still be pissed off by his ignorance if i was smoking one now. i'm easily pissed off and i hate ignorance. 
i've already quit one year ago and that was much easier. i was on my own and could do whatever i wanted whenever i wanted. now there's him all the time (we're at home much), wanting to do xyz or saying stupid things or just not caring about my fucking cold turkey quit. last year i just decided to quit. this time with him at home it find myself postponing the date again and again. 

besides, there's no one celebrating with me and that makes me sad. i don't have any friends atm. my mum's like "ah you finally managed? well, let's see whether you'll pull it off this time" and again, he's just fucking ignorant and only asking because he thinks i want him to ask. but i want him to care, not to just ask. i don't need to be asked by someone who doesn't fucking care. 
i know i'm quitting for myself but damn. would be much easier if i had some positive support in my life. 