To everyone just starting out discouraged because you've read that even long-term quitters still have cravings

Hi /r/stopsmoking, my favorite subreddit.

So, I've seen this line of thinking a lot on this subreddit, especially from smokers in the very early stages of quitting. When you're fighting those monster cravings during the first week, the idea of those cravings being permanent can seem really discouraging. But here are a few things that you should keep in mind:

1) At some points, cravings become anti-cravings. When you're just starting out, seeing someone else light up might give you a super strong craving. A few weeks in, it still might, but it also might gross you out. I'm still an early quitter, but I LIKE seeing people smoke. Why? Because I usually don't have cravings, and it's a strong reminder of what I've done and how my mindset has changed. It's almost like a reward for quitting or a little motivation boost when times are tough. Whatever it is, it's NOTHING like the first week.

2) Cravings become more and more infrequent. I'm sure you know this, but I'd like to emphasize that it's really noticeable. A few weeks in, I often forget all about cigarettes for hours and hours at a time. For longer-term quitters, it's even more infrequent.

The most important point, however, is that:

3) The cravings you get after having quit for several weeks are NOTHING  like the cravings during the first few days. Those are the types of cravings that prevent you from thinking about anything else, take over your mind, give you a tight feeling in your throat/chest, feel like they last forever, etc. Nowadays, 99% of my "cravings" are like "oh, a cigarette would be nice now, but I can take it or leave it."

Takeaway point: All cravings are not made equal. If you can survive first-week cravings, you can survive any craving after that.

I just wanted to give a heads up. Also, keep in mind that I haven't even made it two months. I'm sure there are more experienced quitters who have a much better idea of what I'm talking about.