I relapsed and ran away from this sub. It's time to get serious about quitting again.

Hi everybody. I'm glad to be back on reddit's best sub. Not sure if anyone remembers, but I was once an active poster here, sharing my experiences with quitting and trying to encourage new posters to join me. A part of me was almost too embarrassed to use my old username, as I'm ashamed of my relapse. But if I can't be honest to strangers on the internet, then I sure as hell can't be honest to myself.

A few months ago, at about two months in, I thought I had it under control. I was honestly living a quitter's dream--for days at a time, I would totally forget that I had ever been a smoker. Cravings were honestly a biweekly affair, and I couldn't envision any reason I would relapse again. I stopped posting here and helping new users (big mistake), and I became complacent in my recovery.

Fast forward a few weeks: one day, I receive news that I hadn't been selected for two major scholarships that I badly needed, and my former friend takes her own life. I'd like to say that I went and impulsively bought a smoke, but that would be a lie. I thought about everything that happened, felt bad for myself, and consciously made the decision to have a smoke. Everyone here knows what happens when a former addict decides to have "just one" cigarette. Right now, I'm smoking at least 2-3 cigarettes or more a day, and I'm hitting an e-cigarette the rest of the time.

I want to be done with all of it. I'm under a ton of stress, but then again, I always am. I'd like to pretend that this isn't a good time to quit, but again, I'd be lying. There's never a "perfect" time to quit. Tomorrow, I'm throwing out my e-cig and my lighter, and I'm going to grit my teeth and try to get through this again. No, it will not be fun--no matter what Allen Carr says, the first few days WILL be unpleasant, but I've been through worse before, and I'm utterly sick of this garbage.

I just messaged the badgebot for a reset. I'm not going to dwell on the fact that I would have been very close to six months. That's in the past now, and I can only look forward.

In closing, fuck cigarettes, fuck nicotine, and thank you to this great community. Tomorrow, I'm going cold-turkey again, and I'd appreciate any help I could get.