No Such Thing As Just One

Been thinking a lot about my own relapses today, after a couple posts from folks who either relapsed or were severely tempted. And as per usual, all the regular thoughts rolled into my head about having one, it wouldn't be so bad, I've earned it, etc. But I had a realisation I wanted to share with all of you.

There isn't "no such thing as just one" because addiction will scupper our best intentions! There's no such thing as just one, because we HAVE NO GOOD INTENTIONS. Just picture it; you cave, smoke one, and despite all the naysayers, you don't relapse. You feel fine. You go for 1 year, no other smoking, no other desire. Perfect!

But then you remember. You remember how you smoked one, just that one time, and it was fine. Sure would be a trip to do that again, huh? Just one! (that's two if we're counting, and we are). So you do it again. Still fine. Another year passes.

.... I hope you all can see where I'm going with this. Just One is impossible, not because it literally could not be done, but because literally nobody *wants* to smoke just one! Not for long. Not for ever. We either have to do the hard work of admitting we lied to ourselves for years, and deconstruct all of our positive associations with cigarettes because they were nothing more than justifications we used to lie to ourselves with, until we never DESIRE to smoke one again. Then we will truly be free!

But smoking Just One, even if it's only 10 Just Ones over the course of a decade? Sounds like pure torture to me. Sounds like, giving ourselves a taste of the old lie. Sounds like failure to grow and learn from our experience. I realise that besides the benefits to health, wealth and happiness, what I want more than anything is to escape the lie.

I don't want to be someone who does irrational, harmful things against their best interest, against their life experience, without even being prompted. The thought scares me. I hope none of you do, either! So let's all just say it one more time....

There's No Such Thing As Just One