Quit on Monday, smoked last night

Spent a week learning the true nature of my addiction.

Smoking has ruined my sleep for ten years (studies show that nicotine withdrawal while asleep reduces the restorative effects of sleep).

Smoking has aged my hair and skin (I am only 28 but have weathered skin, wrinkles, huge bags under my eyes & thin weak hair that is losing its colour already).

Smoking has devastated my levels of energy and made a failure of many, many plans that required effort, ranging from socialising (easier to stay in and puff away the loneliness) to advancing in work and personal hobbies like writing music to improving my physical fitness and physique.

Smoking destroyed my sense of smell and taste buds, making it all too easy to gorge on junk food instead of learning to cook proper meals from real ingredients. Stuffed my face and feel disgusting? No worries, a cigarette will give me a false sense of contentment.

Smoking has made me selfish and irritable by raising my stress levels (been anxious and prone to depression since childhood, starting to smoke at 17 initially made me feel cool and accepted and bolstered my confidence - used to taste great, too! - but now, ten years later, I see that I view extended interactions with other people as stressful and deleterious to my enjoyment of an evening. I prefer to be alone and consume substances that give me artificial satisfaction, like cigarettes, booze, weed and delicious food products).

Smoking has caused me to view myself with low regard, as a fiend who cares not for the bigger picture or eventual reality of his situation but wastes money and time procuring and consuming a dangerous chemical to appease himself temporarily.

Smoking ruined my sex drive, and the lowered circulation had a bad effect on the working of my sexual organs. I'm sure I'm leaving something out.

What's truly incredible is how all of these negative effects, which studies have shown are directly caused by smoking tobacco, join hand in hand with each other. The complete picture is a stark reality for anyone who recognises themselves in the depiction: a prematurely aged individual, out of shape, with low energy, high stress, poor self image, low self confidence, anti-social, reeking, furiously working to repress the growing realisation that there is a key to unlock which would knock down these unappealing traits like a row of dominos.

And of course the key is the blindingly obvious fact: that person needs to QUIT SMOKING.

I have quit before, and smoked very infrequently when I first began. However at the height of my smoking career I'd go through a small pouch of tobacco every two days or so. Yes I roll my own, I'm cooler than you (and my lungs reaped the benefits of foregoing filters). I have quit entirely two or three times, for up to 3 - 4 months at a time, and the days of such heavy use are long behind me (I am counting on this tapered exposure to nicotine to make going cold turkey bearable). I resumed smoking because I was complacent: I didn't do any work to mediate other negative factors in my life i.e. be proactive in pursuing a proper diet, exercise, working to lower elevated stress levels in other ways, etc. And, I felt confident that because I had managed to quit I could easily do so again.

So after finding this reddit, and whyquit.com, I educated myself, gained a little perspective, and resolved to make Monday my last day as a smoker following a period of allowing myself only one per night. I tossed my rolling tobacco in the trash.

Three nights later, I fished it out (even though I had taken the precaution of emptying the pouch so that it spilled all over the rubbish in the trashcan). I inspected the tobacco dubiously - as though there was any chance at this stage I would not smoke it due to its state! - and proceeded to smoke it. Oh well, I'm only human, I told myself. I can take this humiliating experience and use it to add to my drive for quitting tomorrow. THIS is now my final cigarette!

An hour later I was digging back through the trash for more.

But I haven't lost hope, and neither should anybody reading this who recognises themselves in my description. I was moved to post here to add accountability to myself, and to potentially inspire others the way I have been inspired by the posts on here and whyquit.com (that website isn't paying me by the way, just a great resource with really long, descriptive articles to read that will psych you up to make the change).

During the three days this week that I was quit, my experiences with nicotine withdrawal made a powerful impression on me. On Tuesday, I took myself out for some mexican food and stuffed my face, telling myself it was my reward for quitting. I drank heavily that night and mixed wine, beer and liquor, the aim being to get myself into such a stupor I didn't care about the withdrawal. This was futile. I was craving a smoke so badly I could not sleep at all throughout the night, and no level of inebriation dulled the insistent desire gnawing away at my insides.

Wednesday I was obviously a wreck, hungover and exhausted, and just glumly consoled myself with salt, sugar and fat. At night I sat on my sofa in agonising indecision, trying to find some rationalisation to smoke. I had to leave my apartment and go to the university library to read articles and posts related to quitting. At least sleep came easy; I was completely drained, emotionally and physically.

On Thursday when I woke up, it did not happen as it usually did. Instead of slowly becoming aware that I was no longer dreaming and feeling stiff and groggy and muggy and muddle, my eyes snapped open at a reasonable hour. My first feeling was not depression or bitterness at having to get up and go out in the world and continue suffering this existence, as it usually was, but rather bright, hopeful optimism.

All throughout the day I surprised myself with how interested I was in conversing with others, and found myself going further than usual in my comments and enjoying the effects (instead of trying to get out of conversations and fearing judgement for my statements). A sad story I read brought a tear to my eye, and I was shocked to realise I had felt very numbed for a long time and couldn't remember the last time that had happened. Plans long neglected occurred to me again, and I entertained thoughts of them with enthusiasm. I felt lots of physical energy, and reduced breathlessness after a briskly paced walk. (I also found my sex drive spiked, and some non-risque images of attractive women made me uncomfortable in my shorts at work. !) Most importantly, I felt good about myself. I felt the worst throes of addiction were over, that I had conquered something many people had failed at (including my parents, friends and co workers) and that I deserved my new found buoyancy, optimism and sunny outlook.

Of course, the beautiful dream was over that night, as I pawed through garbage like a starving raccoon. This morning my body ached and I felt like I was living in a fog once again. But I learned something directly I had not before: that all the benefits of stopping smoking are REAL, they are tangible and I can have them with just a little (okay, a lot!) of hard work and discipline. The healthy, satisfied life I owe myself is close enough that I can reach out and touch it.

Love and peace to everyone reading this - if you made it to the end you have the patience of a saint! - and wish me luck everyone, as I resolutely refuse to expose myself to the horrors of an expensive, debilitating, nauseating and disgusting drug addiction.

Once more unto the breach....