my story and what's helping me...mostly

Almost at 5 days. On my own accord.

I've quit while on bedrest post surgeries, but started up again as soon as I was allowed to move. Dummy. I quit while in Basic Training but started again as soon as I got to AIT and could find a way to hide from the Drills. Addicts. 

I have an inner ear disorder and have been dizzy as crap for about a year now. I've had 2 surgeries, which have been very stressful, and I tried to quit, would get really dizzy, freak out, and give in. I rationalized that I would quit smoking when I wasn't dizzy any more. Then, fall allergy season started and for the first time in years, my asthma started acting up. In the meantime, I'm making plans to train for a half marathon after I get not dizzy. Making plans to train for a half marathon while smoking with aggravated asthma. What in the freaking freak am I thinking?

So I finally got it together and told myself I have to do this. I put them down last Saturday, but then my in-laws, who smoke like chimneys came over. I did pretty well until I realized my husband had been sneaking smokes with his dad in the garage. I caved. I only had 5 that day, to my credit. (So I'm still counting that day as a half quit day)

These past few days have not been easy. I'm tired. Exhausted. But my mood is actually a little bit better and I think...maybe...perhaps...my dizziness got a little bit better since I haven't been smoking. 

I'm using the lowest mg patch and the lowest mg lozenge together. I have an e-cigarette for emergencies. 

BTW- Target patches, lozenges, and gum are the best generics there are. I think they're better than the name brands. 

I've gotten used to not having the first in the morning. That was the hardest in all my other quit attempts. I'm out the back door before I can hardly get pants on. I sleep with my patch on and keep a tube of lozenges on my nightstand. I pop one as soon as I open my eyes. That helps. 

I've figured out that eating sweets is a trigger. So, hey, a little less concern about getting fluffy! Yay!

If I eat too much at dinner, I'm at my weakest. So I eat less. Again, less concern about getting fluffy!

After dinner is still hard, regardless. It's just harder if I eat too much. 

Taking my dogs out to go potty is rough too. I always smoked when I took them out. And they look really confused that I'm not smoking. Their cue to come back in has always been when I put out my cigarette. So now I chew gum when I go out with them and throw it in the trash when it's time to come back in. I think they're figuring it out. 

Here are a couple of other things that have helped me:

Orbit and 5 gum: they open almost like a pack of cigarettes. When you pull out a piece of gum, I swear it sounds like pulling a cigarette out of a fresh pack. I chew until the new taste is gone, then spit it out. This helps when I'm really jonesing at work. I can step out back, chew my gum, and go back in. It's about the same amount of time it took me to smoke. 

Lip gloss (not so much for you fellas- sorry!): lip smackers roll on and lip smackers Minnie Mouse lip glosses are the best. The wand lip glosses are sort of cigarette shaped, so I hold one in between my fingers like a cigarette when I'm driving. 

Flavored toothpicks: hella cheap on amazon! I use these when I'm doing something outside that I would usually do with a cigarette. 

So... almost 5 days without a gun to my head. Fingers crossed I keep it up!

