11 days free, psych ward, relapse, back again!

I am 33 years old and have been smoking 1/2 to 1 pack a day since I was 18. I read Allen Carr's EasyWay and went 11 days cold turkey and was pretty surprised how easy it was. Cravings were there, but not the worst, physical symptoms were nearly non-existent. I was recently put on Effexor ER for depression/anxiety, and as with most anti-depressants, it got far worse before it is going to get better. I quit ciggs a few days after I started the Effexor and was doing good. Friday I ended up having a mental breakdown and made some suicidal remarks to my family. I then shut my phone off and took off driving for 3 hours. When I got back to my place I went straight to sleep. I was awoken 2 hours later with 2 flashlights in my face, cops! Really good guys actually and I am thankful. I was at the psych ward until Saturday morning and was discharged. I made it through Saturday but was broken by my actions. Sunday night I caved and bought a pack. I finished the last one about an hour ago. I threw out the empty pack, my lighter and am ashamed of myself. For 36 hours I relapsed. My parents were even happy I did, even though they are highly against smoking. They figured it was better than me going insane and killing myself. I put everyone through hell, including myself. I am in therapy and will be addressing this with my therapist today. I will also be re-reading EasyWay as it really helped me for those 11 days. My new goal now is to beat that. I have browsed here long enough to know that I should not feel shame in relapsing, but that this is part of recovery. I am sad that this happened though, but feel weak. I need support bad, from all of you, from this community. I overcame alcoholism in July 2014 and never touched a drink since, THAT I am VERY proud of. I am coming up on 4 years this July free from the alcohol that nearly killed me. Ciggs is super easy in comparison, but because it is the demon I now face, it is a bit overwhelming. I have high hopes though. I have a wonderful girlfriend who is extremely supportive. I don't work at the moment as I did extremely well hodling bitcoin since mid-2015 and Ethereum since late 2015. I am financially stable, have my own place, and my depression/anxiety got to be too much at work, so I left. I have way too much time on my hands now though, so I am looking to get back into some kind of routine. I am on the Autism Spectrum, so routine is huge for me, while change is brutal. I suffer terribly most days, mentally. People think money is the answer to everything, so did I. I was homeless for the good part of 2014, the alcohol getting far worse at that time. I know what being 100% broke is, with nothing. I also know what it's like to have loads of income. It is nothing. With mental instability, all the money in the world means nothing. Just more stress really. I have a lot going for me though, it's just mentally I am struggling very hard. I have to keep moving forward though, and although I stumbled along the way this time, I have to pick myself up and keep moving. There is no room for weakness. I want to get married, I want to have a job, I want structure &amp; routine. Mostly though, I want understanding. I am very different than most people, and because of that people look down on me. I don't like that feeling. So I am here, looking for mental support in my continued quest for freedom. I don't want to smoke anymore, my girl doesn't want me to, nobody does. You all know the deal though, it's rough, especially with Autism/Anxiety/Depression. So please, everyone, lend me your support! I would love to hear your stories as well. Anybody else here suffer from mental conditions? How do you cope? Do you take meds, if so, have they helped? Your stories are all unique and inspiring, and that is exactly what I need now. Please. Much love to you all! To my 2nd day 1 of not smoking, cheers!