5 days in and it’s never been easier!!

This is the umpteenth time I’ve quit smoking since I started at 20 years old (38 now).  This has been the easiest time...except for the first 2 days when I thought I may have to be committed to a mental health institution...but I’m going to chalk that up to the fact that I decided to quit on the same day that Aunt Flo came to visit this month (sorry fellas!) Everyone thought I was insane for doing that but I said that I wasn’t going to buy another pack of smokes after I finished my last one in that pack and I stayed true to it! The things that have made this easier this time around are:

1) I actually told my kids—they have begged and begged and cried and cried for mommy to quit. Other times I attempted to quit, I wouldn’t tell them because I didn’t want to break their hearts if I ended up failing. Well the second I told my kids this time around, they were so happy and excited and dog piled me with hugs. That alone has made this process so worth it! Any cravings I’ve had, I just remember that moment and the craving goes right out the window! There’s no turning back because I will never let my babies down and I want to live a long life for them! I realize now that I wouldn’t tell them when I quit in the past because I knew I wanted to at some point start smoking again...I wasn’t ready to make the full commitment.

2) I drank the first night I quit...and the second and the third lol I love my vino and it usually goes hand in hand with smoking. I’d come home from what I thought was such a long miserable day of work and pour myself a glass of wine and go outside to smoke—even when it was below zero and windy as hell outside! Everyone always says they had to stay away from things that made them want to smoke like drinking alcohol, but I knew that if I did that, it was just going to make me want to smoke the minute I did drink again. So I drank my vino and by the third evening, I realized that i wasn’t having long miserable days at work—I just couldn’t wait to come home and drink my wine and smoke my cigarettes and my “long days” at work were getting in the way of that relationship! Lol now I leave work happy and feeling great, stress free—my days at work actually feel short now, which is weird!! 

3) The SmokeFree app— I love being able to track my progress and see the $ I’m saving and see the comparison of cravings I’ve had everyday. Today is Day 5 and I’ve had 1 craving and it was so mild and short-lived that I almost didn’t record it.  I love seeing all my levels going back to 100% and nothing was better than when the app showed me that I was nicotine free! I chose to start a Christmas Fund for my kids from the $ I’m saving, so at the end of every week, I’m going to put the money saved that shows up in my app into the bank account I opened for the Christmas Fund :)  On Day 5 of any other time I’ve tried to quit, I would still be a whiny, “woe is me”, cranky little baby who wanted everyone to feel bad for her....to the point where they would tell me to just smoke again. This time, I’m on cloud 9 and feel like I am finally free from being a slave to nicotine and to the tobacco industry!  

