It's day 287, and I lost my mother on day 270.

My mother died two weeks ago, I found her struggling to breathe in bed after returning home from work, she died in front of me and family less than 24 hours later from pneumonia and septic shock at just 59 years old, leaving me (24) as the guardian of my little brother, 12.

But, despite all the dream-like days that have passed in a blur, despite the pain, the shock and the grief, despite the stress of cleaning her room and beginning to tackle her affairs, despite the complication of her estate and papers, despite going through the grating formailities of registering the death, calling all her employers, mailing every institution, telling every friend and relative, and most of all, informing my little brother that mum would be dead within hours at the hospital, I have not smoked.

I'd like to say I was brave, I'd like to say I wrestled with the urge and conquered the nagging voice that would make me want to do nothing but sit, smoke and drink.  (I'd even like to say my mothers own 20-a-day habit killed her, at least there would be something to blame, not 'the silent killer' as they call pneumonia) - but the truth is, I just haven't wanted to.

Through it all I have watched family members drink themselves silly, smoke themselves hoarse after quitting recently and do stupid things with their money in grief, though the thought of me returning to that filthy habit never once worried me. 

Probably because I knew it would be a farce to do so: a few seconds of light-headedness when I needed clarity, coughing, wheezing and shortening my life span when I now have a sole dependent, a careless waste of money when every penny will now count.

I guess what I'm trying to say is, keep on keeping on.  It was horrible at first, and something like this may come along to royally fuck up your life, it *does* get easier, the cravings *do* dissipate, the willpower *will* overcome urge, you *will*, if your experience is like mine, reach a plateau when you could never consider smoking again, and find yourself truly believing it.

Be strong friends, I've thought about you all a lot recently.

