One year!

Hey all, it's been a while since I checked in.  I finally crossed the big milestone I've been looking forward to, the smiley flair!  I was a smoker for 13 years, so I thought I'd summarize and share a bit of my experience for the recent or soon-to-be nonsmokers.

I tried many times to quit smoking, but this successful one was a combination.  I was on the patch (step one) for ten days, and it was very effective, but I decided I didn't want to drag it for out nine weeks.  So I took the patch off and never replaced it.  That was my last nicotine--I went cold turkey from there.

Withdrawals from the patch really didn't hit hard until the second day without it, peaking on day three, just as most people here will tell you.  It is just as many people will tell you, day three was absolutely the worst.  Headache, sweating, couldn't concentrate, etc.  I was miserable.

I see comments occasionally saying that, if you can make it past day three, you are through the worst of it.  While technically true, it is a little bit misleading and potentially harmful to others who are just beginning.  **Day three is the worst for many people, but day four is not magically better.**  I always had it in my head that if I made it to day four, suddenly I'd have no cravings and I was golden.

Not so much.  Each day, for several weeks after the worst day, was only a marginal improvement for me, if any.  And I had days where I felt like I was getting worse.  That's perfectly normal and part of the "panic" from addiction.

After several weeks, the physical cravings really began to calm down, and it became a psychological effort. After a few months, it really set in that I was winning.  Still a fight, but winning.

So after my first year, I can honestly say I still love the smell of smoke.  I still have a fleeting thought that I could go for one.  It's more nostalgia than anything, and it doesn't bother me anymore.

For all of you just starting out, or in the thick of it right now, keep it up! I promise, it really does get better.  I went through a few weeks of hell just like you.  You may think a week, a month, or a year are too long and that you can never do it.  Time passes whether you quit or not, so it's up to you if you will be a smoker a year from now.

**TL;DR: I quit, the process sucked and took much longer than I thought, it doesn't suck now**

I'm happy to offer advice or answer questions, especially for those who want to quit or just started.