Thats it and i thought it will be harder. One month wooohoooo!

Hello guys, im really happy that i found this sub, when ever i had little craving i would visit, read, tried to help and motivate. I learned so much here, but mainly that people are great, even "anonymous" New non-smokers, its really amazing and its nice to be a part of such community. I think they should print r/stopsmoking on the ciggarette packs, would be more helpful . Thank you for everything. 

Anybody who is still hasitating to recover from this nicotine habit should do it, its really to this date one of the Best decisions in my life. Recovering gave me boost in confidence, self respect, sleeping better, not worrying if ill damage my health by it, not being controled, im less depressed and when im, it lasts much shorter durations, i find solutions quicker to problems im facing. I could go on and on, overall my mind is much clearer and body cleaner. 



If you are curious how it all happened ill write it down. 

I broke up with nice gal. I was sad, depressed etc... 
I would think to myself, im gonna smoke more to show everybody (no body cares :D) how i hate life and destroy myself faster. But i did opposite, i stopped. 
At that day i listened to audio book The present moment by Eckhart Tolle, it opened my eyes, He described thoughts as being things from outside world, not mine. And i was like Ha! So the thoughts that i want to smoke are actually addiction talk. It was like founding Holly grail. 


After six days i found the sub, read it every day, seen Allens Carrs Method about quitting and read Freedom from nicotine, the Journey home by John Polito. This material gave me further understanding about nicotine thoughts and its addiction overall. So when ever i had craving i knew its not me and i rationalized the thoughts with things i learned. Finally i came into understanding that knowledge is power.

As day passed i went with friends drinking, went with smoking friends etc... I was trying to not give myself anxiety before i went outside, so when the situation came it was really easy to fight the cravings... 


Well thats about it i think... Month passed very quickly when i look back, i feel great, proud and today already tired cause it was rollecoaster of emotions and i didnt even think about ciggs.
Thank you for reading. :) Be proud, stand tall and never give in. Happy another non smoking day to everybody! 