Well i caved hard. Dont read this if u have hard time urself.

But i dont want to talk about it in general...



I would be glad if anybody could read it or give me some answers.



I dont even know where to start, i feel like mess, i dont really know what to do in life in general, i read about, watched alot about Eckhart Tolle, watched Allan Wats, but in the end im confused to some point.
I changed my behaviour, im acting more genuine of who really im, i love life, i love my familly and friends, i love meeting and interacting with new people yet i still feel somehow deep inside useless, i know its only feeling and i should be in present moment, i know its all mind created....



But sometimes i dont know how to act, what to do, i dont know anymore if my voice in the head is saying something worth or something crap, i became more choiceless, its hard for me to make a decision, i dont know if its my ego talking or its my inner voice. Im kind of lost in this, on the other hand all this "spiritual" talk became little bit as my new drug, whenever i counter a life situation in which i dont know what to do, i search for answers in those videos etc... 



When ever i try to help somebody else, i find, i would say a good answer or something good to say, im not moaning anymore about myself to my friends all the times about my mind constructed problems, when im with them im cheerful trying to make them laugh to enjoy new experiences, before i was opposite i was more of partypooper :D.



I didnt knew if this is a good idea to write here, i dont know even now as im writing this.
it would be better just to write question marks all over the place, maybe it would make more sense.



Im 23 i have home where i live with my family, im fit i dont miss any part of my body, i have food. All the facts state that i should be ok.



But in my head im not, or at least my mind thinks that im not, that i should be able to know something, to have worth, to be able to create something, to take care of my own life, to be not dependant of my parents, to be one with life, to do what i was ment to do for life when something put me here for some reason.



And then i think of all the people which dont have this chance, in africa, china etc... kids which never have same oppurtunities as i do and are fighting for little food every day, yet im sitting here doing nothing to change that not knowing where to start.



If i have chance, what is that chance i have ?



I have no skills, everybody is good at something i see everyone having passion about something, falling in love with something they do or with their hobby.



Im just searching and searching or waiting and waiting for ?
I always pick up something which is interisting for me, but then i put it away cause i lose interest in it.



In my eyes im like little brat, i wish really if i could just not give a fuck and live simple life and not pity myself over stupid little things over and over in my head.



Just to let go and enjoy every day, but what holds me ? My mind thinks its my mind, maybe that is correct answer, but my ego is scared to let go all of its problems, its scared that it will be bored again when i find new job which i wont like.



What i learned at least is to be conscious around other people, to let go everything and be present with them.



But when im alone all of it falls apart and im done. 



What i would like to do is to somehow be helpful not only by listening to people, but being able to create something to have something at my side whenever im alone so i can get better at it every day and in the end... i dont know.



In this life, life needs somebody who can contribute to society...
But i dont know how to contribute to life, i dont know what i want from life or life wants from me.



Im just big choicless "dont know" with alot of question marks.



tldr write what ever answer you want, doesnt really matter ill be glad of anything, maybe my inner self will pick up something for it.



Thank you all in advance, you guys stay free, one day again my travelers way will be not to smoke today.