I demand trumpets

Hey everybody, first of all, i want to thank you for being such great community. There is no hate, only understanding and love. 
So im smoke free 3months, not a single puff of anything, i stopped cold turkey and it was my fifth attempt i think. This fifth time i stopped for myself after break up (stress situation) :D just an example that it doesnt need to be perfect time to stop. I need to write it off to remind myself how i discovered and stopped my addiction, it might help others. First of all it was a book the power of now. I finally understood that my Thoughts doesnt make me as a person, i started to listen to my inner voice. Then it was easy way to stop smoking and Freedom from nicotine. Knowledge gave me enough "power" to realize that it was all bullshit constructed over time in my head by other people thoughts which i accepted and followed as mine own. After this my life changed, i stopped acting scared of what other people think of me, i stopped being nice guy to others in means that i will do everything to please everybody but in the end nobody will help me. Every Day makes me stronger and fearless, more you act of what you dream or Imagine in your head, more it gives you confidence in next action to move you forward. Everything you did in life has its meaning, to realize something New, to evolve yourself in better person in every aspect, to not be in comfort zone and do what you love and care about or to find it. Once you change your mindset you cant stop and only improve and discover more about everything, its like being child again. Life is ment to be enjoyed, and this is mine way how i enjoy it and i love it. Im very happy that i realized it, its like moving from closed circle, you just brake it And feel free. You start to believe in yourself and your actions. Everything has positive purpose. If i never smoked i might never been here i might be even worse, i might never be interested in self improvement, who knows. In the end of the day only present moment matters and now im non smoker. 