My way of qutting.

Hey there guys, i recently stopped smoking too, its mine 5th time. 
I have been smoking for 3-4 years and last year its half-pack a day.

Whenever i wanted to stop smoking i told to myslef, ok its the last ciggarete and immidietaly the thoughts popped up: 
"oh my god its your last, what are you going to do when you wait for the bus while listening music, what will u do while walking to the store, what will you do when you drink beer etc... you know the drill of thoughts.

Recently i broke up with my gal and i felt pretty misserable, but i picked up a book called The Power of Now by Tolle.

I read it and i fell with love with the fact that your thoughts are not you, You is the inner voice which whispers to you what to do right.
 In my opinion i would say its conscience which tells you to stop smoking with every ciggarete you light up, but thoughts are often stronger cause you are used to listen to them.

So as in the books stands, i started to be a observer of my thoughts, it means, i let the bad/good thoughts be as they are, i didnt judge them i didnt hate them for what they were, they are just thoughts, not me. 

ok what does this have to do with smoking ?
this fifth time i stopped smoking, i didnt think about future that i will be for example stressed and will need to light one up. Whenever you imagine yourself in the future smoking u start to be nervous pissed, u will start thinking that it will be hard and u give up and buy new pack.

Thing is, when u stop smoking you are non-smoker, your past doesnt matter, you live now, in the present moment and in the present moment you are not smoking which leads to better future without ciggaretes so u dont need to imagine it anymore. Its happening right now, right now is the time when u dont light up and live longer, right now is the time when u dont waste your money on it and getting richer, getting your body cleaned etc... Presence makes your life, not your past, not imaginery future.

Im on my 6th day now, yes its nothing much i know, but difference is, i had a beer with my friends which smoke, i didnt ligt up, i have been in the city all the time, i didnt light up. Ofcourse i had cravings, but it was in the present moment and if u dont waste your energy to fight your imaginery future thoughts, you will have enough energy in the present moment to fight cravings when they come.

well i hope its readeble and it will help somebody. 
Stay strong, now you are making better future for yourself, be happy and proud of what you are capable in the present moment.

p.s:
my longest streak was (its like 3months back) 9days, it was longer because i was ill and stayed home all the time, which is easy, i dont have there any routines connected with smoking so much-->got better went outside, bought a pack :D