One month in, cold turkey here is how I did it....

I started smoking at 15 years old. That's 20 years of smoking. It's been a long road but I have finally decided to end my addiction once and for all. I want to share how I did this so it can benefit the group. 

After finally getting my life back to get her after a devastating natural disaster, I wanted to enjoy things that I used to before and get back in shape, in particular mountain biking. My bike was destroyed in the flood, so I went out and got a brand new fat bike (they are awesome and the new way to ride offroad.... Try it you'll like it) 
So, my first day out, I decided to ride on the beach. Not a boardwalk, the sand. Soft "sugar sand". It was to be a three mile ride, nothing I couldn't handle, or so I thought. About halfway through, I was off the bike doubled over couldn't breath coughing so hard I was spitting blood. I really thought I was going to die. Just suffocate and fall over dead. Make no mistake, this is no exaggeration whatsoever! My eyesight started to fade breathing was shallow and labored AANNDDD I'm miles from a hospital OR any other human beings.......talk about scared straight.....

Needless to say I survived this episode, finished my ride and went home. Humbled to say the least. I'm a guy who could tackle a 50 mile bike ride in two hours barely breaking a sweat! What happened to me?!? 20 years of smoking a pack to a pack and a half a day maybe more had finally taken its toll on me. Things had to change right away. Since I had blown out my lungs on the bike ride, I wasn't big on smoking the rest of that day, so I did good but I needed a way to overcome the triggers that would follow, the enevitable desire to smoke would return just as it does when you "quit" after getting sick. What to do????

I found an app. Smoke free......get it. Just do it it helped so much. I set a date and stuck to it. That day I set was October 20 2015. As arbitrary as it gets. Random. At 10:30 pm I told my coworkers not to bother me for about 20 minutes as I was going to say good bye to an old "friend". Amid the confused looks, they knew better than to question me as I went to smoke my last cigarette. I finished that last butt, had 7 left in the pack. And never picked up a cigarette since. I still have that pack with 7 stale, gross cigarettes left in it. I even carried it around for two or three days after my quit date. Why I did that I don't know but it seemed to help by tricking my mind. If tell myself "I'll go sneak one in a few minutes" every time I had a craving and just never went and smoked one. Somehow, it really helped. I went to a bachelor party that weekend....trigger city!!!!! Stayed strong and smoke free. I couldn't even believe myself! Now the 7-11 guy has noticed that he doesn't have to order so many cigs of my former brand and actually asked me if I quit. I was that much of a consumer that it made a noticeable difference in his ledger!!!!

Now I'm one month in, going strong. It hasn't been easy, there has been very rough moments however, it has been way easier than I thought. I want to help people do the same thing I did. Feel free to pm me for advice, comment here, whatever it takes. I did it, you can too. Stay strong!!