Quitting smoking + trying to eat better = random mood swings

Last night was rough. It's not that I wanted a cigarette all that much, just that everything seemed hopeless. 

I thought about how overweight* I've gotten (thanks to a picture of myself in a bathing suit from this past weekend) and how I couldn't bear to go through all the work it would take to lose it. I dislike my job but am afraid to look for another one because it's really that I dislike my career. I want to finish my novel but fear I'm kidding myself and it will never happen. The apartment seems to get messy on its own, there's always more to do on the to-do list, the world's going to hell in a handbag, and tigers are really close to extinction (thanks, WWF commercial!) And on top of that I don't "get to" smoke or eat hamburgers every day now. *Great*. I had an overwhelming feeling of not wanting to do anything at all, ever again. Especially talk about my feelings to my wife, because ugh. The last thing I want to do is talk about it and make myself feel worse. (I'm really good about talking myself into feeling worse.)

Intellectually, I knew it was just brain chemistry, or hormones, but as you know, that doesn't always help you in the moment. It was like getting my period (not that I know what that's like, women) or having a mini-depression (not to minimize what people with actual clinical depression go through). 

I have a pretty great life. Steady job, not in debt, great wife, great pets, I perform improv comedy on the side and I'm pretty good at it. None of that mattered last night, but! I feel, if not happy, at least more calm and even-tempered this morning.

All of this is to say, fuck you, cigarettes and comfort food. You're like the desperate evil magical thing (e.g.: horcrux) that will try anything to keep from being destroyed, including fucking with my head. Fuck you, and enjoy this sword to the face.

*I'm not even that overweight: 5'10", 205 lbs. I ran a marathon a couple of years ago. But lately I've been slacking and it shows in my belly.

**tl;dr: Smoking and an attempt to eat better fucks with my head, I survive.**