Smoking causes stress, it doesn't help deal with it!

I'm still struggling with quitting, I still haven't had a cigarette this year (but obviously that isn't saying much on January 3rd) but whenever I think about how relaxing it will be to have a smoke I remind myself of my favorite analogy from Allan Carr's easy method to quit smoking.
I like to think of smoking as putting on a very tight pair of shoes, so tight in fact that they are very uncomfortable to walk in. The only reason you put on these shoes is so that, at the end of the day you can take them off and for a brief moment you feel pure relief, that amazing feeling of freedom, no longer pondering on how much longer you will have to go until you take them off. You only want a smoke right now because you aren't smoking one, in the same way that you wouldn't want to take off a tight pair of shoes if your weren't wearing any. When you have a cigarette in your mouth you have no cravings, life is good. For that brief moment, you are enjoying having your shoes off. But as soon as you stop smoking, you have tightened those shoes again, and again are just waiting to take them off for a moment.

The important thing to remember is that if you just never put the shoes on, then you wouldn't spend all day feeling awkward and uncomfortable. Sure maybe you don't get to enjoy the relief at the end of the day, but why do you even enjoy it in the first place? If you never put those shoes on, your feet would feel like that all the time! That is how a non-smoker feels, all the time! 

The only problem is that for smokers, the shoes go back on automatically after taking then off (giving in to our cravings), but if you just leave that shoe on it will get looser and looser until it falls off, then it is up to you to make sure you don't put it back on. 

Don't think about how relieving a cigarette could be, instead remember how relieving it is to finally be free from their hold. You've taken the shoes off, now you've just got to throw them away for good.

PS. For those who haven't given [Allan Carr's Easy Way to Quit Smoking](http://www.allencarr.com/) a read, I would highly recommend giving it a go. It's a short read, and it may open your mind about smoking. It is less tips on how to quit, and more wisdom regarding why you need to quit and how easy it actually is.