Journey a week long

Who would have thought a week ago that I'll get this far after 15+ years (32yo) of smoking...not me. This sub has been of immense help together with WhyQuit.com, Carr's book and e-cig. The advice that helped me most up until now is to take non-smoking one day at a time. However, I cannot wait a day when I finally won't feel a single urge to smoke. Dammit! Until then, I'm sharing my journey with you, reddit friends....

The beginning itself was hard enough. About 10 days ago (friday) I got home from job and after buying a new pack of cigarettes, I smoked a couple of them loving and hating each single smoke. My plan was to quit on friday, to prevent a stressfull day on job. I gathered all tobacco, rolling papers, ashtrays, cigars and generally all smoking stuff lying around my house and threw everything in trash bag together with my newly opened pack and lighter. I grabbed the bag and walked it to nearby trash can near local store to prevent my possible relapse. I simply don't trust myself enough to put all that tobacco in home trash! :) Shit! The only thing I kept was e-cig I had bought a couple of days before. I told myself that this will be my NRT for now. So, I thought I'm good to go...

...well, fuck! I stumbled after only a couple of hours later. Went outside, met a friend, asked him for cig immediately! :D What a goddamn junkie I am! I felt terrible, but I smoked at least 5 cigs nevertheless that night. Well, tomorrow will be better, I said. Tomorrow I start.

Guess how that went. I didn't want to buy a pack, but I "somehow" found people with cigs and asked them for one or two. Smoked at least 5 on Saturday and a couple more on Sunday while feeling terrible all the time because of it. Goddammit, how depressed that made me! I couldn't stop for even one single day!

So, monday morning. I got to work, still didn't buy my own pack. I was thinking all the morning about how miserable I am and that this must stop! Now! This of course didn't stop me from asking a coworker for a cigarette at about 9AM. Heh. However, this time I said to myself that I'll try again, here and now! This maddness must stop! I had my e-cig with me, I said to myself that I must eat it before I light another normal cigarette! I felt more resolve than ever!

And, I didn't ask coworker for another one all working day. First victory! I used e-cig a couple of times and got home feeling completely resolved that this is really it. Instead of having a normal, smoking evening, I smoked e-cig instead, browsed reddit and this sub, downloaded Carr's book and started reading it. I read it already a year ago but it didn't help me back then. I thought I understood everything, but relapsed after only a couple of days. Still, I knew it's a good way to realign your mindset, so I read it again that evening.

Second day. I'm still non-smoker! It's actually strange - first few days were easy, I was feeling physical dependance kick in all the time, that strong urge to feel the smoke in my throat and lungs, but I easily beat all that by reminding myself on every occasion why I want to stop. Knowledge helps immensely. By third day, I stopped using e-cig too, but decided to keep it with me all the time. I told to myself that this is a last line of defense for me. If I somehow meet a smoking friend and stumble like I did before, I have an e-cig, and therefore I have absolutely no reason for lightning a normal cigarette. That helps me a lot in my mind, so e-cig is here to stay!

I didn't avoid my triggers at all, but instead faced them all so far. I even went on a couple of beers during the week, and I didn't stumble! Drinking beer and not smoking, unimaginable! :O So hard, but so great! That was the biggest victory for me so far! :) 

Also, a week later I'm feeling a lot better. I coughed for a couple of days but that stopped soon. I aslo feel a rash on my throat, but I think it's getting better already. I got up each day at least an hour too early and have more energy as before. So, all good so far...

However, I'm also a lot more irritable than before, and had a couple of bitch moments. I also notice that my addiction took a different turn. My scumbag brain no longer tries to hook me up with nicotine by simply going for physical dependance - instead I get that feeling that I'm bored and that life without cancer-stick is empty and bleak. Shit, what a stupid trick that is! I got it today and it was harder for me to beat than that physical dependance feeling. It is a recurring and quite strong temptation. 

But, writing and thinking about it all helps more than anything and that's why I'm writing this. As I said in another thread, I can't wait a day when I won't think about tobacco for 24 hours in a row! The more I crave nicotine, the more I realize how utterly stupid this addiction is. It takes joy, health and money from you, and gives you absolutely nothing except fear. I hate it but still want it at the same time. Dammit! 

I could write more, but let this be enough for today. Thank you all for reading and helping me with your kind words in this sub. Hope my loooong venting of my frustrations wasn't too long. I wish you all a good journey through non-smoking!

TL;DR: Junkie is venting his frustrations...