Time to do it...

Enough is enough, and after smoking for nearly 17 years, my last cigarette for now was 33 hours ago. I think this time I'm ready to kick it and I'm writing this in hope it'll help me with cravings.

Reasons? Well, health is one, obviously and the feeling that I don't have control over myself is another. I proved to myself in the past three years that anything is possible if I decide to.  For example, I went from 180 pounds to 140 in a year, ran a half-marathon, learned how to snowboard, started sport climbing and going outdoors a lot and generally changed my life for the better, but there is one more thing left for me to do - kick this damn habit that is with me for half of my life.

I'm smoking pack a day and cannot control myself enough to gradually adjust my consumption or quit cold-turkey. I tried to quit a couple of times and just couldn't beat the cravings. I was telling myself how good would it be to smoke just one cigarette per month, or how it is really not that harmful, how my job suffers if I'm all irritable, how I cannot afford to have headaches for two weeks and a lot of other crap which I knew was not true. My every attempt so far failed.

So, this time around I bought an e-cig and told myself that I must eat it whole before I light another normal cigarette. So far it's been good, it is in no way the same as the real cig but somehow it helped me stop the cravings. Previous quit attempts were simply unberarable, I was thinking about smoke all day long all the time and gave up after only a week, so maybe, just maybe this is my chance. My milestone will be a month, if successfull, after one month I'll gradually stop smoking e-cig too (or that's what I think :\ ).

And why am I writing all this? Well, my last failed attempt at quitting was at January 1st 2014. I failed after only a day and hated myself because of it every time I lighted one. I was reading this subreddit, surfed internet on how to stop a lot and told myself that I must not stop trying. So, on friday, I went and bought e-cig and waited for my moment. I told myself that it'll be easier to quit on weekend, but I didn't :). Well, yesterday (monday) somehow I didn't start my morning with cigarette, but later asked co-worker for one, smoked it and told myself "this is it!". 

Thirty-three hours done, a lifetime to go :)...tnx for reading...

[EDIT] Just a side question - does anyone have any thoughts or details on e-cigs? Did you have any problems stopping those? I tell myself that this is only temporary help, hope it'll work....Well, I really hope I'll stay strong and that this will be the one victory which will mean more to me than running 42K. 