Unexpected

So I've been doing the quit dance since December. I would go anywhere from 2 to 10 days of suffering and mind games and eventually succumb. Every time I'd fail I'd think "well I failed, I've got a pack now, might as well get some beer." Never could even think of drinking without a smoke. This was the main evil thought that always brought me to the magical gas station that sold all the right medicine. Thinking not even in the present. Thinking that someday I'll drink and it'll be impossible so might as well give up and have a cig now. Got done with my last student about 5 yesterday, thought I was driving straight home, ended up buying yet another lighter and it's sidekick. Immediate regret followed by "must go to grocery store to buy juices and foods to make it easier to start over again, but in the meantime since I fucked up let's get some beer." It's as if every time I failed I would celebrate with beer. I'm my mind it was a release that I could finally have a drink. I had a smoke so might as well make the most of this pack of 20 and accompany it with a 12 pack. So my non smoker buddy is coming to visit soon and we're driving to the Keys to camp. Many nights of beer drinking I'm sure and another looming thought of the future that would pop up in all my failed quits. "You'll never be able to drive to the keys and do regular vacation stuff without a smoke." So I called him yet again last night with the usual I failed, having a beer, start again tomorrow, etc. He basically said if you are going to quit tomorrow you should just quit right now. I immediately thought yeah but I just bought this pack and I have 8 beers left. Quitting now would mean I lose out on my whopping 5 dollar cigarette investment and will have 8 beers taking up space in my fridge forever. He encouraged and said don't even put another one in your mouth. If the goal is to quit, then you did it, you just quit. Instant thought, I didn't get to have my "last cigarette." The ceremonial love making session as you suck the fucker good bye. But something peculiar happened. I got excited. Excitement can overpower fear. I got excited at the idea that this was unexpected. I got excited that I never got to have that last smoke and that this was a different approach. I got excited that I had 8 more beers and that I had a challenge ahead of me. In the words of a fictional banker man whore "challenge accepted." I hung out around smokers and spent the next few hours drinking these beers and talking about my freedom and excitement. Finished the eight and wasn't satisfied. If this unexpected method truly was going to work I need to go take shots at the bar. I bought shots for all (not literally there were 100 people there, just the nearby ones). Excitement and alcohol can really put your blinders on. I just wanted to laugh and watch people smoke and get more hammered. One side of myself thought you can do this and the nicotine side said get so drunk that you fail you poor bastard. Didn't fail, awoke today with a sense of peace about quitting. Every other attempt meant the weekend was 24 hour Netflix chips ice cream bed time. The outside world was terrifying and possessed cigarettes, I can't go there. But because I pushed myself to turn my biggest quitting fear into excitement I'm excited to live smoke free and not afraid of failure. Im not so naive to think i will never have a craving. But the difference will be to turn the fear and sadness into excitement. Also, speaking from countless fails, it only worked because it was unexpected. So if you find yourself in the perpetual quitting trap and possibly have the impending fear of ever being able to have a drink again just get excited. It makes me laugh but I would say the best method is to just decide to quit and get hammered. It will feel weird yet beautiful and when you wake up you will feel fulfilled. Oh but you may still have a headache.