Just completed my Very First Week. Method - Cold turkey. Here is what I wrote for myself to read whenever I will be facing difficulties. For past seven days this subreddit was my Bible. This subreddit made me think and I realize it's a very doable task. And I have to do it this time.

Remember,

1. You can lose nothing by not smoking another puff.


2. Anxiety, depression, mood swings, appetite problems, sleep problems, irritation, anger, boredom, cravings, intense cravings, the constant nagging thought of just one cigarette, tension, stress, frustration etc can never be stronger than your decision to never take another puff.


3. With every passing second you are constantly going away and far away from the cigarette that you smoked for the last time. So feel good for not smoking anymore.


4. You can relapse even before smoking another puff. Yes. It's all inside your brain. You relapse right when you consider taking another puff in your mind, it could be 24 hours or even a week before taking an actual puff. So, never ever even try to consider this kind of thought. 


5. Smokers smoke to feel normal, not to feel good. When you stop smoking, you don't feel normal, thus experiencing withdrawals. Your nicotine receptors that you have nourished by smoking cigarettes after cigarettes after cigarettes for years after years and years, don't die out immediately. So you need to keep that in mind. Your body and mind is healing and it is learning to feel normal without cigarettes. It takes time depending on your level of addiction and current circumstances. 


6. It's not easy. If it were this subreddit wouldn't have existed in the first place.


7. It's not difficult either. But you are always one puff away from becoming a full pack smoker again even after quitting for a decade.


8. I won't say good luck because quitting cigarettes is definitely not a game of chances.
It's all about determination and planning.


9. Yes. Planning. Plan so that you don't get trapped by your own brain.


10. So many people have quitted smoking for good in spite of shitty circumstances and unfair life events.


11. Don't quit it for anybody or anything unless you really want to quit it for you,for the fucking freedom that a Man dream of. 
