An interesting title

Your test post (optional)


20 Days 22 Hours 04 Minutes 56 Seconds


Pasted from my (self deleted) comment 


I'm sorry that I'm going to suggest you don't try to quit smoking from tomorrow if you are not ready. I mean you know deep inside that you could have hold the urge to smoke but you didn't. Now that you have smoked you are not in withdrawal .So,your state of mind is "oh yeah, I'm going to quit smoking from tomorrow". This is called leaving your happiness on the future self while abusing and gratifying your present self. See, if you don't plan and get well informed about how this quitting drug shit work, you will always be amazed at your failures. Nicotine is indeed a very tricky drug. You certainly know that once you quit nicotine for long enough to feel great, you will be free from a nasty slavery so that you can focus on other aspects of your only life. I was just like you. I tried and failed. When I truly wanted to quit smoking I analyzed and wrote down every possible reason for which I relapsed. Believe me all of the reasons were full of Shit. So, I decided and planed and accepted the fact that I might not feel good mentally and physically for the rest of this year. I was wrong. Part of my plan was not to do drugs (alcohol and weed) in the first 3 weeks. I did what I planned. I ingested nice Eddibles a few minutes ago. I'm waiting them to kick in. I am planning to not drink for the first 3 months. Because drinking is a risk for my quit. See, quitting smoking is all about quitting Nicotine, it's not about not enjoying other beautiful recreational safe drugs /herbs once in a while. When you quit smoking and go through withdrawals you feel like you would never enjoy life again. Well that's just withdrawal. Once you are confident with your quit you can always enjoy your beautiful life with so many amazing things that our planet offers. Always stay positive, cigarettes are pure evil. Quit it. Move on with your life. Enjoy anything that's not potentially as dangerous as nicotine and that's it. You are done. My friend, quitting cigarettes is very easy once you know you gotta quit this time. You gotta quit, you use your Brain to defeat the Nicotine. Don't use your emotions.
