Today is the 30th day, so here's a text wall:

I set my quit date for May 1st. Of course, I had set about 25+ quit dates in the last 12 months. I'm not exaggerating. Every other Monday I would say "That's it, starting this week, I'm quitting smoking."

This time was slightly different, however. I had failed a million times to quit, and then the next week tried to quit again.

At this point, I decided that I was tired of failing.

I had learned pretty much every single thing I could about quitting smoking. The first week I woke up every morning and worked out before work. The second week, I woke up a few of the mornings to work out and made up for the ones I didn't after work.

The third week I hit the wall I had hit 100 times before. When you're in the thick of anxiety attacks and little outbursts, it's almost exciting. When you're through that though, you realize that boredom is setting in.

It's like doing the Ninja Warrior course, and then they say "GREAT JOB! But your prize is actually 5 miles away across that desert. Go and get it."

And... you kinda would rather just do the course again. Every other time, I just turned around and caved after two weeks. But this time, I was tired of failing... so I decided I wouldn't fail.

The desert is boring as hell. And you kind of start to realize that life is really boring. There's not a lot of exciting shit going on every moment of the day. And you start to realize that holy shit the only reason I was ever smoking in the first place was because I was anxious and didn't know what to do with my hands.

And oh boy that spiraled out of control didn't it?

In the desert, I realized a lot about myself, because all I had to was think about shit. It was uncomfortable at times, because I started peeling back layers and layers of myself and didn't have a constant distraction to break my focus. It's hard to say exactly what it was I found, but, it sure was something.

And to be perfectly honest, if I didn't fail 1000 times before I would not have succeeded now.