Day 6. Need help to come through

Good mornng everyone (morning in Italy).
I am Marco, 20 y.o.
I started smoking 4 years ago. I was with friends. One of them, a girl (which I did NOT like), proposed me to try cigarette. 28 July 2011. This is how I started.
During that summer, I usually made me offer cigarettes by older smokers within my friends' crowd. My first pack was in the last days of August.
Then school started. The cigarette was related to break: it is not unusual in Italy, as it is forbidden for pupils to smoke at school, even on the fire emergency stairs (where usually go teachers), to go smoking in the toilet. It become a rite.
But I only had a cig per day.
I used to buy the pack on Monday morning (In Italy no one cares about your age), to have a smoke per day (6, as in Italy you go at school on Saturday) at school and the others I smoked out on Saturday night (usually only 3 and the latter was for Monday).
So, you can understand that I enjoyed smoking as it was a break from lessons. Expecially when I met my best friend (now a quitter like me).
So, there were also other breaks apart the canonic one.
But I wasn't addicted yet. I even quitted for a week, for a challenge with a non - smoker friend. I had no cravings.
Cigarettes were related only to breaks and going out. That's all.
Then, after smoking for one year, I understood that I got addicted. But I was enjoying: more mates started to smoke, and the break became a social rite, like at parties it was a rite to smoke and drink.
It was a way to socialize.
This is why I got my addiction.

This Monday I decided to quit. Actually I'm trying to quit for more than one month, and I managed to not buying packs anymore and having only 3 cigarettes per week.
Before this, I used to smoke about 10 cigarettes per day.

Now I want to end forever. No more occasional cigarettes.
I decided to do start on Monday. And I did it.

So, it is my day 6. And I'd need some tip not to fall again like my first try.
The problem is that now I'm in university. On Wdnesday and Friday I have a lot of lessons, about the whole day. And a lot of collagues smoke, so the "break" habit grew constantly.

I don't know how to replace this habit. I got so used to go out, have the cigarette and socialising with other people. Or to meet new girls by asking them the lighter.
Also because there are some cute girls that smoke, and now I can't anymore use the usual rites.

If I manage to find new habits, I am sure that I can definetely overcome smoke and exponentially reduce cravings.

Every support will be loved.