Reflections after nearly a year quit...

It's nearly a year since I smoked my last smoke, and while I am mostly the exact same person I was then, in many ways, I am completely different....in good ways though...

Prior to quitting I was very lethargic. stayed at home by myself more then anything, but lazed on the couch and did nothing but watch movies, sports, and drink beer.

Not saying I don't do that today still, just now a lot has changed for the better.

Couple months in I realized that smoking for 17 years nearly a pack a day had been masking some pretty severe anxiety. Which you will see is common I think, its just how we have all learned to cope with everything life throws at us...in fact, we just don't cope, we ignore things and smoke and forget they bothered us etc...

Any way, realizing this made me have to deal with those every day things that normally didn't get to me, I alway shad smokes to "calm me down" looking back at that, that was a bullshit excuse i told myself for years.

In January I joined a Gym, for the first time in my life, I used to be of the thought process that those that went tot he gym constantly were lame....you know the thoughts we all had...yeah , being healthy, on purpose? what the hell is wrong with people! haha

I now go on average between 3 and 5 times a week. And it is something I enjoy, helps keep my mind off of smoking, and usually helps my anxiety. In fact, on days where I want to be lazy I usually get anxiety if I don't go to the gym lol

I go out with friends more often, I volunteered with a group helping kids, I am a mentor to  a 14 year old kid, that has been good for me as well as for him. 

I think all around now, almost a year after quitting I just strive to be a better person, not that I think I am better then anyone, I just want to improve myself, if that makes sense.

For any of you just starting out, believe me, I told myself every excuse for years NOT to quit, but they were all lies, and bullshit...you CAN quit. If I can, cold turkey after reading the easyway, after 17 years of nearly 20 a day...you can.

It gets easier...yes there are still odd times i get a weird craving, or I think to myself...I wonder if I could have one here and there... I know I can't and I won't ever allow myself to go back down that road :)

Join me in non smoking?
You really can do everything you did before just as well, in fact, everything about life as a non smoker, is MUCH better :)