I'm back to where I was in my last quit, and this is what I was worried about.

Nearly 2 months. Huzzahs are in order, right? 

Well, unfortunately I'm just not feeling it. The cravings are all but gone, and I'm certainly at the stage where carrying on is "easy", if not requiring constant vigilance. 

However, the malaise won't lift. I have little drive compared to when I smoked. I don't feel like doing anything the vast majority of the time. My ambition at work has dropped considerably, and although it doesn't seem to be getting worse, it's certainly not getting better. Worst of all, this is very familiar. 

I once quit for 1.5 years, and this feeling is identical to what I felt for the entirety of that time. Before I picked up smoking again, I was considering several alternatives to get my drive back. Adderall and cocaine were both considered. I spent 1.5 years trying to convince myself through repetition that it was NOT the result of quitting smoking, since as soon as I admitted that it was, I would be at serious risk of starting again. But once the urge to try cocaine got strong enough, I figured I owed it to myself to try smoking again instead. As dangerous as tobacco is, I think taking cocaine daily is considerably worse. 

Here's the part people earlier in their quit don't want to hear, but I have to admit... it worked. After falling off the wagon, people would ask me "why!?" and I'd explain what I had just written above, and every time, I'd have to admit to them, and to myself that smoking worked. Because it did. 

And now here I am. 2 months into this quit, and that familiar feeling that plagued me for 18 months is back, and history has taught me that A) it's not going anywhere, and B) that smoking will cure it, although it will kill me eventually. What a fucking decision to make. 

TL;DR: After 2 months of being nicotine free, I don't really want to smoke, but I do feel like I *need* to, and history has taught me that I'm probably right.

EDIT: I know the obligatory "get checked by a doctor for depression" comments are bound to come, but I do not see taking prescription drugs as a beneficial alternative to smoking cigarettes. Side effects are/can be absolutely brutal, (I've been through my share of trying different ones in the past) and if I'm going to medicate myself to fix the issue, I'd rather do so with a drug I'm familiar with. With side effects I'm used to, and with long term effects that may or may not even result in my death. The idea of taking a drug that could cause me to kill myself, (sudden, serious panic attacks and thoughts of suicide are scary common in anti-depressants, and I've experienced them first hand) in order to bring me back to "normal" while staying off nicotine simply doesn't seem like a solution to me.

EDIT2: A disclaimer to early quitters, as written by /u/BolognaMitchell
>"That sounds like a terrible situation, and know that I completely believe you. But... if anybody is considering quitting and this is discouraging you from starting, please know that this does not happen to everyone. I feel much more motivated, energetic, and focused on what I need to do both at work and at home since I quit."

My situation is far less common than most, and I have many things to be happy about now that I'm off the cigarettes. What's happening to me almost certainly won't happen to you, and regardless, there are countless benefits to quitting. If there weren't, I'd simply start again, and I wouldn't have even bothered to post this in the first place. 