Another craving bites the dust.

I'm pretty sure if I look hard enough,  I will always be able to find a reason I think I 'Need' to smoke.  Today has been no exception.  And I really didn't need to look for a reason because they have been presenting themselves since the second I was startled awake by my phone ringing informing me I was 15 minutes late and still had what is normally a 15 minute drive,  but because I was late and it was 5am, I would hit traffic from hell so that 15 minutes easily became 30. Fuck strike one.  Then my oldest is having spirit week at school this week.  I could go off on a whole other tangent about how much I despise spirit week,  but I'll save that.  Today is throw back day so I'm like hot damn finally one I won't struggle with.  I get out the puff paint shirt she made at grandmas over the summer,  the big ugly Jo-Jo bow she had to have that we would finally be able to use and of course the Aqua Net! We work for a bit but finally I get her bangs Just Right.  I thought hell yes she's gonna be so cool.  We get to school.  No one looks anything like her and because she's a 5th grader this year,  looking nothing like anyone else is like the biggest deal in the world.  She throws a big ass fit in the car.  I being the newly non smoking mom with the temper of a rattle snake say 'fine go wash the damn things out' I'm on a tight schedule in the mornings because I Have kids in different schools so I basically have to leave her upset and go drop off the child I babysit. I think the whole way there about how much of a douche canoe I am and proceed to rush home to get the brush so I can rush back and hopefully salvage some of her day for her. On the way back my youngest starts puking all over the back seat. I pull over,  clean it up and get her situated.  I'd take her home but I'm on a mission for my oldest.  Fuck.  I feel like shit for dragging the baby along but I quickly remember how upset I had left my oldest. I'm lucky to find her right away.  She had already fixed her hair but I try to talk to her.  She bursts into tears and says no one at all had their hair like hers and that kids pointed and whispered about her in the cafeteria. Fuck. I feel even worse. The bell rings at about that moment and she cries that she doesn't have time to fix them.  I can't win for losing today. The stress is huge and it was barely 8am. Normally I'd come home and make my coffee and then chain smoke my sorrows away. 
Today I instead come home,  made my coffee and decided to vent my day here. The urge to smoke will always be there. I will always be able to find a reason why I want to smoke, but for me the thing I'm becoming most aware of is that I am able to handle this life without nicotine.  My healthy coping mechanisms are a lot better than I once thought and most importantly I am able to do this. This morning was a level 10 crisis around here and I managed to not turn to my trusted old friend, Newport. This isn't easy,  but it's getting easier.  If I could survive today without wanting to smoke I know I have a fair shot of coming out on the other side as a non smoker.  I feel stronger. And more in control of myself after this test.  I see now that nicotine only intensified my problems before and didn't solve them like I had thought. 