11 month check-in..

It's been 11 months yesterday since I gave up cigarettes.  Thinking back to this time last year I never thought I'd be sitting here with almost a year. 

It's crazy, it really is. When I think about the roller coaster this year has been.

 There were days in the beginning that I wanted to give up so bad. Stressful situations that made me want to give in.  I would always tell myself though that whatever the situation was, it wasn't bad enough to smoke. And somehow day by day I managed to make it. It was a constant battle that slowly did get easier as the days passed. 

The list of improvements in my life post quit is a long one. First and most improved is my breathing. My lungs feel like they came out of a new body. I can run where before just a brisk walk would leave me coughing and struggling for air. 
My hair and skin no longer have that funky gray look to them. People often tell me I look like I just got back from vacation because of how relaxed I look. The light wrinkles that were beginning to form around my mouth have stopped and pretty much faded away. I always smell good. That's a big one. As a smoker you don't realize just how bad you smell. Now when I come into contact with someone who smokes, even from a distance, the smell is always overpowering.  And lastly, but most critical to my quality of life, I have taken control of my life. Quitting has shown me I can do anything, and I've taken that to the extreem. I will be going back to school in a few months and I've taken total control of my mental health and begun a very good therapy/medication regime.
All in all life is 1000x better than it ever has been before. I feel like I have been given a second chance at things and I couldn't be happier.

As a true test to my quit yesterday was probably the most stressful day I have had in my life to this point. My sister and I had probably the worst fight we've ever had and will ever have again. Due to things I have no control of, our relationship has crumbled into nothing. She and I will probably never speak to each other again. And my heart is broken. It feels like my sister died and that I will never get to see her again even though she's still here and has just chosen not to be part of my life anymore. 

Yesterday I cried harder than I ever have. I thought I was going to die because of how strong and long lasting my panic attacks were. I had 3 yesterday. Very severe, Worse than I have ever had before.

 I lost it.. but what I didn't do... I didn't smoke. I didn't give in to nicotine, and I didn't give it the chance to crawl back in my life at my weak moment. Cigarettes are gone for good. I can now 100% say that for the rest of my life I am a non-smoker.

I tell you all this because I, like many of you, began this journey thinking it wouldn't work.. it couldn't work, but I made it. Through hell and stress I could have never imagined.. I made it. 

It is possible to quit. I'm proof of that. And I wish everyone the best of luck. Being a non smoker is better than u could have ever imagined.
