Losing more than a nicotine craving

Quitting has changed so many things for me.  Going into this I was aware of all the normal obvious changes in health, senses, mood.. That stuff I was relatively prepared for.  What I wasn't aware of nor could I ever be prepared for was that as I fought hard to better myself and chip away at these nicotine free days,  that I would also lose touch with my husband.

I knew he wasn't going to quit when I started this all.  That wasn't something I was necessarily happy with,  but I couldn't let his unwillingness to change stop me from making my life better. You see about 4 months ago now I found what I believed to be a lump in my breast.  It ended up being nothing, but it took a while to find that out,  and during the wait I promised myself that if I got the chance I would change many things in my life and become the best version of myself that I was able to. 

It's been a very subtle change,  almost like the return of my sense of smell (which still blows my mind) but slowly there has been this invisible wall building.  I know I am changing.  I can feel it every day. I try not to be bitter towards him,  but it's been very hard for me to feel so alone during all of this.  I've been vocal about how I'm feeling and it's frustrating to me that he just can't seem to take any responsibility. He makes it seem like I'm going crazy or something.  Makes these dick comments and is just over all so damn unsupportive.

 I've asked him to see things from my point of view.  Here I am working so hard to better myself and maybe,  just maybe finally be happy and he just makes me feel like I'm the one in the wrong.  Like how could I change.  But Fuck is it really wrong to want to be better. 

I'm rambling.  Leaving Shit out and just tossing  my dirty laundry out for the world to see,  but it's got to be done.  I'm so lost as to what to do.  During crisis in the past I would have smoked.  The new me doesn't even want to smoke but I just feel like if I don't find a way to change things soon I will go back to it just because I know if I do things won't be so tense with my husband.

I feel like I'm losing him.  It's sad and it hurts,  but part of me,  a bigger part than I'd like to admit, is okay with it.  If he doesn't want to live a healthy and happy life with me than I have no choice but to do me.  I've lived 33 years the way I have and it didn't do Shit for me.  If I'm lucky maybe I have another 33 left.  The thought of not being happy for them is terrifying.  

I've found a lot of inner strength kicking this habit so I know damn well I can handle being alone and could raise my children alone. The only thing I keep thinking to myself is if I knew how drastically and dramatically quitting smoking would change my life...  Would I still have done it? I don't know... But as I lay here for the 3rd night in a row alone, I have to smile some through the tears because in spite of it all Its been 13 days 2 Hour 3 Minutes since I took my life back. 