Another day..

6 Days 15 Hours 37 Minutes...  
That feels like a lifetime TBH. The cravings. The mood swings.  The unrelenting need to eat.  I could do without all those things for sure,  but second by second I'm chipping away at the time.  I'm doin this damn thing and it feels great. 
Well, it mostly feels great.  Today has been a test since the moment my alarm went off at 4am. I should really change it to 415 because that extra 15 minutes was to smoke and since I don't smoke I could sleep. But it's set so I've just left it. Today the craving struck the moment I woke up. Those first thing cravings are brutal.  I got up right away and got in the shower.  I lathered up with my delicious smelling soap and started naming off all the things I'm doing this for in my head.  One of the most unexpected things that has kept me on track is the pride I have in my smell.  Or lack there of.  I used to always be self conscious about smelling like an ash tray.  In the winter I always kept a dedicated sweater that I never smoked in so I could go out and not be that 'nasty smoker'. With winter fast approaching I remind myself how great it will be to have free pick of anything I want to wear this year. Usually that coupled with some deep breathing and the thought of having to admit to people I failed,  helps me through the cravings. Today they didn't fully subside,  but they dulled considerably. 
I left the house 5 minutes late today,  so I was rushed.  I don't like to be rushed. I hit traffic and construction and that made me even more late.  I wanted to smoke so bad,  but I didn't.  I don't have any cigarettes which helps a lot.  I mean I'm an ex smoker so having cigarettes would be stupid.
 I made it through traffic without losing my mind. By then it was 515.. I'm 15 minutes late picking up. Shit stressed again.  The child I babysit gets in the car.  She's yammering on and on about some senseless nonsense.  I love her but some days her ADHD is enough to kill me. Today was one of those days.  I manage to hold it together,  get everyone off to school and as relieved as I am to have a quiet home, now there's no one to hold me accountable. Those alone hours I used to cherish are now my hardest time of day. Not only do I have the time to smoke but I also live within spitting distance from a store. They are constantly on my mind and within arms reach.  The sign on the window lights up one letter at a time.  O.. P.. E.. N..  Then it flashes 3 times. It's like it's Calling my name.  My ability to resist it usually brings me great pride.  Today the ability isn't as strong as normal.  
My prescription for Chantix has been helping my cravings and the Cannabis concentrate vape pens I've been getting from the dispensary have been helping with having the feel of a cigarette. 
The dispensary is closed today and my pen ran out yesterday.  It's just another stress for the day.  But even with what I feel in this moment, is the world being completely against me,  I continue to second by second overcome. 
I think yesterday being such an easy day made me over confident,  but today's constant struggle won't bring me down. It helps me to post here. Purge it all so to speak. I know in a year's time when I'm celebrating my smoke free anniversary I will enjoy reading these posts. I'm determined to make this work. 