14 days

Longtime lurker here. I want to thank you. The last 14 days I have been reading every day here and this sub is a great source of inspiration for me. Therfor I like to share my story whit you. I quit smoking with the help of a e cigarette so I hope its legit to post this "quit with e-cigg" story here in this sub and using the Badge. ( Sry for my english so far. I am from germany, so brace yourself: crappy english incoming. Read this with a german accent :) )

I am 25 years old and I smoked for 10 years. Treeh months ago I buyed a e-cigarette from curiosity. I didnt want to quit but I was thinking that I might be smoking less cigarettes when I use the e-cig instead at times. After some time I got more and more the feeling that I maybe could quit with the e-cigarette. So I got some better e-cig gear and reduced the nicotine from 18 mg/ml to 12 mg/ml. I didnt want to force me to hard so I smoked when I cant stand the carvings.

Two months ago I start reading in this sub and one month ago I declared my goal to my self: Stop smoking with the help of the e-cigarette and then reduce the nicotine until zero. So I didnt smoke for 12 days but unforunately I smoked again. So what went wrong?

I dont had the magic Badge! 

So I stoped lurking, get myself a reddit account and a Badge. Since this day, 14 days ago, I didnt smoke and reduced the nicotine to 6 mg/ml as well. Not as much as the Bage the e-cig is no wonder machine so quiting is difficult for me, especially since the day I decided to never smoke again. But all you folks showed me that I can do it. So thanks a lot. 14 days of not smoking is the longest period of time I didnt smoke in 10 years of smoking. This would be impossible without the help of all of you. Thanks!

Tl;dr 25 yrs old, 10 yrs of smoking, used a e-cig to quit, stoped smoking, didnt work out cuz he forgot the magic Badge, now with Badge everything is fine, little whining cuz qutting is hard, thanks the sub, speaks crappy german-english hardly to understand.