You can quit smoking and not be an Ass. Here is how.

I have put in my time here.  And I have learned so much.  Thanks so much to all of you for that.

If you hang with the quitters, you get to see the raw emotion.  

Allen Carr was something of a genius in that he pushed hard on the lies of addiction and tried to help every reader realize that they didn't need smoking as much as they thought they did.  Working with addicts (like me), he did not give much space for people to make excuses.  All that stuff is good.

Here is how you can help other people quit smoking.  You will run across a post.  In that post, someone will say they have gone a week without smoking.  They will say this has not happened for years and years.  They will say that they are so excited and this is allowing them to imagine a different world than they have seen.

**This is the time where you can shut the fuck up and not tell them they are quitting the wrong way because you read a fucking book.**

Welcome new quitters.

I should really delete this.  But I have written it so many times. Perhaps now?


**Edit:**

Work kept me from Reddit totally today.  I shall try to wade in and reply to some people individually (later, this post took a long time).  But I will put some things up here first.  English is my native tongue but it is still hard to send the same message to everyone.

* For those who don't know me,  I have been a regular for at least six months.  I've scaled back a little recently because other things take my time.  So no one should worry that I am trolling the sub or that I am advocating vaping over cold turkey.  To the contrary, I always recommend several cold turkey tries before you try anything else. 

* I love you guys.  All of you.

* Yes I am talking about the way people who do Chamipx, Wellbutrin, and all the NRT variants are treated.

* Armison and Jonsezey had an interesting conversation about false hope.  Let me bring some of that up here.  

>>If anyone comes & sucks the hope out of the room I would suggest a time out in a different reddit corner

>I want everyone to have hope that they can quit. On the other hand, I don't think false hope helps people. If someone has a plan to quit for a month and then just smoke socially, I'll do my best to suck the false hope out of that dream. I will do that because I want them to succeed long term.

I appreciate both comments and I plucked this out of context.  But here is the thing.  Armison has been here since before I heard of this sub and she knows people who have quit via NRT.  It is not her preferred way of quitting (she told me this once).  

But some of you think NRT (and all the drugs) are "Bullshit" [from a recent post].  And as such you crash around and make people feel unwelcome.  

> It might help us cold-turkey zealots if we heard some examples of the types of statements that may be interpreted as “You’re quitting the wrong way.” 

Fair question.  Try to bear with me.  I don't want to drag any one person into this.

* When someone says 'I'm 3 days quit but on the patch',  Don't say "NRT has a lower success rate than cold turkey"  Don't say "I quit in January too, but I did it all by myself with no 'crutch'".   Don't even say [apologies to /u/BikeRidingMan] "the sooner you get off that the better."  Each of these things might be true in your mind,  

but this it how it reads to me.  fake quoting

>>I have done it; I have gotten 3 days; I had to use the patch cause I'm not awesome like you guys, but I am so proud of myself that I am *posting*

separate replies

>Did you read Allen Carr, you don't need the patch.


> I quit Coooold Tuuuurrrkey *better than you*


> It's kind of good, but it would be better if you quit without.

That is how you suck the hope out of the air.

