One month and I'm feeling great.

For you people just starting, this was me just 30 days ago:

I smoked 20-30 cigarettes a day for nearly 20 years. I woke up every morning coughing so hard I thought I was going to throw up. Sometimes, I threw up. Sometimes, my coughing woke me up. I had headaches. The craziest thing, I'd convinced myself that the only thing that would calm the coughing down was my morning cigarette. Insane, right? My coughing was so labored and went on for so long, that I earned myself an epigastric hernia.

My breath stank. My fingers stank. My clothes stank. My house stank.

I was lethargic to an embarrassing degree. Unless absolutely necessary, I would do nothing except sit in front of the TV/computer and go to work. I was tired all the time. Probably from a combination of inadequate sleep and insufficient oxygen when I was awake.

I was obsessed about my smoking. I worried about what it was doing to me physically, psychologically, and financially. I worried about it when I was running low at night. If I was too low, I'd actually leave my house at ungodly hours to get more because I was afraid of being out of them in the morning. Also, I'd plan ahead to make sure that I was the first guy who got to go on a smoke-break. Often, I wouldn't even ask the manager and I'd just go. Yeah. I risked my job so that I could go smoke.

30 days later and I feel amazing. Really, I can breathe so deeply that I get a bit lightheaded. I enjoy waking up in the morning. I have energy all day. I like going out and doing things. I'm better at my job. My teeth are whiter. I haven't gained weight because I'm doing more. Also, I'm eating better food because food tastes better.

I still think about smoking and occasionally I feel like I'm having a craving but really, I was thinking about smoking ALL THE TIME when I smoked. I was having cravings ALL THE TIME when I smoked. I'm here to tell you, occasionally is better than ALL THE TIME.

If you're new or thinking about stopping and any of my smoking life resonates with you, I want to tell you that you can do it. You can quit. It might be, only "might" be a little rough at first but it gets easier as you go along and the payoff is so worth it. 

I'm super-excited to be not smoking with all of you today.