1 Month smoke-free! Life is wonderful! Coincidence??

Hello! I am 1 month smoke-free today!!! Please allow me a little ramble in celebration.

I know that it's not possible for smoking to improve my life so significantly, but it's rather strange (in a great way) that since I quit smoking, things in my life have really started to change for the better. Beyond the typical good effects like increased taste and smell (although I've broken my nose a few times so smell seems to be returning more slowly), or increased physical stamina and better looking skin/teeth, I honestly feel that quitting smoking has increased my confidence in ways I haven't felt in years.

In previous posts I have admitted how I'm generally a lonely person. I have friends but I haven't had a partner for years. It's been pathetic. Smoking helped to fill that void (in addition to pot and alcohol, both of which have now been significantly reduced). But now that I don't stink, cough, or crave, I built the confidence to ask a beautiful woman out. And things are working out rather well. It's wonderful, and cigarettes play absolutely ZERO part of my present happiness. I know at this point that they will in fact actually end up REDUCING my happiness. There is no reason to go back. I still have cravings but I laugh at them rather than stress over them--why would I ever go back to being the person I once was.

I'm sure that these sentiments are all over this sub, but it feels nice to let these feelings out. The "smoker's flu" is gone, I don't hack up disgusting yellow/green phlegm in the morning anymore, and I can afford to actually take someone wonderful out on dates with the cash saved.

If you haven;t quit yet, please plan to do so. If you are struggling quitting, then remember it is definitely worth it in the end. Thanks again everyone for all the support you've given me, and for sharing your experiences with me so I can draw upon your own strength. Keep it up--feeling healthy and confident is worth it!!!