My first week smoke free and I wanted to share what makes this time different. Hope you find similar motivators to keep you going or take the first step.

Reposting my reply to another traveler that just started this journey. 

 

I'm 41, had my first cigarette at 5, then few months of smoking at 11, then full time smoker from 17 - until now. Failed at least 40 times, longest 6 months. Not even swearing on my father's grave helped me stay quit. This time I'm quitting on insane mode: getting divorced from BPD wife of 17 years, financial struggles, emotional difficulties every day, stressful work, quit weed, and dead bedroom. So...

 

I wouldn't consider myself a strong willed person on my best of days and have relapsed many times. However, somehow this time I think it's stuck with me because I was mentally ready to quit, started taking welbutrin and supplementing with lozenges, as needed. I remember hating waking up from coughing, struggling to walk a flight of stairs, or even hocking up phlegm after any strenuous activity. The color of it alone was enough to make smoking seem nasty as that. So, one day, I decided to quit. It's been little over a week and I believe in myself. Every time I want to smoke, I look at pink string tied around my hand - a reminder I made a promise to my daughter... And if the craving gets to be too much, I take a nicorette lozenge.
I had at least 5 serious tempting situations that would have caused a relapse, including a night out at a smoking permited bar, where I drank and was surrounded by my smoker friends and felt disgusted smelling the smoke. My friend smoked on a long ride home and we talked about stressful stuff, and yet I still didn't start smoking again.

 

 Just strong commitment to quit, memories of chemo patients I saw when my father in law was going through stage 4 lung cancer, and need to live as long as possible for my kids. It all just clicked and I realized I'm done. The pride in this commitment is stronger than my 24+ year habit and urge.

 

Here's to another week of recovery - it does get easier