I just saw a post on /r/Askreddit that made me want to post here...

...Just so that I can remind you all what a wonderful community you are a part of. This is one of the coolest and most supportive groups I've ever had the privilege of participating in, and I want you all to know that you're awesome. Whether you're on day 1 or day 1,000 - You are amazing and don't ever forget it.

TL;DR: You guys rock, my personal experience with r/stopsmoking and quitting smoking,  again, you guys are awesome, and thank you.

In August of last year I was at the point where I realized I should quit. I wanted to quit, but thinking about quitting stressed me out and I smoked more to calm myself down. But I wanted to move on with my life. I wanted to begin the next chapter, and with a bun the oven, its a good thing I decided I was ready. Time to grow up, I told myself. This is a selfish, juvenile habit.

So with the motivation to at least look around for the best way to do it, I turned to reddit in my research and found this place. With cold feet and anxiety about the whole thing, I took some general advice that seemed common on this sub and bought Alan Carr's *Easyway to stop smoking.* I began reading the book thinking "what harm can it do, maybe It will actually work and I'll quit, that'd be alright I guess." 

After I'd finished it, I was at the sink or swim point in the game. I wanted to quit, I honestly wanted to and I finally possessed the momentum drive that I needed to get it done this time. There was no more false belief in the irreplaceable joy and ritual I've been partaking in. I took the book's advice, I continued smoking until I finished it, and when I did, I finished my last pack and went to bed. 

The next week was a bit hellish, I could tell I was moody and short-fused, but I kept at it. I put faith in everyone on this sub who would tell me that it gets better, remind me what I'd accomplished, etc. I took r/stopsmoking breaks instead of smoke breaks at work, I focused on our bathroom renovation at home instead of sitting around smoking and listening to music, and when I reached a month, I really started feeling free.

1 month is all it takes, folks.

I won't sugarcoat it, that month can be a mild irritation or a complete hell depending on your mindset and alot of other variables. but after that first month, a weight is lifted. that first month is the necessary work you put in to lift the crushing weight of that god damn nicotine addiction.

So wherever you are in your quest for freedom from nicotine, take pride in the progress you've made rather than stressing about how hard it is. Use this sub. Talk to these people, they want you to succeed and they will motivate you. Having someone in a similar situation to talk to is invaluable in any difficult challenge, so join the discussion! you can not only get the help and support you need, but you can be that support for someone else.

I haven't been active on this sub in a while, really because I haven't had a problem with struggling to stay quit since the first month was out of the way.  But I just wanted to pop in and remind you that you guys kick nicotine's ass every time you help some struggling internet stranger deal with making it through that first week, every time you conquer a craving, and every time you take control of your scumbag brain and whip it into shape when it says "hey, smoking is great, you should smoke again."


Edit: for anyone curious, the Askreddit thread is here: http://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/comments/2v39v2/what_popular_subreddit_has_a_really_toxic/
Reading this I started feeling like reddit was just getting overrun with circlejerky assholes until I remembered awesome subs like this one, /r/predaddit, /r/daddit, and many others whose community of users are what make them great.