NSFW - Quit smoking and the....male organ

Sorry to be crass or to offend anyone with this topic especially considering i'm in r/stopsmoking. Obviously in the past I have measured my penis as i'm sure all males have. I'm 26 and I  smoked "full time" since 17 and socially since 16. I probably measured my penis for the first time when I was 19 out of curiosity and probably once after that a few years later. I have a thick penis and my girlfriend was curious to know how thick so we measured that like 4 months ago. half way through day 1 after quitting smoking I read that stopping smoking can help you achieve a fuller erection so I measured length for like the third time in my  life and made a note to see if in a few months I gained a cm or what not. I'm sure a lot of of males on here that have quit smoking can back me up all of a sudden you have more energy and I have gone from waking up with no energy and "morning glory" being  rare to waking up every day with the most rock hard erections. Anyway this is the part where you may tell me i'm a liar and downvote me or tell me I'm just wrong but  on day 25 I woke up throbbing I looked down and just thought "That looks massive" I measured it with the same ruler and I'm almost an inch bigger and it's thicker!. I know it sounds weird and perhaps  dillusional but I have measured every morning since day 25 because I wake up with these erections and i'm wondering if I have this correct in my head or if it's always been this big..... But I have a witness in my girlfriend because last night without me telling her anything she just said "I'm more full lately when your inside me" then I told her and she measured how wide I am and a thicker member has been confirmed. So yeah any articles online anywere saying you can expect a gain like this because I can't find any? Has something rare happened to me? Fellow male quitters has this happened to you? I never expected this.

Once again very sorry for this subject being brought up but I feel it's relevant and ummmm could help keep some people motivated 