It's time. Really

Hi guys!

Okay, so this will probably be a long post, but I need to get it all out.

I started smoking at age 18, now 9 years ago. I've tried to quit twice before and failed big time (literally started smoking again after two days/a week). But I want to try again.

I've been thinking about it for a long time. But the last couple of weeks I've developed a bad cough (without having a cold), and that freaks me out a bit. Also, I have a family with a history of heart diseases and I'm terrified of dying (by any cause). I've developed a panic disorder in the last couple of years (I've seen a therapist and I'm doing WAY better these days) because of this. And of course, smoking doesn't help. It's a leading cause of death and since I get panic attacks because I'm afraid of dying, it'll probably help loads if I quit smoking. And in the future I want to have kids and I don't want to be the victim of my horrible mistakes. So there's another reason, apart from the money saving and the other health benefits.

I have loads of reasons to quit, but I'm mostly afraid I will fail. The biggest problem is that my boyfriend already said he won't quit smoking, although he does support the decisions I make. We already smoke outside, so he won't be inside smelling the place up. But this will definitely make it harder (although I know it's been done!). And then I'm not even talking about the addiction itself yet, which is, for lack of a better word, a bitch. 

So this time I'm doing it differently. I decided to get help from a coach by phone and start using helpful products like nicotine patches. I know I'll still be pumping nicotine in my system, but the last two times the habits were harder to kick than the addiction itself. That's actually why I failed (I think): because of the habits. So I want to kick those first, and then gradually get rid of the nicotine. 

Also, I've decided to not tell anyone except for my boyfriend (We have lived together for 5 years now, so he would notice immediately). There's a reason for this. The last two times I did tell everyone and mostly my parents (who are against smoking) were really disappointed when I failed. They really got their expectations up, which made me even more stressed. And of course, that didn't help with me quitting. It actually drove me towards starting again quicker. So this time, I'm preventing that by just not telling them until I'm a couple of weeks in and the worst has (hopefully) passed.

I'm hoping I'll actually kick it this time. But to be honest: I'm not at the point where I say "I'm definitely going to get rid of it!" Not because I don't have the motivation or because I don't really want to, but because I know it's really hard and I don't really trust myself on this. 

Day one is going to come soon (I have an appointment with the coach on Thursday, we'll make a plan together) and I'm both dreading it and looking forward to it. Well, I'm looking forward to not smoking anymore, ever. 

So guys, please wish me luck. And if anyone has tips for me, please share them! Also: if you took the time to read this entire post, THANKS!