Real History, Thanks for Share =)

We got this message on our website and we want to share it with the community hoping to motivate somebody out there. 

-------
One of my qualities is that I'm not an active smoker, usually I avoid places where people do it, some of the causes are obvious the smell, the smog, how it sometimes just seems the smoker has that look as a kid look the next candy to be eat also I get nausea sometimes weird maybe but it happens to me.

When My mom married my dad she also married with his habits and guess what...smoking was on the list. During the first couple of years the problem does not seems to be serious but was because I didn't exist yet! Ok my dad went to work early, come late so where was the big deal. It happens that late nights when I was already sleeping he practices that habit of his large list inside the house. Consequences: I coughed every single time and obviously both (mom and dad) started to get worried about some possible heath issue.

It was easy because it only happened when the cigarette smoke was there. By himself he decided to quit it one day to the other, my mom didn't believe that was gonna last. Till that day my dad had not been touch (as an active smoker)  a cigarette and I'm so grateful although because all the other good thing he has done for me all my life.

Maybe me dad is too weird you're gonna think that nobody can quit as fast as I'm describing but believe me it happened and I'm pretty sure he's not the only one human being that quit that quick from smoke, many others do it with diets, work out, life changing. Personally, I think that works as "magic" because those people think in what matters and what do they want in their life. They are people who you can count on and for sure if you have them around and you have a problem are gonna tell you to breathe, and think of the best you can do with your current situation.

I'm not gonna tell you to quit now and so not smoke starting you finish to read me, I only wanted to share what happened long time ago and that if you are convinced about what you want in or out of your life it needs no the way people tell you it needs the steps you decide to follow after looking the big picture for you to accomplish it. Just decide.