My experiences with stopping smoking and trying to love myself more!

I’m sharing my experience today to help me process changing my habits, and also to hopefully encourage anyone feeling any of the many, many strong emotions that can come up during stopping smoking and starting new habits!

So, my story is that I started smoking 8 or 9 years ago when I was turning 20. I started because I moved to a new city, met someone I was interested in, made new friends, and they all smoked and drank aplenty. I don’t remember any particular reasons other than it seemed like a natural extension of this new part of my life, adding these habits that my new friends had. I also did not have any stress coping skills and I didn’t consciously realize that the smoking and drinking was becoming my skillset - I was just having a ton of fun.

A few years ago I was diagnosed with Generalized Anxiety Disorder and I set about doing a LOT of self-work to help with my headspace, but I never associated the habits of smoking and drinking as contributing, and at the time, they gave me no concern. I wasn’t worried about my health at all. I walked a ton, I drank a ton of water, ate healthy. My relationship with anxiety improved greatly and I never have taken medication to manage it, which I’m really glad about.

My close friend (the person I met earlier in my story) and I moved to another state last year to save money. We were near my parents and my grandmother, who was progressively failing in health, and my parents were happy to keep the same pace as my friend and I with drinking and smoking. My Mom didn’t/doesn’t have an issue with this, my Dad however does make strong attempts at changing his habits, and I really feel some guilt over not being more supportive of them while I was there. I had no issue with how I was self-caring either.

Then, suddenly, one day in May this year, I just quit smoking. I had no clue why. I smoked my usual five or six before noon and then just randomly hopped on the Stop Smoking subreddit and felt panic, fear, guilt, shame, and just stopped. I still don’t have any idea what propelled me from totally comfortable with the habit to like..BOOM. Full stop. My friend left for work and we said goodbye and as she left I just burst into tears, I felt like I was possessed by something that inside me said “I am stopping now.” and wouldn’t explain why. It was super weird. To add to the shock, my grandma died the next day and I just..didn’t smoke. I was terrified. I hadn’t told my parents. I had told my friend the night before and she was super supportive of me, and I just felt guilty, like I was letting all my buddies down. For two weeks I just checked this subreddit constantly looking for solace, I started riding my bike, I started eating better. But I was constantly battling with “cravings”. I too asked that question, “WHEN DO THEY END. I THOUGHT IT WAS THREE DAYS.” 

After two weeks I went to a show out of town with my close friend, and the tone of the weekend led me to smoking a pack and a half, but hardly drinking at all. I felt stunned that after all the hard work I’d put in it was so easy to start again. So natural. I felt guilty but I didn’t realize it. I just shut the emotions off and said, “here I go again.” and quit for four months.

Then, friend and I moved BACK to the city with all our same smoking and drinking buddies and it took no time for me to get back in the swing of things. With a lot of guilt and feeling like an awkward zombie at times. A few fits and starts of quitting. Searching for the headspace to just put my foot down with myself. And I quit last week on Wednesday with a boatload of coping mechanisms culled over the last months since my first quit. (I also don’t drink heavily, but I do drink frequently so I have decided to make changes there too, so that has contributed to my need to see this experience in a light of self love and self support, rather than self denial. Also I don’t feel comfortable yet that a beer or two won’t lead to a few smokes.)

So in the practical realm, I bought myself stickers and a planner - The planner is for my new habits that I want to make time for (exercise, educational classes, etc) and the sticker is to reward my self each day. I’m someone who enjoys seeing my progress. Although my first quit I was terrified to look back at how long, or forward at how long. Now I want to celebrate each day. I joined a gym with LOW expectations - Just go three times a week and sweat for half an hour. No big over the top stuff. I do yoga at home on YouTube to help me get oxygen moving and relax. I like to meditate. I like to prepare meals for myself for breakfasts (I hate doing lunches, not sure why.)

The headspace. Okay, guys and gals. This is what knocked me down, and I suspect knocks most of us down. The “cravings” that won’t go away after the initial Nicotine withdrawal - I personally think of them more as “reminders”. I read somewhere recently that if we imagine the fabric of our lives, and we imagine smoking as a tiny thread running along all our experiences, we need to pull out that thread, one experience at a time. So one approach is when I’m having a reminder of smoking I think “ah! I would have smoked in this moment. It’s okay that I’m being powerfully reminded. This time I’m choosing to not smoke.”

Initially during my first quit I did a LOT of analysis on each “reminder”, wondering WHY, after weeks, I was have that feeling. And I’d realize “Oh, I haven’t been to this restaurant since I stopped.” or “Oh, I haven’t talked to so-and-so since I stopped.”

Another thing I read during my first attempt was a piece about how each cigarette is an emotion we’re stopping. Good or bad. The cigarette becomes the focus. So I’d think, “what emotion am I feeling right now, instead of having a smoke?”


Some resources I LOVED are www.tinybuddha.com (I’d just type in whatever was freaking me out at the moment and devour articles) and Conor McMillen (Thriving Minimalist) on YouTube. I’ve learned from changing my habit of smoking is just Love. Yourself. Understand yourself. Because the reminders, or cravings, or what have you, are not asking you to smoke. They know you USED to have a smoke in those situations, They are asking you to listen to yourself and your expectations and your wants. This is my perception.


Typing this out felt so great! Thank you if you read all the way through! I have found a path that is working for me in the present moment, and I hope you have found something that inspires you, or reminded yourself of how strong you are! And if you’re in a dark spot, I am sending you some good vibes.


