25 days smoke free.

Well, this is going to be a longer check in than I normally do - for those of you who are just starting out as far as your quitting goes. 

I started smoking when I was around 17 years old. A boy I had a crush on offered me a cigarette one day when we got off the bus, and I accepted. Behold, afterwards I found a gas station that didn't ID - and I was about a pack a week smoker until I moved out of my parents house at the age of 18. 

From 18 to 19 I smoked on and off, but when I smoked - I REALLY smoked. A pack and a half a day about. After I turned 20, I am pretty sure I was a consistent smoker, at about a pack a day. 

So when I turned 22, I went through a horrible breakup with the boyfriend I had at the time. I ended up moving back in with my parents with negative money to my name. They helped me get re-situated and paid for practically everything I needed until I got back on my feet. I felt bad buying packs of cigarettes during this time - so I just stopped. I wouldn't be able to buy them even if I wanted to. I was taking some of the gas money out of what my mother gave me and using it to buy a pack. 

After that I quit for two entire years. And then one day I am hanging out with my best friend (still my best friend, still a smoker) and she lite up in my car. I asked for a drag, and a drag turned into a whole stick - and on my way home I found myself buying my very own pack. That's how easy it is to relapse. 

Fast forward to today - a year later, and I am 25 days smoke free. For those of you who have tried, and then relapsed, don't fret - because you aren't the only one. In the year I had picked up smoking again, I tried quitting a number of times. I have found that it takes a particular something to really make you stick to it. 

For some that's a health scare for yourself, or for a family member. 
For some it's something completely different.

For me, I have been, for the most part of my life - a very depressed individual. But I remember the two years I didn't smoke- and I was happy. Genuinely happy about my future, my life, my freedom from nicotine. It made everything seem so much better. 

This time I quit because I remembered what I had during those two years. I was sick and my throat hurt one morning, I was coughing up mucus, I could barely stand to drink or eat - but you bet your sweet ass I went out to smoke my morning cigarette. 

Something happened, and it was different. It wasn't pleasant like it used to be. It wasn't enjoyable. I was rushing through the cigarette to get back inside. It was purely my need for nicotine that had me outside smoking, while I was dying sick, probably needing to go to the doctor for antibiotics. It was then I decided that I needed to get series about quitting again. 

Now here I am 25 days later. I went on a cruise a few days ago without having to sneak to the top deck for a smoke, like I was frequently doing the year before. I was able to enjoy the Bahama beaches without running back to the ship to buy a pack from the bar. When I got back, I started doing yoga classes again. I can now run two miles without getting winded... I smell better, I have more time for the things I want to do, I don't worry about stopping at a gas station on my way to work to grab a pack - then hoping I don't smell TOO much like cigarette smoke walking into my work - where I work directly with guests and people at my front desk. 

If I can do this, you can do this. Everyone asks for tips, and how to's. Honestly my biggest tip to you is to make the decision to never have another puff, remember the reason why you felt that way, and just do it. 