Treating myself today

**TL;DR**: I now have lots of extra money and will treat myself to a new gaming PC.

This year I decided to quit my job and start college full time living on savings. I knew it was going to be tough financially and that something had to give. I had this great big plan to quit right before I start university, before I get my last paycheck, so that I can walk away a non-smoker with some extra cash to float me for a while. Unfortunately, this was always the big spoof I was giving myself and once all the Freshman Week parties were going on there was no way I was gonna not smoke. So I kept at it for about a month. I was really annoyed with myself, I'd spent the guts of the last three years trying any way to quit and always falling back into it.

This time around was different. I was, for the first time in a long time with a group that wasn't dominated by smokers. Smoking wasn't the cool thing with these young 17/18 y/o college kids. There was no one to smoke with. It was bizarre.

One week while I was cutting back seriously (2/day) I was asked by my Dad to ask if I could come home and help him with some heavy garden work that weekend. Lucky for me I had the Thursday off and decided to come over for a solid four day weekend. My parents don't know I smoke, I think they'd die if they found out. It was great. I used those four days to just chill out with my dad and keep myself distracted from the cravings.


I got home on Sunday night, having not smoked since Wednesday evening. I went out with all of my friends to a big bar, huge beer garden, everyone smoking and drinking. I didn't need it. I was happy to sit there with my beer and didn't once feel like a cigarette would do me any good at all- and it hasn't since!

I'm coming up 40 days now and I'm so proud of myself. I've never in my life loved myself more. I started running the day after I quit too, three times a week- I've never been one for exercise or sports at all. I'm now nearly hitting 5k and have signed up for a 10k in December.

I also noticed today that I have a lot more money than I usually do this time of the month compared to what I usually had. Then I realised that I spent €10 daily on cigarettes and how much that was over a period. Decided to treat myself by putting the savings onto a new gaming PC. I'm so happy with myself, I've never had disposable income. Thanks for all of your help guys.