Nausea and lack of appetite

Just thought it was odd that this is how I feel when quitting. Is this common?

I've quit because of my panic disorder. I noticed that my panic attacks were much worse after a cigarette so I decided to just not smoke. I'm not sure how long I've been doing it now - 4 or 5 days, maybe? I haven't been counting - and it's kind of difficult to know when I started because I don't think I've gone through a full 24 cycle without any nicotine yet. Last night I had one puff for example, and I think the night before I had a slim rollie. But I was a chain smoker so I have cut down so much to reach this 'one puff' habit that I feel like it counts.

With better emotional regulation skills this time around, it's definitely easier than other times I've quit. I'm much more able to  remind myself that the symptoms will pass and that I should just breathe through them.

But God some of these symptoms have taken me by surprise.

The main one has been the one you'd expect - increased anger, depression and anxiety. In my case, though, the anxiety has taken on a different tone. I'm still having some panic attacks but I don't feel like I'm going to die **all day** like i did as a smoker. Now I feel like I'm going to die a few times a day and the rest of the time I'm just uncomfortable.

Nausea has been really bad. I have seriously stayed near a toilet for the last few days because I get quite regular hits of "oh my God maybe I'll throw up in a minute", which do pass.

I guess that's anxiety related? Other anxiety related symptoms have been pains all over my body, fatigue and numbness.

And lastly, total lack of appetite. That one surprised me because everybody says you feel hungry all the time. It's taking me a really long time to manage food and I'm actually getting worried about how little I'm managing to put down me. Has anyone else found lack of appetite a major problem?

Also, i'm not sure how many people here have been on SSRIs before, but one thing that struck me is that the exact feelings I'm getting, they're the exact side effects and withdrawal effects I get from antidepressants too. But then maybe that just suggests that the side effects/withdrawal effects can all be put down to an increase in anxiety and that that's the common element behind everything.

Anyway sorry for ramble. Worst thing for panic disorder is feeling unwell because I can't keep my mind off physical symptoms so my anxiety is crazy right now and just letting myself ramble here has helped a bit. There have been a few times over the last week I just wanted to be unconscious because I was finding the terror overwhelming. I'm going to be so pleased I did this though. I'm certain that quitting will not only help my physical health but will help me reduce my anxiety.

And apart from that, I feel that showing how I can tolerate this process - of quitting - which I know lots of people find hard even if they don't have anxiety sensitivity - will be like this big achievement under my belt that will spur me on to getting over the anxiety. If I can quit smoking, I can learn to go back outside.