Please Say Something Supportive To Me.

Had a pretty shitty day.  The teeth cleaning I promised myself for quitting smoking didn't pan out (long, stupid story involving a shady dentist) and can confidently say that I got less than an 80 on a math test in school.  

This is difficult for me, because I'm pretty sure I smoking became a huge crutch for me to not have to deal with emotions.  I can't just suck on a cigarette like I have for my entire adult life to make bad feels go away.  I cried a lot today and I know that nothing that happened was worth crying over.  Ok, so maybe I got a bad grade, but my overall grade is still pretty good.  Ok, so maybe I didn't get my reward, but, I got the bigger reward of learning that I need to find a less shady dentist.  I just don't know any other way to deal with anger and frustration than a cigarette or tears.  I really don't want to deal with anger or frustration with a cig *or* tears, but, I don't know what else to do.  

I considered getting a pack of cigarettes after class, but, it occurred to me that neither of the shitty things that happened to me today are worth literally killing myself over.  Every time you suck on a cig, the noose gets a little tighter.  I've fought hard for the last 25 days and if I'm going to lose my smoking sobriety, I want it to be to something really worthy of it - like Osama Bin Laden coming back from the grave and getting elected to the head of the UN or something.   

Not feeling any support from my still smoking husband (I know that's asking for a lot... I mean, at least he isn't trying to actively sabotage me, but, some active listening would be really be nice.)  When I talk about feels and shit and how hard to know whether or not I'm overreacting to something is, I don't think he knows how to participate in that conversation, so it turns into me rambling like this post is rambling.  Except he doesn't say nice things at the end like I'm hoping ya'll will.  

So, I'm here on reddit to beg people I've interacted with for 25 days to please say something supportive.  I'm not really picky, if you say something supportive, I'll say something supportive and we'll have a great big giant love fest! (Responses may be delayed, because going to sleep also sounds like a really good idea right now, but, I will say something nice!)  Thank you if you choose to participate.  