So what I learned from my doctor and it might help you too when you hear bipolar and quit smoking.

So last night I had a utter mental collapse as in I slept on the floor and going from crying to flaming mad over and over like a vicious circle.  I was very irrational on decisions and my poor husband took the brunt of it.  All this is what us bipolars like to call HYPOMANIA! Hypomania induced because of the stress related to quitting smoking but surpringly I'm still quit.  I'm still also on my meds of course just like I've been for months now.  What I went through last night I'm sorry I will disagree with everyone here....NO ONE ABSOLUTELY  NO ONE NEEDS TO GO THROUGH THAT UTTER MENTAL AGONY, NO ONE NEEDS TO RISK THEMSELVES LIKE THAT!

Anyway!  I called her this morning and she said it doesn't surprise her 1 bit.  She told me bipolars ARE DIFFERENT than other people who try to give up smoking because our minds are wired different.  It's the chemicals in the brain, we lack some and have more of others than "normal people".  We go on meds and that artificially creates a sort of balance that we can at least function.....

Now with cigarettes, they don't know exactly what it does but she said she's seen those scans of people's live brains smoking.  In people with bipolar disorder it seems to attach itself to the frontal lobes extremely more than normal people, normal it kinda scatters everywhere.  They think there is a reason for this but of course they can't disect a living person's brain and say OHHHHHHH THIS IS WHAT'S CAUSING THIS!

So she said it's normal unfortunately for bipolars with rapid cycling two things can happen  1. I can be successful and run the gamlet or 2. I can literally ruin my mental sanity by having repeated mental breakdowns and I'll probably end up again temporarily in the psych ward for about a week until I stable out.  It's really a toss up,  we both don't reallllllllly know 100% what will happen because she said that's the thing with psychology.......we can guess based upon past experiences but not know. It's not bacteria or a virus, it's not a set pattern.

