I lit up yesterday, and it tasted like shit.

This is a post about my experience with quitting smoking with vaping, if you dont support somebody using vaping to quit, please feel free to downvote.

I started smoking while in high school. About 17 years of age. My friend KK and I started smoking together as rebellious teenagers living in small town India. I was a smoker for 18 years. Pack a day. Always wanted to quit, but couldn't. Anyway, tried nic gum 3 months ago. It helped me almost quit. I smoked maybe 10 cigarettes in 20 days. The urge to smoke was still there, but much weaker than without gum. I wanted to try e-cigarettes, but couldn't get the equipment locally.

Then the day my equipment arrived via mail was the day I quit smoking. I'm not gonna go on about flavors or whatever but it killed the urge to smoke. Some people who vape are dual users, but I am not one of them.
Once every 15 days, I still buy a cigarette out of curiosity, just to see what it feels like. Like yesterday. But like yesterday,  I end up throwing it away after about 4 puffs. It is not because of thoughts like "this will kill me or "smoking causes cancer", if I could not suppress those thoughts, I would never have smoked for 18 years. Cigarettes just taste like shit once you've given them up. I don't think I will try another one again, no point; I know what it tastes like ( shit ).
Another fact, when I can't vape,  I don't feel the same way as when I couldn't smoke. The urge to vape is much weaker than the urge to smoke. I will stop vaping someday. Already I am on the weakest nicotine concentration available commercially ( .6%) here.

I also ordered a kit for my friend KK who I started smoking with. He's cut down his cigarette consumption to 4-5 a day and promises to quit completely in a fortnight.
If you can do a cold turkey, great! I admire you. If not, at-least try vaping, it is a step in the right direction. 

I also want to thank this group, you were a great source of inspiration and support during the time I was suffering from cravings. Your stories helped a lot.

