Past quits. Hopefully it helps me stay quit and maybe helps someone else. See if you can spot the pattern.

Started 28 years ago, pack a day most years. 

24 years ago, quit 2 months during Army basic training. Left basic, moved into barracks with other new recruits. Gave roomate $20 for some cleaning supplies, he came back with supplies, cigarettes, and no change. Took 5 packs of cigarettes in compensation. Have thought mant times I would have been better off giving him $500 to keep the cigarettes. 

18 years ago, quit over a month for officer training in the Air Force.   On completion of training, Flight was delayed leaving. "Oh, they sell cigarettes at airports?  Sure, I'll take a pack, see what they taste like now."

9 years ago, joined a cessation program. Quit for two months, had a stray craving, decided I'd better do something, anything, other than smoke a cigarette.  Bought a cigar.  Smoked cigars for the next year, then went back to cigarettes.

3 years ago, travelling in Brazil, didnt bring enough cigarettes and ran out. Decided it was bad enough to pay my own country for the privilege of killing myself, i sure as hell wasn't going to pay someone else's country, so didn't buy anymore cigarettes for the remainder of the trip, plus 2 months more back home. Friend came to visit. Friend had quit smoking as well. Friend had a fit at a convenience store, talked him down.  Friend said, "Do you still have cigars?"  What do you know, I do, forgot all about them. Had a scotch and cigar with friend. Proceeded to smoke the rest of my cigars and then went back to cigarettes. Friend has also gone back to cigarettes. 

1 year ago, stumbled across Allen Carr's book on Amazon.  90% 5 star reviews?  From smokers?  Smokers with cravings?  Is that possible?  Read the book, quit smoking at the end, easiest quit ever.  For a week.  Had "just one drag".  Why not?  Quitting is easy now, so no problem, right?  Wrong. Problem. Total relapse the following week.

26 days ago. Came across Freedom from Nicotine from this Subreddit. Finally was able to connect the dots and figure out why I kept failing (spoiler alert: the answer turned out to be "just one". Just one cigarette, just one cigar, just one puff.). 25 days and going strong. Cravings?  Yes, sometimes.  Desire for "just one"?  Hell no!

Thanks to all on her for your posts and comments. It has been immensely helpful to me. Wish you all the best in your own recoveries. 
