10 important lessons I´ve learnt in 250 days of non-smoking

1. If you have tried to quit several times before, remember: You have never failed, you just learned how it doesn´t work. 


2. If you believe that smoking has some intrinsic value or could somehow improve your life - it doesn´t. I had this very idea that I could never enjoy life to the fullest without a cigarette. Absurd. I understand that now. 
I understand that I haven´t smoked a cigarette in over 13 years. For the last 13 years the cigarettes smoked me. Only the first pack was a conscious decision. The rest was addictive behavior, which I could have never choosen as the child that I was. After I realized this it got incredibly easy to abstain from cigarettes.


3. Misery loves company. 
Your friends who smoke will probably not support you. They don´t want you to succeed in quitting. They don´t want to be alone with their dependency. I believe it is painful for them to watch you break up with that nasty addiction - something they subconsciously would love to achieve as well. That doesn´t matter. Forgive them. You know how hard it is to be a smoker, the mind tricks you have to play on yourself in order to make that addiction work. Forgive them, they don´t mean it personally. 


4. You won´t gain weight if you play it smart. 
After quitting you will be more aware of your body. You may even realize that you don´t have a body - you are a body. The way your body works and feels will determine to a huge margin the way you feel. Maybe you start some weightlifting program, or join a yoga class or go kayaking or do whatever you want. But do something with your body, not as punishment or prevention for weight gain - but because it can be fun and it feels great. I lost 50lbs in the last 250 days and never felt better in my life. Everything you need to know you can find at /r/fitness 


5. Your fears of getting ill will vanish. 
I was scared about getting cancer every time I had to cough, felt dizzy or couldn´t catch a breath. Those fears are all gone. I can inhale, exhale, run, lift, swim, jump etc. and feel how my body is getting better, stronger and healthier from day to day - quite the opposite of rotting from the inside out.


6. It will boost your self confidence enormously. 
You will realize that you did something spectacular. The single most important health decision in your life… and you made it. This confidence will spread to other areas of your being. 


7. There is probably no better training for willpower than quitting to smoke. It is the ultimate test, the mind gym where you will have probably your hardest workout. After you defeated this nasty enemy your mindset will wander and ask: „What is next?".


8. You will become more sensitive to smells and tastes. I kid you not when I say: An unknown universe of experiences will open up to you. 


9. I got more emphatic with others.
I finally understand what it means to struggle in life. For years. And finally you do it. You achieve what you never thought you could achieve. And than you want to share that feeling with others. Without /r/stopsmoking I probably would have struggled way harder and longer. Posting here and getting feedback helped incredibly. This community is golden. Stay here.


10. You will respect the concept of time. 
The single most important resource is time. You can´t save it, trade it or buy it. It just goes away and one day you will be dead. The second you stop smoking and decide to not waste another second of your life - you will change. Your whole being can change. You listen to yourself, respect the little time you have on this beautiful planet and make the most of it.


