3 weeks today.

I got 21 days clear, my last cigarette was April fools day, 8:15 PM.

The cravings have gone down, but I feel like I've been more nutty. Some drama in my personal life, some casual hookup stuff... which in hindsight, would never have happened without me quitting smoking. My self-esteem... and perhaps my ego... has been on the rise since quitting smoking. So I'm actually going to take a step back from that for a week or so, because it's been making me a bit crazy, and I don't want to do anything to send me into a tailspin, because I am loving the fact right now that I have three weeks clean from nicotine, and that I still *want* that clean time so fucking badly.

I exercised for an hour earlier today, and my muscles feel so fucking worn out... but not broken. They feel sore, but useful. My body wants so badly to be worked out, it's just waiting to be exercised and ran.

I've started eating literally twice as many calories per day as this time a month ago. I used to get by taking very, very poor care of myself. I didn't work out for nearly 5 months because I just fucking gave up, smoking a pack a day with the winter rain made it too painful to go outside.

So now it's sunny and I'm running in the park, playing basketball and ultimate frisbee, and my lungs are just screaming for joy. 

Someone posted here a few months ago, when I was lurking, that they could smell more of everything, especially rotten smells. Well, I cleaned out my car. I hadn't vacuumed it in eight years. I shit you not. Eight years without vacuuming the car. It took three hours, picking shit out of the carpets and what-not, scrubbing between and under seats. It smells so much better. I was putting it off because "cigarettes will just make it smell shitty again so who cares?" I can smell rotten things in the fridge much more clearly, but that's just the truth of it. I can smell what's there. There's less of a fog.

Last Friday I woke up with some awful anxiety. It was just eating at me, deep in my stomach. I didn't know what to put it on... I hadn't felt anything like it since before I started smoking.

Again, I don't know if the anxiety was caused by cigarettes, or was being covered up by them. I guess I'll know with time. For now, I will remind myself when I feel this new anxiety that I'm choosing to walk through it because, in part, I choose to live by giving up smoking. Definitely been a very up and down week... I hope it evens out over the next few months.

Everything about myself I like better clean smelling.

There's one last thing I really want to type out in this ridiculous rant. I know I'm all over the place but I don't care... I really appreciate this forum to talk about all the thoughts I cant share with many of my friends on this topic.

So... when I was in 4th grade, about 18 years ago, my uncle Jim died of a heart attack. He was only 38 years old. He was tall, skinny, pretty average looking. My mom told me he ate poorly, and smoked two packs of cigarettes a day. 

I never really thought that much about it. But I'm taller than everyone in my immediate family. My mom's family has a history of heart sensitivity and disease... about 6 heart attacks, two fatal, on her side of the family. They are tall and skinny. The heart disease sneaks up on them because none of them are overweight. They drink (I quit four years ago) and they smoke (21 days...). 

This really is a life and death deal with me. I don't know what kind of heart I have. I may not get 30 years to toy around and take a chance on cancer and emphysema. My uncle Jim died at 38. He was tall, and he was skinny, just like me. And he smoked, a lot, just like I did.

Anyways, thanks for reading this godawful rant. Much love to everyone here. I will post every Monday.