Day 0, first post.

Had the last cigarette out of my pack about two and a half hours ago. If I make it back to this forum by this time tomorrow I'll get a badge.

I'm gonna do a long ass post here, because that's my nature.

I joined reddit about two months ago when I found the /stopdrinking forum. My sobriety date from alcohol and drugs is 07/22/09, so a little over 1700 days. Quitting drugs and alcohol was a turning point in my life. I had to sign myself into therapy, intensive outpatient treatment, and I started attending AA. I'm still heavily involved in AA, and I consider myself a recovering alcoholic. I do the whole 9 yards, the steps, sponsoring people, ect. Quitting drinking was the hardest thing I've ever done.

Until now. Yeah, smoking is fucking harder. At least, it feels that way.

Here's the bitch of it. I was a casual, bum-a-few smokes when I was drunk at the bar type. I never bought a single pack, not one single pack, until I was two years sober. So, I've only been smoking heavily about two years. But I graduated to a pack a day in very little time at all.

AA has been the most amazing support for quitting drinking, and for improving my character. For me, drinking and being a manipulative piece of shit go hand in hand. That's why AA was able to work, I think, because I tie my sobriety to my character.

That's part of why quitting smoking is so hard. I am working on a dream career, my relationships with my family and friends is wonderful, I'm starting my own band and writing my own music, my living situation is choice, and I feel better about myself and my integrity than I ever have before. 

But I can't quit smoking. I quit for 3 months last year, then hit a hard time in my sobriety where I was afraid I was going to drink, where I wanted to say 'fuck it' to everything. I told myself I wasn't going to drink, but I was going to smoke again, because that was one way I could sabotage myself and make a poor choice that in my mind wasn't the 'most self-destructive' poor choice. I don't know if this makes sense to anyone. I won't drink again because I associate it with the hellish darkness of being completely a pathologically dishonest, alone, manipulative shell of a man, but when I feel like hating myself just a little bit, I go back and smoke, and at least I can hate on myself for a bit without my whole life falling apart. 

Well, I got out of that dark hole and feel good about keeping away from alcohol, but the cigarettes never left.

AA as you can imagine is pretty fucking shitty at helping people quit smoking. Everyone smokes, and everyone who doesn't vapes. I will not vape. I know that I smoke because I am addicted to nicotine, and to the ritual of smoking. I know I'm an addict. I've experienced cravings for alcohol and drugs, and for all kinds of other things. I know that that is what I am feeling. I know that the physical withdrawl symptoms will fade, but what will take me out is the dreaded 'fuck it,' the nagging little thought that says 'just go say fuck it and smoke, you fuckhead, nobody gives a shit' after months and months of time away.

When I first smoked in 'sobriety,' I would have nearly profound spiritual highs just from nicotine. I would stare out at the trees from my porch and feel the wind rushing, and the blood flooding to my head, and everything would feel profound. Yup, I'm an addict, I get high as fuck from nicotine, just like alcohol and drugs. 

I no longer get that feeling. The only reason I still smoke is because I know that if I quit I will crave, and I don't want to deal with the anxiety. Literally, that is the only reason. I know what it feels like to quit... it's anxiety city, and cravings that never really go away. 

I have endless reasons to quit. In addition to the obvious, health and money, I have these: I want to sing, with my band, and cigarettes will cripple my voice. I have no desire to work out anymore because competitive sports are now too painful - vomiting and coughing. Everything I own smells like smoke, and now even I can smell it. I wake up every morning with a crippling headache and sore, phlemy lungs. My body now rejects cigarettes when I smoke: I gag, cough, and sometimes even vomit a little bit. I haven't admitted that to anyone, but that's the truth. But I keep going. It's addiction, and it's masochistic, and it's cyclical logic.

I've been posting in /stopdrinking for two months, being as helpful as I can to people there. I turned my life around in all the ways that most people measure a life: integrity, purpose, happiness. But I'm an addict, and I just decided to pick something else up that nobody can tell me what to fucking do about. Nobody can tell me to quit. I can keep doing my job, keep my friends and family and my band, and I can keep smoking. No matter that it doesn't make me feel good anymore. It's my decision, and I want to keep hurting myself.

Until now.

Posting in /stopdrinking, that little /stopsmoking sign has been nagging me. For a month, I've floated the idea of quitting. I tried it on, floated it... like I said, AA is pretty bad at supporting quitting smoking. But maybe I can ask this place for help. I try to be there on /stopdrinking, but maybe someone here can help me pull my head out of my ass. Hold me accountable. Someone who's actually trying to quit for real, and cares that I quit. 

Anyways. I have all these little triggers and rituals I'm not looking forward to... I smoked in my car driving everywhere, and now just getting inside makes my mouth water. I used to take my laptop out onto the porch and chain-smoke while watching movies. I don't know why I liked that, it just felt like 'me' time, and I like my 'me' time. 

So, that's rambling as fuck, and I'm done.

I made the decision to quit, I haven't bought the next pack, I'm out, and I've told this forum as well as two of my close friends. I've quit cold turkey from a pack a day once before, so I know what I'm in for for the next three days. I'm not afraid of that. I'm afraid of the next six months... of that nagging feeling. Four years of sobriety from alcohol and I have to admit I have no fucking clue how to solve this. 

Thanks guys, here's to the internet.

tldr: I'm in AA so I like to talk about myself way too fucking much.