Two Weeks.

Checking in with a weekly post now.

I'm starting to feel... feel again. Smell again. My farts smell disgusting. But at least I can smell them now!

A few days ago, it started to rain, and I could smell the rain coming down. My car smells disgusting. I've started the process of deep cleaning it. I washed every piece of clothing, coats, and bed sheets.

I've started to notice a few other things. I want to smoke now about 2-3 times per day, but each craving only lasts a few minutes. It doesn't help to dwell in it, I just keep moving. I have tons of gum (no nicotine) I chew, every day, every time I sit down in my car, so I chew every time I get a craving.

What else to I notice? I feel much more sensitive to things. Coffee, throws me off. I can feel it wiring me up through my veins, even after just 1 cup. When I eat a big, thick meal, I get very heavy-headed and foggy... in a way that I don't remember getting. When I try and focus at work, I get very spaced out and often get a headache. When I wake up in the morning, and when I'm in social situations, I start getting anxiety... just a slight twisting in my stomach and a vague feeling that I'm not OK, that I need *something* to make me feel better, and I know *vaguely* that a cigarette would help. I quickly brush those thoughts away, but it's scary.

I worry that this anxiety will never leave me. It's tolerable, it's not horrible, but I have this vague feeling that I have always been this way, a little bit anxious, and that may have been the reason I love drinking and smoking so much (still quit drinking, won't drink again, been a few years).

I wonder some days how much of the foggy-headed-ness, the anxiety, the lack of focus, is the two-weeks off smoking cold turkey, or just a part of my make-up, that the nicotine was covering up, that I'm starting to get better aquanted with for the first time.

Anyways, that's enough for tonight. I will commit to posting here every  week, and I will never smoke without at least posting here to say I give up. Two weeks, feeling weird, looking for three.