Maybe Allen Carr’s book should be required reading for this sub.

First a little background about me: I am not a smoker, nor have I ever been. Tried it once in high school and hated it….thankfully. I’ve been a staunch, unapologetic non-smoking crusader all my life…but especially so in the last 2 years. I’m a Canadian, eh… and I live in BC. 

Two years ago my province set up a smoking cessation program making it possible for all our smokers to kick for free by using the patch or the gum. All you had to do was go and register at your local pharmacy. The cost of the program would be covered through taxes collected from cigarettes purchased.

I thought there would be line-ups around the block. There should have been…but there wasn’t! That started me doing research, and I soon discovered that smoking is really NOT a habit…but an addiction. But when I tried to convince my smoking friends of that, I got all the usual excuses and denials.

You’re probably wondering why any of this should even concern a non-smoker. Well, there are a number of reasons why it does…but I’ll just name a few. First of all, unlike any other disgusting habit, like nose-picking for example, it DOES affect everyone that comes within 10 paces of a smoker. Second-hand smoke still has the 60-plus number of known carcinogens in it. You’re far more likely to crash your car into me if you smoke while driving. And for those of us with socialized Medicare like us Canadians, we eventually wind up paying higher taxes to cover smokers’ illnesses when they INEVITABLY have to get medical help due to their smoking-related illness…which are numerous and I won’t go into here.

But to get to the point, I have read the book by Allen Carr, “The easy way to stop smoking”. This is by far the most thorough and simple-to-understand look at this illness. Not only does it explain in great detail what a smoker can expect to experience upon deciding to quit, it also gives helpful hints on how to make the experience enjoyable. 

Research him on Wikipedia, and you’ll learn he was once a 100-a-day chain smoker before teaching himself a cure which he used on himself, and, transformed into an international business including 100 clinics in 35 countries which claimed a 90% success rate in helping smokers quit for 3 months, and, a 51% success rate for helping people to quit for 12 months.

Contrast that with cold turkey, 3-to-5%; nicotine replacement therapy (patch, gum), 7-to-10%; Chantix, 15-to-20%, and you can see why Carr’s clinics were able to offer a money-back guarantee…and still stay in business all these years. (There’s probably one near you!)

So…what have you got to lose by checking out the book…either at your local library, or splurging to buy it for yourself? Nothing….except your health…your life…and thousands of dollars over a lifetime.

Good luck.
