I'm losing my fucking mind

I don't know what is going on but I can't talk myself down right now. 

This has not been a good day. I mean it hasn't been exceptionally bad or anything, but it's the closest I've come to messing up so far.

As hard as this journey has been, it has just been hard because it has been unpleasant. Today is different. My brain is going all fucking out on the defense mechanisms.

The attempts I have made to rationalize getting any sort of nicotine today have been absurd. To the point that I have been sitting in my car at the convenience store, looking in to the store thinking about buying cigarettes, more than once today. 

And what a feeling. Staring at the steering wheel and just fighting with myself, each side as adamant and sure as the other. I feel like multiple different people.

Somehow I managed not to, but it hasn't gotten any easier since leaving the convenience store parking lot the most recent time. It's just harder and harder all evening I don't know what my problem is.

I made it though, I think. I'm home now and I won't leave again today. But wow. Once you start feeling secure in having gone beyond the withdrawals everything takes on a whole new type of difficult. Like I am fucking mad right now. Really pissed off. There *was* a trigger but it was like 4 or 5 hours ago. But the rage hasn't dissipated at all. What a fucking day

Don't get overconfident guys. Nicotine is one enemy, one I thought was the biggest. Today I am realizing that my own coping mechanisms are my biggest enemy. 

Stay strong and be vigilant everyone!

PS: Sorry about all the curse words. They feel satisfying to use right now and I am being indulgent in every way I can that does not involve nicotine. 

PPS: I guess the lesson I have learned today and would want to impart to others is: Never stop fighting. It's going to be a battle every day, and for a while. That really fucking sucks, but it only sucks until we find our way to the other side. Once we find our way to the other side it will be the most rewarding thing ever. The only thing preventing us from getting there is our willingness to accept excuses to give up. Today I want to encourage you all to keep fighting as hard as I have had to fight today. I am a giant ball of how shitty it is to be fighting some days but we can't give up. If we do all the previous suffering was for nothing. We can't. I can't. I think this was all to convince me but maybe someone else needed to hear it to so here is my ramble