Why I want to quit smoking and why "relapsing" wasn't worth it.

I want to thank everyone on /r/stopsmoking for the amazing support that everyone gave me and gives each other every day.

I need to quit smoking. I'm 19 years old and when I was in high school I was a great runner. My 58 year old mother runs marathons, and my twin sister is a star athlete who just made nationals in the mile at her college. I'm going on 20 years old and I still have to hide smoking from my family even though they know I smoke. I work out, and eat healthy even though I'm still chained down to smoking. 

The 30 days that I quit smoking were amazing. After the 7th day it was a walk in the park. The cravings were almost gone and by the 14th day I didn't have any cravings at all, my taste buds were back to normal, and I could smell everything again (never realized how bad my clothes smelled of smoke).

After 30 days of not smoking I got a job and I was a bit too stressed out for it so I took up smoking again. I thought this would help my stress (and it did for a while) but after a month of smoking again I felt disgusting. My family was dissapointed that I took up smoking again after they were so proud that I quit and each cigarette made me feel worse than before.

I'm joining the Marines soon and I want to quit smoking before I go to basic.

Anyways I want everyone to know that picking smoking up again is NOT worth it. If you've gotten past the 3 day mark do whatever you can to not buy a pack of cigarettes. Hide your money, give your ID to someone that your trust, whatever it takes. 

I checked /r/stopsmoking today and found out that I would have been 405 days today since my last cigarette. Planning on quitting this week. Thank you /r/stopsmokiong for all of the support that you've given me in the past. This really has been the best tool I've had for quitting :)


Edit: This picture has been posted in the past but I think it accurately describes this subreddit! http://i.imgur.com/sCiU5Wm.jpg