Today marks my 1 year of no smoking! It's been life changing and here is why.

If you had sent me a picture of what I look like now compared to then I would have thought you were crazy. 

January 28th at 4 pm is the day I threw my last pack of cigarettes away with 10 cigarettes left in the pack. I wasn't just quitting smoking I was beginning my journey to a healthier more confident lifestyle. At this time I had little to no confidence in my self and absolutely no self discipline or life motivation.

A month into quitting my confidence skyrocketed. I was actually quitting smoking. I was sticking to something and not giving up. I actually saw that I had self discipline. Everyone does, it just needs to be uncovered. I didn't smell like shit, I could smell again, taste food again, my dick worked better, my anxiety lessened, I could breathe, and my head was more clear. The feeling of being actually healthy was very very addicting. I couldn't get enough of the stable happiness that I was receiving from this. No more extreme highs and extreme lows.

A few more months after that I had started running along with lifting weights. I've been lifting weights for a couple of years now, but wasn't seeing any huge progress. 

I began tracking my calories, logging my runs, and logging all of my workouts. In hopes of gaining weight I tracked EVERYTHING I put into my body. I was sitting at 165 lbs 5'11" and desperately wanted to be 180. I stopped running and focused just on my weight training. As much as I loved running it was hindering my weight gain.

Holy crap I can't even describe the extra energy I have! I'm not sure if quitting boosted my testosterone but I can't do enough in one day to even make me feel tired! 

Today a year later my weight is 190 pounds. I've hit my goals and then some. This picture is a few months old but here's a transformation from 3 years. Granted not all of that transformation happened this year but I'd say a great deal of it did. 180 pounds in the picture. http://i.imgur.com/aVkrFoP.jpg

From the confidence I gained from not smoking I ended up getting promoted into management at my job. I started college last week and I could not be happier with these results. I'm still making different changes to my life and I plan on continuing to change as much as I can.

This all did not happen overnight remember that. I recommend taking baby steps. Grab the confidence that you're going to receive from quitting smoking and ride that shit for as long as you can. YOU have control over your life. Most things that happen in your life can be changed by you. If you want something badly enough fucking go for it. Even if you may fail try your damn hardest to succeed. In the journey of whatever you're trying to change you may find a few other things along the way.

Quitting smoking has made this year the best year of my life. I can also honestly say that I enjoyed the first month of quitting as well. You need to look at quitting smoking as a new adventure. You're a fucking badass for quitting. Don't forget that. Every little thing that you notice different about your body and mind while quitting take notice of this.

This isn't SUPER relevant but maybe if it's mentioned I can inspire you guys some more! I've has OCD and Tourette's since I was 3 years old. I've battled with depression and anxiety since I was a teenager. Jumping to this new lifestyle has not only helped my Tourette's tics and compulsions but it has also SEVERELY helped my depression and anxiety. I hope this is something a few of you can look forward too as well. 
Thank you /r/nosmoking you have helped me SO SO SO much! You're such a great community and I can't thank you enough. 