Help. I'm a raging bitch and it sucks.

Hi guys. I haven't smoked in almost 48 hours.  It just happened.  I didn't set a plan.  It was cold turkey.  (Mmm cold turkey would be good right now.)  Now I want the world to burn and I'm tired of feeling crazy.

Background:  I've been having heart palpitations every 10 minutes or so for a week now.  Went to the dr.  Said it was anxiety.  He did an ekg everything was normal.  I told him I wanted to quit smoking and had been a bit depressed lately (said through tears) since my best friend died on Thanksgiving.  He gives me wellbutrin and says that would take care of the anxiety as well as help me quit smoking.

I picked up the prescription and decided I would start it the next morning so I'd have a regular schedule with it.  I continue smoking, less than usual, but still an occasional cigarette.  I was keeping the palpitations somewhat in check with Xanax but I'd run out.
I get up the next morning, take my wellbutrin, and set about my business.  About 30 minutes later, my heart feels like it's going to pop out of my chest and is flip flopping crazily.   I knew that was a possible side effect of wellbutrin so I decided to lay down in hopes that it would calm down.  

I smoked what would be my last cigarette before taking the wellbutrin.  I haven't had one since.  I've stopped the wellbutrin by Dr's orders because I should have never been prescribed it while having palpitations.  

I'm almost at 48 hours and want a cigarette.  I also want to punch the world in the face. I hate everyone and everything right now.  I've taken the last 2 days off of work but have to go back tonight.  Thankfully I work from home and communicate via chat with my agents.  Otherwise, I wouldn't be safe to go in public.

My biggest concern is my boyfriend and daughter. I know I'm being such an asshole to them.  I'm trying to keep it in check. Really.  But, it's not working.  I keep banishing myself to the back porch because it's the only place I can go where nobody follows me.

 Help me.