I've been a stress case lately (Day 12)

Looking at the Smokefree app today - I'm here, Day 12! *Proud of myself - Woohoo!* But it has been a whirlwind of emotions and feel like my willpower is being tested lately. 

Last Thursday while driving home from work, I came up to some traffic in my residential neighborhood and after a few minutes saw it was a car accident. Saw a black truck totaled and thought to myself *"Oh that better not be my nephew's truck!!"* Sure enough it was, luckily he was standing on the side of the road. Pulled over to check on him and help with any way I could. My heart was racing and seeing a 7-11 across the road, was beyond tempted to run in a grab a pack of smokes, knowing it would calm me down in a heart beat. A friend had talked me down from going inside and I went on my way after assisting my nephew. After a while, I was still a bit worked up but talked to myself - smoking wouldn't of helped, it would defuse the situation for a brief moment. 

Friday evening, I baby sat my nieces who were dead tired when I picked them up. I had a short temper with one of them and almost started crying out frustration, in the back of my head I was thinking *"Oh a cigarette would set me right"* but looking at her, reminded myself - they've never seen me smoke and NEVER will! That put me back in the right head space.

Sunday, my dad dragged me over to my sister's house to help do some chores over there (cleaning has been a big thing for me with quitting, keeping myself busy/feeling productive) My sister had been stomach sick and told us all it was food poisoning, but it was going on for too long - we sent her to the urgent care and within 30 minutes she was back and said they advise her to head to the ER. I signed up to go with her, as no one wants to be in the ER sick and alone. After 3 hours of testing, we found she had appendicitis. Both of us completely shocked as she had no pain in that area. I start panicking, calling our parents with horrible cell service. What I would've of done to go outside to hand those calls and a pack of cigarettes, would of collectively put me at ease. I gave up on the phone calls, since I kept losing service. I took off my jacket and the ER nurse noticed my patch and asked if I was quitting. She was so sweet and said *"it's a big step, and be proud of yourself and your progress - Day 10 is BIG!"* I let a huge sigh of relief and said thank you with a huge smile on my face. My sister even smiled through her tears. I reminded myself, I have to be strong for my sister and her fears. I am bigger than smoking, I've already made it a week, I got this! 

Monday (yesterday) was another challenge with my sister's surgery schedule and my best friend in the same hospital ER for an injury. I beyond worried about now two loved ones, but I knew smoking wouldn't make them better, nor make me feel better. It's been a lot of mind games lately and feeling tested with the urges of wanting to light up. I've kept myself from caving during the stressful times and couldn't be happier that I fought through cravings. I've been having dreams of myself smoking and I catch myself waking up, questioning myself. Not only am I proud, but my love ones are as well, knowing the stress I'm under. Keep yourself motivated, use the app, keep yourself accountable - be excited for your health improvements. Nothing is ever easy and this is proof of it. 