22 days and I'm still getting up and walking towards to the door for a smoke break without even thinking. (everything changes when you cut nicotine)

I just did it a few minutes ago. I paused the game I was playing and starting walking towards the door. At this point, after being cold turkey the whole time, I go through most days not thinking about smoking at all, minus the occasional urge.




 But it's those long 20 minute car rides to work where I notice myself reaching for the cupholder that would have had a pack of smokes in it. It's the nights in my room where I'm reading/gaming/watching TV when I just get up and put my shoes on absent mindedly walk towards the door. And I always stop and think to myself before I open the door: "To do what??". I'm going outside to do *what*? 



It's been 22 days since I posted here about getting home drunk and shouting at a pack of cigarettes, and I haven't taken back the insults I hurled at tobacco in my drunken stupor ("f** you", "you don't own me anymore", etc) . Yes, I have yet to yell those things at alcohol, but I'm proud of how far I've come at least. I've been smoking for ten years, since I was 12yo, and I'm breaking connections my brain never thought it would lose.



But look, Reddit. What I think I need is for one of you to tell me that I'm not losing my mind, but that in just drunk and need to go to bed and stop worrying myself. I'm not worried that I'll smoke again, I'm just afraid of what's to come, I guess. There's times where social anxiety hits me in a group of friends and I desperately need to go outside for a second, because I used to go smoke in that situation. Or maybe I'm at work on break and I my first instinct is to go to my car. 



This is insane... Literally everything changes when you cut out nicotine, and no one tells you that! I declined the opportunity to go on break at work the other day because I DIDN'T KNOW WHAT TO DO ON BREAK. What do people do on break other than smoke???



Just please, one of you tell me to call down and breathe cause others are going through this too. Tell me I'm not the only one who's life has been radically changed by changing this one thing. 