Introducing myself

Hi fellow ex-or-soon-to-be-ex-smokers. I’ve been reading here for a bit and thought I’d introduce myself.

I’ve been smoking for over 30 years. Scary. I quit once 15 years ago and maintained abstinence for a solid year, but I was basically white-knuckling it the entire time and never stopped wanting to smoke. I stopped smoking but I didn’t become a non-smoker if that makes sense. I’ve wanted to quit again for a couple of years but was trying to get my life to calm down a bit... well I give up on waiting for that to happen. If I wait until the “right” or easy time, I’ll be waiting forever. 

I’m doing a program through a local addiction hospital, there’s group work, some individual counselling, and they provide any medication and/or NRT for up to six months. (I’d love to be able to go cold-turkey but that’s not a safe option for me right now, I have literally zero support at home, I’m remarkably isolated, so no one thinks it’s a good idea to put me in sharp withdrawal and I have to agree with them) It’s a good program, basically a structured relapse prevention model with some CBT mixed in there, lots of strategies etc, excellent groups and they really help a lot. I started Zyban but found even the initial dose (150mg) to be too much side-effect wise, so I’ve started a compounded 75mg dose. I have a supply of patches and lozenges, which I was planning to start using on my planned quit date (Feb 21), but I might start using them earlier just to sort of take the drama out of the quit date. Like I might just put one on tomorrow and see how it goes. The doctor at the clinic (who I trust, these guys really know their stuff) has given me the go-ahead to start using the patches whenever I want, and see if it helps me to cut down before I actually quit. 

I will say that this is not my first addiction rodeo, I’m almost 10 years clean and sober, and I’ve also struggled with an eating disorder (which for me is basically identical to other addictions, in terms of my experience of it at least). So I have some strengths from my experiences, but also some fears. Addiction is one of my life’s biggest struggles so far and it’s a bit scary to take this last one away. I worry about other ones, old or new, taking its place, and I worry about what happens when I don’t have any “habits” left to distract me from myself. I’m not winging it on that, I’ve put a lot in place to maintain safety and all the appropriate people know what to do and who to call if I don’t show up etc, and I’m doing a lot of recovery work. But yeah it’s scary.

So that’s my story! I hope to contribute to this community :) 