Day 2 guys!

So I woke up this morning with SO. MUCH. SUPPORT from you guys!

Today is day 2 for me. Not sure why my badge is still showing 1 day, but it really is day 2. I suppose it could be a time zone thing perhaps. I am in South Africa. 

Anyways. Wen't for a 22km bicycle ride, which was excruciatingly slow for me. Riding partner is a newbie, so I had to show some patience. 

Got home and wife was busy cleaning the entire house, ridding it off any evidence of cigarettes, smoke, ashtrays, etc. I am feeling very happy, and I am jolly. Almost too much. It annoys the shit out of mrs Traaidmark. She is annoyed by everything though, so all good. I fixed our post box outside, and immediately craved. 

I realise that almost every single thing I do is followed by a cigarette. Wake up, smoke. Go for shower and get ready for day, smoke. Go cycle, feel good about self, smoke. Do some DIY, smoke. Eat lunch, smoke. Mention to wife how incredibly sad it is that a thing has ingrained itself so heavily into our lives, so much so that we are BORED, because we can't smoke. Fuck. This. 

Wife is taking strain, bumps her head and bursts into tears. Uh-Oh. I do my best to help her, and she is more annoyed because I'm not annoyed. I realise that I am mentally pushing myself to make light of EVERYTHING, even not smoking. I have a craving, and I make a joke about it. I realise that all this is like a big wave for me, and if I don't stay on top of it, and make fun of it, and be happy and jolly, I will go under the wave and be terribly depressed. I realise that depressed Traaidmark cannot be reasoned with, and will not. SO happy me it is then. for as long as I can.

I made lunch, and decided to go buy all of the chips, and popcorn in the world. I also fixed up the garden a bit, followed by a lovely afternoon nap. Woke up and wife and i wen't to go buy an ice cream cone at the beach, sat in the car and ate it. was fun. Want a beer but decided it's best not to push the envelope.

Tonight is movie night and boerewors rolls (like hotdogs, just better). Easy food. Fun food.

Tomorrow is day 3. Tomorrow is going to be a challenge. I am bored as fuck already, and tomorrow will be worse. I have run out of things to do here, and will need to think of something. I am now on my laptop, and for the first time since Friday morning I can focus enough to actually think and write stuff.  This is also my longest reddit post! w00t!

I still think of all this as just being a bit ill. All this is just symptoms. My body is a bit ill and it's getting better now. I have survived every single illness I have ever had. Including kidney stones. c'mon son. We got this.

The cravings are more pronounced, but dull. completely bearable. not sure why, or how. when I tried to scale down a month ago the cravings were intense and I really struggled going from 1 hr to 2 hr smoke breaks at work. I gave up after day 2. Odd huh. 