Day 3: Choppy waters ahead

Hallo! So it's now 20:00 on day 3. It has been a rough day. It started with severe abdomal pain at around midnight, so much so that at 02:00 I had to go have a lie down at my local emergency room. Got home at 05:00 again feeling AMAZING (drugs ftw I guess). 

At first I was like, screw the world for testing me this badly so quickly. wtf right? but it turned out to be a blessing in disguise. I was so tired that I essentially just slept the whole day.

Wife is really struggling. She got stuck in the hole, and it's hard to try to get her out of it. She is trying so hard to be strong, and it's almost heartbreaking to watch. I do my best to try and help her. She is thinking of perhaps using some form of aid, like vaping or patches. I want her to just keep strong for 3 more days before going on something like that. Not sure if that's the right choice though. Obviously I can't know what she feels like, or what's going to help her the best.

We wen't for a 1,6km walk this afternoon. I loved it. Wife is negative about everything. lol. We actually did end up having a nice chat, I think she trying very hard to not be negative. 

I have few to none cravings. If I would have to put a number on it, I would say about 3. I just don't care about smoking today. I feel like shit (no sleep, abdomal pain residue, very tired and groggy), and just want to get to bed. 

I would say the biggest challenge at the moment for me is to help my wife get better. She is on the edge, and she is doing a lot to make me not notice she is having a shit time. So if you got some advice on how to get her feeling better, pleeease. 

She don't respond well to the usual stuff like:

- think about how you are making your life better
- think about savings
- The soppy stuff like, thinking positive and talking about it

I think I need to find a way to help her with the anxiety and physical stuff. Perhaps a mild to light anxiety helper of some sort? I believe quite strongly that any sort of nicotene helper will just prolong the suffering. I basically want us to at least get through day 10 before we seek nicotene related help. But I also don't want to push too hard, or make things unbearable for her, she is a fuckign rockstar, and don't deserve the torture.