Didn't think it would be like this

I started smoking 3 years ago. For the last year or so I struggled on and off with not smoking. There was a period where I didn't have a job and so I didn't buy packs for a while, so that I wasn't wasting my money. I was fooling myself into thinking that I was quitting, or that I was doing well, because I wasn't spending money on cigarettes, disregarding the fact that every time a friend would pull one out and offer me on, I would grab it without question. I would light it up happily. I was at this weird point where I knew I should quit and there was that part of me that wanted to, but I didn't want to let go of it. I didn't want to let go of taking breaks from a party, going outside for a few minutes when I feel claustrophobic, being by myself with a little bit of time to think. I didn't want to let go of the social aspect. I knew, though, that all of it was silly. Could I partake in the act of smoking with my friends, assuming I quit? No, but I could still be social with them. And regardless of what I look like to other people, there's nothing stopping me from going outside, or seeking isolation for a little while to think. There's nothing stopping me from taking a breather. I knew I didn't need them, but that other part of me wouldn't let me let go. It used the good habits that smoking cigarettes formed as an excuse to continue a nasty habit, habit that's bad for my body, my mind, and my person. I always thought it strange that I could want nothing more than to just fucking stop, yet at the exact same time, I wanted nothing more than one more cigarette. The worst part about wanting to quit but failing is the nature of smoking. I'd be outside, by myself, with nothing and nobody but my own thoughts. This isolation I'd seek in order to clear my mind, in order to think, was actually just spent criticizing myself, it was spent in shame, because I didn't have the willpower to control myself, to make a decision like an adult and actually go through with it. I just spent this "thinking time" beating myself up because I failed. Again. I knew what I had to do but I didn't let myself. All of my attempts to quit were half-assed and I knew that. I would tell myself I'm done, but the second I got a few beers in me and a generous friend would offer me my favorite brand (American Spirits ahh), I would make excuses, I would justify doing something I knew I shouldn't.

Well, the 19th of January I was out drinking with a buddy. At the end of the night we both wanted cigs (I was str8 fukd m8), and my drunk ass caved and bought a pack. But I immediately knew that I shouldn't have. When he dropped me off, after we smoked probably 2 each, I knew that all of the things I thought I wanted (that last, farewell smoke, to remember the good times and all that, or the convenience to smoke casually without being addicted, etc) were all just bullshit. It was bullshit. It was all a waste. I shouldn't want to remember them fondly. I shouldn't make some pact. I just needed to stop. It was a waste of my self-confidence, of my lungs, of my wallet, of everything. I told him to keep the pack, throw it away, give it away, I didn't care. I woke up the next day, went out for breakfast with a buddy, and when he offered me a hit, I briefly struggled but ultimately and firmly said no. Since that moment I've not thought about cigarettes with any desire. I've thought about them as a slave master of sorts that I'm now free of. It's weird, before when I would "quit", I feared that day I would go back. I don't fear that day now. I haven't hit one in almost 2 weeks now, and I don't need them. That is so vividly clear to me now. I don't even want them. I want nothing to do with them. I've gone out drinking 3 times since then and haven't even thought about them on those outings. It's so easy. It's a waste and I know that. I was so drunk that night, I don't remember anything about that last cigarette I had, and I'm glad. Good riddance. I've felt great these past 2 weeks. Mentally, physically. I feel proud of myself and I feel hopeful for the future. I'm not worried about my lungs, and I don't beat myself up on a daily basis. Some might think it's too early to be celebrating but I have no doubt in my mind that I've left that chapter of my life and I couldn't be happier about it.

To those who have already quit successfully, congratulations. To those who are trying, you can do it. I know you can, and if you're unsure, you shouldn't be. It's just a drug and you're more powerful than it, if you want to be.

Cheers, everybody! I hope this wasn't too long or too boring to read. I just feel great about life and wanted to share. :]

EDIT: just to clarify the title. I didn't think it would be this simple and easy. I feel better and better by the day. I figured it would be difficult. But it turns out, as soon as I truly made that decision and had stuck with it, all I really wanted was for my streak to get longer. 13 days in, I'd sooner shoot myself in the foot than have to start back from day 1.