One Week In

I'd just like to share my thoughts from my first cigarette-free week in a long time. This honestly feels different than my previous attempts in that I don't feel like this is just an attempt but my new reality. I don't want to jinx myself but I feel like it's going to stick this time. Always in the past I thought I was actively doing something byquitting, by not giving into the urge to smoke. I look at this differently now. I realize that I'm actually not doing anything now and was putting a lot of time, effort, energy, and money into maintaining my habit. I think of it like this, I would have to consciously choose to pick up another cigarette and pick up the habit again. I've made my decision and the only way that would change is if I chose to go back to the way things were. This is the first week of, hopefully, the rest of my life without cigarettes. This is what I've wanted for years. I almost don't believe it but I'm really starting to. I just hope this doesn't change. 

I have already saved close to $100 and not smoked 8 packs of cigs that I would have otherwise. I feel more energetic and alert. At work the day seems to go by so much faster and I'm on point, which is a definite plus in my field. I can taste and smell my food again. And the best part is that I can actually enjoy moments like seeing a movie or being out with friends without constantly worrying about having that next smoke. I can actually relax now. It seems like I have so much more time for everything. I was drinking at a party this weekend which worried me because I know how that goes. I didn't have the slightest desire to bum a cigarette from the smokers. I can only see the upside here and never want to go back to smoking. If things get out of hand I saved an ashtray full of cigarette butts in a plastic bag. The thing is so fucking disgusting but it's important to remember what smoking actually is, not what my addicted brain tells me it was. I plan to keep it until the one year mark and I can get rid of it and cigarettes once and for all. 

Any thoughts would be welcomed!