Dog smelled like ash tray

I’m a vet tech. 14 year smoker and have been cold turkey quit for almost 3 wks. Day 20. Yay! Go team. 

I’ve def had some powerful cravings this wk, just a case of the 3’s I guess, but we had a client come into the clinic and her poor dog REEKED of cigarette smoke (as did she of course) and that was the swift kick in the ass I needed to ignore the rest of my cravings that day when they would rear their ugly heads. It made me wonder, did MY dog stink? I honestly tried to be pretty aware of smoking around my pets, I mostly smoked outside or in my car, avoided smoking around my dog in small spaces, but still. Not gonna lie, if it was hot as balls outside or raining, I’d smoke in the house. I’d always have my first cigarette of the day on the couch bec I didn’t want to put clothes on to go outside until I was more “awake”. My poor dog being forced to inhale passive smoke. Granted I never chain smoked in my house, didn’t like smoking inside much at all, it all really depended on weather and laziness, but that doesn’t make me ANY better than anyone who has or does. I was still releasing those toxins into the air for my dog to breathe. Same thing. 

How horrible to do this to our precious fur babies! I never noticed the “smokers” pets before, having smoked myself and having had zero sinus function (PS-just after 3 wks I can breathe and smell and it’s incredible) so yeah...think about that while you’re quitting if you have a tempting day. Just go pet your dog or cat or snake or guinea pig or whatever you may have and relish in the joy that you’re helping them live longer as well. Petting my dog has become of my of biggest and more meaningful coping mechanisms. Just pure love there ❤️ 

I swear I see the gratitude in my girls eyes when I plop down on the couch in the morning and don’t light up. Animals cringe and walk away from cig smoke. It’s 100% against nature and defies it in every sense of the word. That speaks volumes to me. I’m glad that client came in and although it made me feel horrible and guilty, and honestly a little like vomiting, it was the slap in the face that I needed and I’m going to hold on to that feeling any time that nicotine demon tries to fool me into thinking I want one of those nasty stink sticks. 

