I Really Want to Quit Smoking, But I Want to Smoke?!

I really, really want to quit smoking, but I really want to smoke a cigarette! What's wrong with me? 

These thoughts aren't all that uncommon when we first quit smoking. As we get through the first few days or longer of not smoking and start to take our first steps towards freedom. 

But these thoughts can leave us wondering sometimes. Why do we have this split personality? Are we missing something within us? Are we just too weak to quit smoking? 

We really want to quit smoking. We really want to remove this addiction from our life, but at the same time all we can think about is smoking a cigarette. Confusing? Not really. 



Your logical mind really wants to quit smoking. Your logical mind really wants to remove this absurd deadly addiction from your life. You really want to be free. This is definite and there is no contradiction here. 

There is an obstacle though.... physical withdrawal or thoughts and urges to smoke. 

Your body is an amazing machine. Don't look at yourself as weak, but really understand just how strong you are. Imagine, for decades you put a poison into your body day in and day out. A poison that was almost 2x as deadly as the Diamondback's rattlesnake poison. A poison that was 3x as deadly as arsenic, not to mention the thousands of chemicals that went with it. 

Think about how amazing it is that your body was still able to function even after being subjected to all those poisons for all those years! Why? Because the body is amazing! It is resilient! But being able to adapt to this poison created a problem. Your body had to absorb this poison and make it a part of normal everyday function. 

Now you're going through withdrawal. You're removing something that your body thinks now is part of normal everyday function. You're feeling uncomfortable. Withdrawal causes a subtle fight or flight feeling. It causes an empty ,antsy uncomfortable feeling. Now another part of your mind, the subconscious mind is going to work. 

After years of smoking, your subconscious mind has been conditioned by the cigarette. It doesn't know right from wrong. It doesn't know logical from illogical. 

Just as if you were in some kind of real danger as if there was something wrong, the subconscious takes out its notes from previous experience and goes down the list. 

 What is going to help with this situation? It asks. What is going to get rid of this danger, this uncomfortable feeling that is being experienced? It thinks. 

After all those years of smoking, it remembers that a cigarette will remove this empty, antsy, insecure feeling. So it sends you a signal. Smoke a cigarette and you'll feel better. 

It's not doing this because it is simply some junkie mind, but it is actually looking out for your best interests. It is there to help keep you safe and comfortable. The problem is, that nicotine has fooled your subconscious into thinking that nicotine makes you safe and without it, something is wrong. Like there is some real outside danger, that it is trying to flee. 

And this is where you get your split personality. This is where the contradiction lies. This is where the so called "Nicodemon" comes from. 

There is nothing wrong with you. It is nicotine that created the flaw. It is nicotine that created the problem. You are removing the flaw. You are on your way to becoming complete again. 

Just as your subconscious will send you signals when you are hungry as a reminder to eat. You are starving the addiction right now and your subconscious is sending you signals to smoke, because it thinks that nicotine is a normal part of function. 

But the problem can happen when we take those thoughts and validate them with the belief in the cigarette. We then latch onto them and hold them and fixate on them. This will cause the fixation on smoking. 


When this happens. This is when we tend to turn towards our willpower to get us out of this situation. This is when we turn towards willpower to help us fight off these thoughts. 

But what is willpower? In this situation, it is resisting NOT doing something that you are compelled to do. 

Withdrawal causes the body to go into a fight or flight mode. So what happens when you try and resist this and use willpower and fight off a crave? 

You go into a fight or flight mode. You cannot make a crave diminish, by feeding it the feeling that it thrives on. It will only grow and will cause you to have to use more willpower and this cycle will repeat itself and everything may end up feeling overwhelming. 

What you resist, persists. 

So how about surrendering? Not surrendering as in I give up. But surrendering is in letting what is, be. 

You're craving a cigarette. It is what it is. Does fighting that thought change that thought or is it making that thought become THE ONLY THOUGHT? You cannot beat your enemy when you let it set up post in your mind. 

Have you ever tried to remember something really hard, only to have a harder time trying to remember it? 

When you keep trying not to think of something, what usually happens is that's ALL you end up thinking about. 

When you have a crave, try to simply acknowledge and surrender to it. I know this is easier said than done, but try not to automatically become the reaction to the thought. Accept that what is, is what is and by trying to fight it off or trying not to think about it, will probably work in reverse. 

You don't have to like having a crave, but if you accept it, you can disconnect from being the crave to seeing that it is only something that is happening at the moment and moments always pass. This can create space and peace within the moment of discomfort. 

Remember, deep breathing. Please do not write this off. It is the cornerstone of every single relaxation technique out there. It really does help when you do it. When done correctly. 

Also, don't fixate on smoking a cigarette. This will quickly cause you to lose focus that you're not depriving yourself from a cigarette, but are actually freeing yourself from the tens of thousands of cigarettes that you would HAVE to smoke. 

Remember, you're ridding yourself of guilt, by ridding yourself of  smoking. You're ridding yourself of the self loathing by ridding yourself of smoking. You're ridding yourself from unneeded complexity in your life by ridding yourself of smoking. You're not giving up anything. You are ridding yourself from an absurd useless addiction. 

Don't be hard on yourself for having thoughts to smoke when first quitting. It is normal! The trick is to change HOW you deal with those thoughts. 

When we first quit smoking. Keep in mind, THIS IS NOT WHAT IT IS LIKE TO BE AN EX SMOKER!! 

It is simply a smoker going through withdrawal and removing the flaw that smoking caused, that is creating this TEMPORARY discomfort. 

THIS IS SMOKING'S FAULT! Not quittings. 

Quitting smoking isn't about being stronger than our addiction. For if this were true, none of us would be addicts and we wouldn't even be on this board. It is about being smarter. 

I can tell you now, that if smoking relied solely on strength to quit. I wouldn't be here writing this post. I would be smoking right now. 

YOU CAN QUIT!! Stop believing in the cigarette and believe in yourself!! 

One last note: In this post. I mentioned the term Nicodemon and put that term in quotations. This is something that has been said on quit smoking boards for some time to describe the contradictory thoughts that people have when they quit smoking. While it may be a catchy phrase and I'm not knocking anyone for using the phrase. I just want to point out something about nicotine. 

Nicotine is a chemical. An alkaloid. It is neither good nor evil. It just simply is. It has an I.Q. of zero. It cannot think, plot, plan, conspire or trick you into relapse. The fact that nicotine has absolutely zero intelligence is in fact your greatest weapon against this addiction. 

But when we start calling our own thoughts from within, the Nicodemon. This turns this inanimate chemical with zero intelligence into an outside entity that you must battle to win. This makes nicotine seem to have the ability to think, conspire and outsmart you into relapsing. When in reality it is only your own thoughts doing this. It is only YOU. 

But if the Nicodemon were real. I think that there is a movie that came out some years back, that that might be a good analogy for this. 

It is called Jacob's Ladder, with Timothy Robbins. 

If you haven't seen it. In the movie it starts off in a war. His platoon gets ambushed and he gets stabbed and it looks like he is dying.. Fast forward to the next scene and we next see him working as a postman. 

What starts to happen next is that he starts to see demons wherever he goes. He becomes terrified of everything. He feels like he is losing his mind. He has a chiropractor that he asks for advice throughout the movie about the things that he has seen. The chiropractor seems to just listen patiently and gives him soothing advice when needed.

To make a long story short. It turns out that the character was supposed to die back in the first scene of the movie when he was stabbed, but he didn't. He clinged onto his life, when he should have let go. 

When he finally realizes this. He finds out that his chiropractor is actually indeed his guardian angel, that was there to look over him. 

His guardian angel then tells him that all the suffering he experienced and all the demons that he kept seeing were because of what he held onto. It was only after realizing the truth and surrendering to it and letting go, did he realize that the demons that he constantly saw and were tormenting his life, were actually angels that had come to take him away from the suffering. 

The death you are experiencing is the death of addiction. Surrender to it. Embrace it. It is the beginning of the end of suffering. 


Eric 



I smoked my last cigarette on July 4th 2004