People Who "Get" to Smoke

Everyone who quits smoking will be faced with a situation at one time or another where there they may get strong urges to smoke and may feel deprived, because they no longer "get" to smoke. 

A fellow quitter brought up such a scenario that she was concerned about. 

For years, about once a year, she and her friends get together for a weekend holiday, have some drinks and catch up with each other. They all still smoke and this worried her, not only because she was now the only non smoker and this was her first time meeting up with them as a non smoker, but also the fact that she had junkie thoughts that were already surfacing and she was feeling a bit deprived. 

What new (all) quitters need to be aware of in situations like this, is that they may be dealing with nostalgia. Being with their friends and having a good time, thoughts of smoking may come up. It is these situations that can create the illusion that smoking was pleasurable. 


If these thoughts do arise, it is important to remember that their friends HAVE to smoke. They don't GET to smoke. 

When a new (all) quitter is in a situation such as this when they are with all their friends who are smoking and everyone is having a good time laughing and drinking . This can sometimes make the quitter miss smoking and feeling a bit deprived, because their friends still "get" to smoke. 

This is an illusion and the truth is, the quitters friend's are having a good time, laughing it up and enjoying themselves DESPITE smoking, NOT because of it. 

All of those smokers are just trying to keep themselves comfortable. They are only trying to keep themselves calm and the only way they can do it is to smoke a cigarette. They must keep replenishing nicotine constantly to feel calm, but that calmness is only temporary and that calmness is only from relieving an anxiety that the previous cigarette created. An anxiety that should have never been there in the first place! 

Smoking is not a pleasure. It is a prison! While the quitter might occasionally think of smoking and maybe envy their friends in situations like this. It is a moment and moments pass. It is really the smokers who probably constantly envy the quitter and wish they could do the same thing, by relieving themselves of this nasty addiction. 

Your friends don't have a choice, you do. While in situations like this. It might feel like you don't "GET" to smoke, understand though, that you do. You can smoke anytime you desire, but the beautiful truth is, you are making a choice not to. That is empowering, for the ex smoker has complete control over this decision to smoke or not. 

Unfortunately, the smoking friends do not have this gift to choose this simply. They do not have the luxury to smoke or not without consequences. Either decision they make will have ramifications to the choice that they made. They can either start to feel withdrawal and anxiety from quitting or they must continue to smoke to feel what ex smokers already feel...Calmness. 

This is such a cruel trick. Don't fall for it anymore. 


I just came back from Japan a while ago and was watching smokers as I was waiting for my ride. 

I'll tell you what. If you ever think of smoking, go to the airport and watch smokers. Nothing will break the illusion of smoking faster than watching people smoke before they go to catch their plane. 

Watch them stand outside cold, bundled up trying to keep warm in winter weather. Watch them concentrate smoking that cigarette. Watch them as they take their last drag before they put it out. Really watch them and you will see their hesitation as they take that last drag. You can almost see them thinking to themselves, " Do they try to get one more drag out of the cigarette or do they put it out in the ashtray?" Sometimes you will actually see the hesitation as they almost put it out then reconsider and take that last drag off their cigarette. 

If you really watch them as they put that cigarette out. You can almost see the fear in their eyes. You can see the contemplation of deciding should they go catch the plane or do they have just enough time to suck down one more cigarette before they go on a plane where they will not be able to smoke for probably hours. 

When you really watch them this way, you can really see that smokers don't GET to smoke. They HAVE to smoke. 

You no longer HAVE to smoke!! 

Keep Choosing Freedom!!! 

Eric

I smoked my last cigarette on July 4th, 2004