When Will I Feel Normal Again?

"I just wish my knee would hurry up and get better. Sometimes I just feel so frustrated."

This was a comment that my step mother said to me not too long ago as we were standing in her kitchen, when I was over visiting. She just had her knee replaced about six weeks prior to that day, because her knee was so bad. I could understand her frustration, but I also couldn't help but notice the marked improvements she had made from when she first came home from the hospital.

I remember the first few days after she came home from the surgery. She was bed ridden. She couldn't put any weight on her knee whatsoever and also had to keep it immobile. She was also going in and out of consciousness because of the strong medications that the doctor gave her for the pain. She was pretty much incapacitated.

After a few days though, she was able to get out of bed and move around some. The pain was very much still there, but a rehabilitation nurse would come over and she would do knee bend exercises to help get her mobility back. Within a week she was able to move around, but she had to use crutches because she still couldn't put any weight on her knee.

After a few weeks she was then able to move around the house, but she needed a walker to help her keep her full weight off the knee. Her knee still felt pretty stiff and she still had pain, but she was able to go for longer periods of time without using the medication.

Within six weeks, the last time I was there to visit her when she made that comment. She was able to move around the house without any walker at all. She still had stiffness and pain in her knee, but it was getting much better.

Today, she's enjoying herself with my dad in Hawaii on vacation.

Why am I sharing that story? It's because I think sometimes we're so focused on the end result of what we desire ( in my step mom's case, having her knee feel normal again) that we can sometimes lose sight of what amazing strides we are actually making in the PRESENT moment to achieve that goal.

And while we are of course dealing with addiction and I'm not trying to make light of it. The principal is the same.

My step mom's flaw was a bad knee. She removed the flaw and now she is temporarily recovering from that.

Our flaw was smoking and when we remove the flaw, we also, will have a temporary adjustment of recovering to feeling whole and complete again.

While the recovery symptoms may be different. Her having pain and stiffness and us having thoughts and urges to smoke. The principal is the same.

Recovery is not something that is going to happen in the future. It is happening NOW.

You're not quitting smoking. YOU ALREADY QUIT.

You quit smoking the minute you extinguished your last cigarette. YOU ARE NOW RECOVERING. In this moment. At this time you are recovering. You are NOW healing from the many years that you smoked.

You may say, " Well that's all wonderful and everything, but it still doesn't answer my question of when will I feel normal again."

I can't answer that question for you, but neither can you. So why torture yourself by constantly asking a question in which you have no answer for? Especially when most smokers are even unsure of what normal is after decades of smoking.

I can only tell you that YOU WILL FEEL NORMAL AGAIN. And at this moment, RIGHT NOW you are in the healing process of achieving that very goal.

ACCEPT IT. EMBRACE IT! And it will be a wonderful journey to your FREEDOM. Even if there are a few bumps in the road. Fight it or resist it and it can make quitting very difficult.

If you have read Allen Carr's book. You know that he talks about how he actually enjoyed the withdrawal process. He obviously didn't enjoy the withdrawal process, because withdrawal is so great, but because he knew that he was freeing himself from HAVING to smoke. I only know this, because I too actually enjoyed the withdrawal process for that very same reason.

And even after withdrawal and you experience association triggers that cause urges or thoughts to smoke. This is only part of the healing process that is happening NOW.

A smoker who smoked a pack a day for 20 years and took 8 puffs off of each cigarette literally created over a million memories of smoking. Really think about that. There is no way that we could discard that many memories within a few days or even a few short weeks, but it doesn't mean that you are not healing.

ON THE CONTRARY... this means that YOU ARE in fact HEALING.

All of my past quits. When I would get urges or thoughts to smoke. I always thought it was because I was a hopeless addict and I would sit and dwell on these thoughts until they became bigger and bigger and more and more intense, until finally my willpower not to smoke would give way and I would end up smoking again. Instead of realizing that I was in a moment of thinking of smoking. I instantly projected my thoughts into the future and thought that is what quitting smoking was.

Thankfully this time I learned about nicotine addiction and realized that these thoughts didn't come up, just because I was an addict, but because the addiction created association triggers. Situations or scenarios that triggered a memory that I used to smoke at that particular time and or event. I knew this time that these thoughts were simply the healing process of discarding these old association triggers and I also knew that those moments were just that.....moments and moments always pass.

Having thoughts or urges to smoke doesn't necessarily mean it is because you want to smoke or are a hopeless addict. It could just very well be that something triggered an old memory of when you were a smoker that is causing the thought to smoke. It is important that if that happens, not to fixate on smoking as I mentioned that I used to.

Think of it this way. Have you ever had something really bad happen to you many years ago and the memory of that horrible time or moment suddenly pops into your head? Just because the memory popped into your head doesn't mean that you want to relive that moment. It is most likely that something triggered that memory. Yet sometimes we let the mind dwell on the memory, which causes us present discomfort by getting caught up in the memory. This is why being aware of our thoughts and not automatically identifying with them and being reduced to a reaction to them is so important. Now imagine having all of those memories of smoking we had built up from decades of smoking. Is it no wonder that when we first quit, that we can have many thoughts to smoke?

Even Allen Carr had to deal with the association triggers when he first quit. The chapter " The Combination Cigarette" talks about this and I don't think that there is any way that he could have written that Chapter with that insight, if he did not experience them himself.

I think the point of this ramble is to be patient with yourself. Don't be so hard on yourself if you have thoughts to smoke. It is normal when we first quit smoking. The most important thing is to not act on the thought by validating it with the belief in the cigarette.

And just like my step mom who went from being bed ridden and now vacationing in Hawaii. We go through a similar type process. Yes when we first quit, we go through withdrawal. The withdrawal turns into craves. Those craves turn into thoughts and eventually those thoughts will turn into memories. Memories that we hold onto to remember smoking as it really was and not how we wanted it to be.

You are also making incredible strides in your recovery. You are healing NOW, AT THIS MOMENT. It's not something that's going to happen in the future. It is happening NOW.


Don't ask so much of yourself. You cannot fully recover from decades of smoking within only a few short weeks. It will take some time, but embrace the healing process, because YOU ARE HEALING NOW.



Try not to keep your sights far into the future on hopeful expectations on how you'll feel in your quit. The fact is TODAY you have done something that millions of smokers only dream that they could do. You went through today without HAVING to smoke and tomorrow you will wake up and not HAVE to smoke and these days will keep accumulating as long as you focus on TODAY. As long as you focus on the moment. As long as you focus on NOW. Trying to look into the future of when will you feel normal and trying to answer a question that you can't answer can only create stress in the present.



Be patient with yourself. This really is the greatest gift you have given yourself. Sometimes it just takes a little time to unwrap it.

and remember,

The only people who have craves forever are the people who don't quit smoking.


Eric

I smoked my last cigarette on July 4th, 2004