What I feel about nicotine replacements and what is successful from my experience.

The way I look at it, nicotine is a chemical substance not needed for the normal function of the human body and on top of that provokes emotional “instability” after a few hours of not having a dose. Sure, really small doses won’t harm you but what it will do is promote pre mature aging. I’m 21M and already I have deep wrinkles under my eyes and I have ADHD, nicotine calms me but having wrinkles this young freaks me the fuck out. Many chemicals in cigarettes are responsible for wrinkles too but nicotine is not the nice guy as everyone keeps putting it to be. It constricts your blood vessels so less nutrients goes to your skin.

Secondly, I used to vape a lot. During my time vaping, whether it’s for one week or one month I inevitably push myself back into smoking. You’re not quitting, but replacing and with replacing it becomes a habit (at least for me) to jump back and forth between the two addiction and not moving forward in any way. I never feel fulfilled when I switched to vaping, it’s the same. After about an hour you go take a vape break. Or after becoming a vaper, you essentially become a chain vaper to attempt to kick your smoking addiction but at the end of the day cigarettes are the most available form of nicotine. If somethning were to happen to your vape (let’s say your liquid runs out) you would jump straight back into the pit and the cycle continues.

Cold turkey is the way to go. It gets you out of the addiction completely and after 2 weeks you will feel like a non smoker and you will think like a non smoker. I’m not religious at all, nor do I claim buddhism to be a religion, but as buddha says there will be suffering in life, but it’s only temporary and the best way to overcome the period of suffer is to find that little bit of happiness in the moment (or something like that). Sports, music, games, lots and lots of pokemon, walking in a (smoke free) park, or cooking will only help you through this. Take the first step to become not only a ex smoker, but an ex drug addict as well.

I’ve been off nicotine for 3 weeks already. Only 2 cravings for the entire week and they were the weakest cravings I’ve ever felt since quitting. Lot’s of sports, lot’s of pokemon, lot’s of healthy foods and lot’s of porn (it does help, but I’m on no fap at the moment). The negative side: “extreme” opinions on certain topics (Problems with being assertive goes out the window, unfortunately anger usually follows it), regulating emotions (especially hard for me with anxiety and adhd, push through it), brain fog (you won’t think clearly about facts, your emotions would run things for a little while) and you will, without a doubt, piss people off (links back to the lack of filter and less logical thoughts).

Push through it. The end result is worth it.