I was almost a month free of cigs and I smoked a pack! So pissed at myself. Caffeine and anxiety did me in.

Hey guys. Man, I got so close to a month and I fucking smoked! I’m so annoyed at myself and now I have to ask for a badge reset. I was seriously at like 28 days when I got a HUGE craving on Sunday that wouldn’t go away. I bought a pack and smoked the last one earlier today. After the first day, I told myself I wasn’t going to smoke more, but couldn’t bring myself to throw the pack away. Of course I smoked the rest. 

I wanted to make a post to remind myself why I had such a crazy craving, and hope I help someone avoid making the same mistake that I did. Now, my throat is scratchy, I woke up with a really dry throat today, and my lungs feels like shit again. 

A few factors contributed to me smoking on Sunday, mostly anxiety and caffeine: 

\- I drank way too much caffeine. I usually drink a Red Bull on the weekends, so I had my usual Sunday morning Red Bull, then I went out to brunch and had coffee, plus iced tea on top of it. By early afternoon I was buzzed. With too much caffeine comes general anxiety, and that day I had a few more things going on that contributed to it.

\- I accidentally broke something of my roommate’s and was worried about what her reaction would be when she got home. It turned out fine.

\- I’m back on a dating app and that just fucking sucks in general (more anxiety)

\- I had already told myself that I was going to take a week off at the gym because I’m in between stages of my workout plan, so I wasn’t as open to the idea of going to the gym to work off my craving. 

\- It was cold out so I felt like I couldn’t go on a walk, which is how I usually clear my head.

That almost month was the longest I’ve gone in a really long time, and I’m pretty fucking bummed to be starting back at square one, even though I am proud of myself for going as long as I did. Hopefully next time I can take steps to reduce my anxiety and not drink too much damn caffeine.

In any case, I won’t smoke with you the rest of the day. 