Can somebody help me with my quit plan? It isn't working at all and I'm very close to a relapse

I managed to go all of four days so far... yay me... but I honestly don't know how much longer I can cope. 

I feel miserable. I won't bother dredging up my posts again, but if you've seen me around the last few days, you'll have noted that they were not written with a shred of positivity. I took the depression quiz on the SmokeFree.gov site and scored 19 out of 20. That's the kind of mental state that quitting has put me in. 

My quit plan has been pretty simple so far -- read Allen Carr's book (though I haven't really been able to follow it, as Step One is to be excited about quitting, and I don't want to quit, but have to for a job), go cold turkey, use a nicotine-free vape for the hand/mouth stuff. 

It isn't working. I'm miserable, unproductive, and spend my days counting down until bedtime because of the hope that I'll wake up feeling different tomorrow. No amount of physical harm smoking does to me is worth this mental pain. None. Of that I am absolutely sure. 

The main stressors that are harming this quit attempt are:

* Pressure to succeed. I'll have to be smoke free by June 1st, or at least able to go 3-5 days at a time without smoking. 
* Affecting my work. I'm a self employed writer, and in grad school for a writing program. Smoking was how I took my breaks during the day, and what I did when I went outside to wander around and think through whatever I was stuck on. I can't do that, my work has suffered massively (as verified by a peer...), and now I'm in danger of fucking up both my professional and academic life. 
* I have not been able to cope going outside. I had to leave the market buying food today in tears because I knew I could buy cigarettes there, and if I didn't leave right then, I would. It was the first time I'd left home in three days. It means I'm missing out on a lot of things.
* The fact I would not have attempted to quit without the need to get at least semi-smoke free by June 1st. Quitting smoking is hard, and doing it with zero motivation other than "I need to endure these really awful feelings now to avoid really awful feelings later" is the most unhealthy motivation ever. 

Honestly, I'm at the point where I'm praying that one of you tells me to go onto NRT because that'd give me an excuse to smoke again in the interim. All I want to do is buy a pack of cigarettes, head to a bar, get shitfaced, smoke them all, then worry about picking up the pieces the next day. 

The only two things keeping me going are I couldn't bare the shame of telling my girlfriend that I failed, and the ticker on Quit Now! telling me I'm 55% of the way to eliminating a physical dependence on nicotine. It means my sole motivations are shame/guilt and praying that something magically changes, and that's not enough to keep me enduring this fucking hell I'm living. I'm usually happy and outgoing, I'm fucked off with enduring misery, I'd rather smoke and have mental health than be like this. 

Please help me, somebody!

(P.S. Yes, I know about power of positive thinking and all that. I have read the EasyWay book, and it is a legit great read. It may not be helping me right now, but it went a great way to articulating a lot of my smoking behaviour that I hadn't thought about. But at this point, telling me to 'just be positive about it' would be like telling a depressed person to 'just stop being sad!'... we're past that point...)